5	I just discovered this hidden gem a few months ago. This place is HUGE! There's so much to see; vintage clothing, estate jewelry, furniture, old records, little odds and ends. You never know what you may find! It is a truly unique shopping experience. The first time I went was on a Saturday afternoon and didn't leave until 3 hours later! Luckily, they had a snack bar where I was able to grab a quick lunch.If you have some vintage pieces that you'd like to sell, this would be the perfect place to rent a booth. BUT, you have to get your name on the waiting list in a hurry. The last time I checked, there was a 6 month to a year wait! YIKES
3	I feel like I need to define a couple of terms here. To a novice antique shopper "antique mall" is a bit of a misnomer, since much stuff sold here is old, but not antique. There ARE plenty of antiques, mind you, which generally means stuff over 100 years of age, but most of the merchandise here qualifies as vintage- over 25 but under 100. The word "mall" simply means the space is arranged by "booths," areas rented by various vendors.Having said that, Sleepy Poet, situated in a warehouse on South Boulevard, has loads of display space for vendors to sell any and everything they want: from furniture to paper ephemera, vintage hats, cigar boxes, radios, bric-a-brac, books, and dinnerware, it's all here. That's good news for those of us who like digging, poking, and prowling our way around old merchandise, looking for that piece to "speak" to us. One cool item I found for my Mama: a small, semi-porcelain, Art-Deco era covered bowl trimmed in a geometric purple and black design.  "What is it?" I wondered. I uncovered it. Inside the bowl was a smaller bowl with perforations- sort of like a strainer- I thought. "But what on earth is it for?" Then it hit me like a flash, so I rushed up to the counter and bought it without even asking if the vendor could give me a better price. It was only twenty-five bucks after all. What was it, you wonder? I'll tell you. It was the PERFECT gift for my Mom. It was a bowl in which to soak her dentures.A trip to the Sleepy Poet may well be worth it for those who love the thrill of the hunt.
4	Sleepy Poet is great fun.  Lots of vendors, lots of stuff.  It takes hours and hours to get through it all.  I managed to do a good portion of my christmas shopping here over the course of a couple of days.  I found some really fun things that were well received and definitely one of a kind.  The staff is very friendly and they are happy to help you load your finds into your car.  I have been on the waiting list to get a booth here for nearly a year, so if you are interested in selling, there is a wait to do so.
4	This place is huge!  I went in to scope out some used furniture and was amazed at how much is stuffed in that warehouse.  Most of it, as expected, is antiquey and grandmotherish.  However, there was some cool stuff too.  Lots of coffee tables and wood dressers that are sturdier than you could buy brand new at discount stores and still at a reasonable price.  There are also a lot of chachkis.  Even if old stuff isn't your style it is still fun to look around and discover.  I didn't look through, but they had a records section in the middle.
5	A great place to take people from bigger, more antique/vintage crazy cities - there's a ton of awesome vintage here, and while you're pawing through the 60s70s80s frocks, Gramma can be fingering Faberge plates and Pops can be perusing architectural pieces and Gargoyles. Or antique tools. Milk glass juicers. Old bitters bottles. Deco clothes. Prints, tapestries, wall hangings, a huge section at back with vintage upholstery and tassels, if you're going with 70s boudoir for the new sunken living room. Copious amounts of kitschy kitchen wares. In other words: something for everyone.5th star distinction for: Amazing staff (sweet, knowledgable, acutely helpful).Awesome hours (open sunday, hit it post-brunch and walk off them cheese grits).And most importantly to pinchpenny me: price. Sure, you could drop 5 grand in here on a piece of antique furniture, but you can also drop a buck on some pair of freaky studs or a bangle, a Life mag from the week after the moon walk. No matter how broke you are, you can take a little piece of the past home with ya from Sleepy Poet.Cubbies at the front for keeping potential purchases, free popcorn. During season, get your Rollergirls ticks here early. Awesome.
5	Listen, I know next to nothing about antiques, but I sure love to spend a couple hours rooting through cool old stuff that didn't come out of my grandparents' closet.  The Sleepy Poet, then, might be one of the coolest places in Charlotte.  It's so huge that I get lost wandering the aisles, and the best part is that it doesn't matter... I know that every corner turned will bring me to another cubby of interesting stuff (a whole wall of antique telephones?  Yes, please.) and that even if I've thought I've seen everything, I'll still come upon a table of sparkly costume jewelry that will hold me up before I leave, or a shelf of cowboy boots that just speak to me.It's such a diverting, wonderful warehouse, with super-friendly staff, and the different sections are well-designed so that you can see everything for sale without really having to dig.A+, Sleepy Poet.
4	With different vendors at each booth, who can't love a year around indoor Antique Mall?! Especially one of such high quality. Not the place for bargain hunting (medium/large furniture pieces run $400+), this place always has electic mixes, helpful staff, and some sales spread throughout the store! Always worth a look if you're trying to get ideas for home decor, a funky gift or just a way to blow a Saturday morning with a friend :)
4	A fun place to spend an hour, very eclectic selection but you can find some cool stuff if you are open.
5	I don't know why I never heard of this place before - but I am so glad for the discovery.  It doesn't matter what your looking for the Sleepy Poet has a little bit of everything...Vintage clothes, accessories, lots and lots of cool furniture to choose from - pictures - homes decor....there is no sense in going on and on - you will just have to check it out for yourself.  Plan a couple of hours you'll need it to get through this huge place fullof awesome stuff. The prices are also very reasonable...
4	I really have a love/hate relationship with sleepy poet, but in a good way.It usually starts off with a dose of guilt that I'm not going to 1510, but some days I just need to see 8 million booths of stuff, always changing with varieties in prices (though usually still on the higher side) and different people to talk to. Plus, there is the perk of being able to comparison shop within the same building (if I can remember where the first booth I saw it in is located) and more than likely I can find what I'm searching for (or not really searching for). My occasional problem with the tons of booths, the large clothing section, the records, the fabrics, the jewelry, and the insane amount of books is about half to three quarters of the way through sometimes my brain just can't compute any more antiques, especially if I haven't been in in a while. There is so much crammed into this place it is insane, and on occasion I need a break. (thank you conveniently placed soda and vending machine) The staff is really helpful, and instead of me finding my way to the front to put down my items and then trying to find the aisle that I left off on, more often than not an employee will pass me and offer to take my handfuls up to the front and save it in a cubby with my name on it until I can make my way back up there. Love it. And although some of the prices are higher, almost everything is in fantastic shape - and there are awesome deals hidden among the higher priced tags.
5	This place is excellent! A lot of fun. It is huge. There are plenty of items to look at. I especially love the jewelary. This is a great place to get lost in. An excellent place to take the mother in law when she is visiting. Sadly, we were fools. We found an excellent mid-century modern piece that would fit perfectly in our home. The price was a bit steep and we decided not to buy it. Serious regret. Someone else bought it and we now drive by Sleepy Poet shaking our heads. How did we let that slip away? Consumerism lesson- if you love it, buy it.
5	For antique shoppers.....this is a must stop shop!This is a very nice layout, with many individual sellers, with lots of variety.  Maybe antiques is a stretch, but the variety of goods from furniture, to vintage shelves, dishes, and tools, truly allows the term to be used frequently as we have found item dating back to the civil war and beyond.The staff is very helpful, and will assist in holding your items up front so that you are no swayed by the mass quantity of items you have amassed in your travels down the aisles.Prices are very reasonable, and they are willing to negotiate a lower price in many cases if the item is over $50.00.They appear to be adding a few new sections on this last visit, and I always feel that it is different each month.This is the largest type of store of this antique shopping in the Charlotte area, so if you need some rusty tools, an old camera or even some vintage clothes, this is the place.With so many vendors, it should have something for everyone.Oh yeah......Free fresh popcorn at the front desk, vending machines and drinks are at the back.NCFoodGuy
5	I love this place!!! If you are looking for something interesting to do and like antiques, this is the place for you. Sleepy Poet has tons and tons of antiques. The first time I went through, I was there for at least three hours. I have bought quite a bit from this place and probably will buy much more down the road. I like that they have a huge selection ranging from fine china and Lava lamps to stately furniture and victrolas. To give you an idea of what you are in store for with this place, I would compare it to the size of a BJ's or Costco only with a way better atmosphere!
4	I've recently gotten on this antique & consignment mall kick, and while chit-chatting with my doc during a recent visit I learned about The Sleepy Poet.  Since it was very near her office I decided to swing by afterwards.  What a treat. I don't frequent South Blvd, so I had no idea they were there.  At first I parked in front of the adjoining Consignments on South & perused their goods.  They were ok, but the real gem is of course TSP. I was greeted by a very friendly young woman when I entered.  Said hello & mentioned I'd just found out about them & decided to pop in. She immediately offered me a map of the store, a pencil to jot down notes & such, and explained how the isles were arranged (bit of a maze).  I thanked her, turned around, and started my hunt for something marvelous-but-cheap!!  I could have spent a ton of money in there that day.  But I would have come away with quite a haul, too.  It pays to really scour each booth.  My best find of the day was a book in pristine condition that was $60 retail, but guess what I got it for?  You'll never guess.....TWO BUCKS!!!  I was stunned & of course scooped it up immediately since  a) it was on my online wish list at B&N, and  b) because another booth had the same book for thirty dollars, and it was tattered! I also scored a pair of wall sconces for only five dollars (granted, they need a little tlc, but c'mon - five dollars?!).  I could go on and on, but there are a few things I plan on going back for & want them to be there when I return...if I told you about them, they may not be!The front desk is also happy to hold items for you while you shop in the event your arms are too full like mine were.  I officially have the sleepy poet bug.  I'll just have to keep myself from appearing on the next season of Hoarders!! LOLDefinitely something here for every taste, style and budget.  A perfect "little" spot tucked away on busy South Blvd - worth every bit of road rage to get there!  :)
5	These guys have the best stock of good antiques and the prices are not too expensive either.
3	More vintage and not antique.
4	Just an amazing range of stuff here from downright gaudy and made in China all the way back to legit antiques from at least a century ago. Although the place is great to just walk through (it's easy to burn through an hour of your day) I took a particular liking to the booth with about a hundred different old cameras none of which were newer than the 1970s. There were also a ton of cameras on sale as parts and lots of accessories for any of you extreme 35mm and medium format hobbyists out there. The guy who runs this booth is great to just get on the phone and chat with about shooting on film with old cameras.I'm mostly into the cameras side of things but the Sleepy Poet has about anything you can imagine. If I ever have more space to decorate the way I want I will surely be back here to grab some of the more official antique furniture and other interior decor. The only qualm I have with the Sleepy Poet is that some of the booths are reminiscent of something out of a Black Lion - cheap plastic goods etc. that try to imitate the feel of real antiques but lack that certain something. Take your time to dig through the crap and you'll eventually find the real treasures. I didn't even have time to finish looking on the first day I visited because there's just so much there to see.
3	Sleepy Poet is a ginormous antique mall in the bowels of Charlotte. Set in a rather inconspicuous looking building, it's very large on the inside and has a lot of different vendors.I only gave it three stars because I found the selection lacking on the day I stopped there. There was plenty of "volume" of merchandise, but a lot of it seemed to be in that grey area between "old junk" and "antique". There were some nice pieces, to be sure, but I found that I had to wade through a lot of junk to find it.I may revise my rating if I see more when I go back next time (and I will definitely stop there again).
4	Whoa. Talk about endless possibilities! Did you ever see "Return to Oz?" If so, remember the part where Dorothy has to pick out one item in a gigantic room full of treasures to save her friend, Tick-Tock? It was such an anxiety producing moment for her to pick the right thing...well, you could be like Dorothy surrounded by lots of treasures at the Sleepy Poet Antique Mall, minus the impending doom if you don't find the right object. Plan to spend hours going up and down aisles of other people's stuff they want to sell. It definitely took me down memory lane...I found myself pointing to things that I recognized in my grandmother's house (or even things I grew up with for that matter). The general rule is if you find something you want, but it is more than $25 you can ask an associate to check if the owner will allow you to make a cheaper offer. If, however, it's less than $25 there is no negotiating. The associates are helpful and are willing to hold the items you want at the front checkout area so you're not lugging it around the entire place (it can get very heavy and you need free hands to pick up more stuff). Be sure that what you purchase is what you want because they do not do returns. When I was little, I didn't understand why my parents loved shopping at antique stores...it was so bo-ring. I admit, I am now at that age that there is appeal in walking through old stuff and bringing it back home with me. If you find that appealing too you will definitely want to come here!
4	This place is an excellent shopping alternative to the malls in Charlotte.  It's not, however, a place to go to "picking" the prices are essentially the antique version of retail.But the selection is excellent, you can find a little bit of everything.  Don't go if you are in a hurry, you will need at least two hours to look around and get a grasp of it all.If you are looking for something particular just ask anyone at the front desk, they are all very helpful and friendly.  There is a consignment shop which focuses more on clothing attached to the Sleepy Poet which also has a lot of stuff to sort through.Oh, and free popcorn!
4	I had driven past this place a hundred times before I overheard someone talking about a friend of a friend who used to work there or something ridiculous and then it clicked. I realized it was an antique mall, and I got myself down there quick. It's enormous, almost too large, but it made for a very fun afternoon wandering through the isles, wondering what some of the things even were, trying on some old hats and broaches. My DIY brain was on overload with all of the possible projects and handi-works that could come from old, outdated objects. The staff is there if you need them but they don't go out of their way to help you which I really prefer in this type of experience. Most of the fun is in the hunt! The selection is extremely varying from headboards, jewelry, clothes, toys, fabric, light fixtures, shoes, blanket chests, photographs, trinkets, quilts, to pretty much anything! In fact, next time I need a project on a rainy day, I'm definitely heading straight here to snatch up something I can paint, refinish, or re-purpose.
4	My favorite place in Charlotte to go furniture shopping. It is big, but there are maps, and friendly people to explain the maps to you. Obviously with antique malls what you might find in there is always a gamble, but The Sleepy Poet almost always has fabulous finds tucked away in a corner here or there, you just have to find them. There is always fresh complimentary popcorn in the front also.The only thing that throws me off from the 5th star is some of the pricing..it's weird because some things that seem like they would be worth a lot more are very cheap, reasonable, and you feel like you are getting a lucky deal. On the other hand sometimes I have complete sticker shock when I check out the price on a particular item. Then again, that's kind of the fun of it.I usually go in search of furniture and home goods, but there are TONS of cool vintage records, mags, clothing, shoes, jewelry, etc. It is definitely a place to go if you are looking for a little something for the "girl/guy that has everything."Go when you have time, as it is easy to get consumed by its vastness. And it's really fun to allow yourself to do so..
2	Sleep Poet Antique Mall is big, and they have a lot of different kind of things.  However, the great items and great bargains appear to be few and far between, which is a huge turn-off for me.  Overall, I give it about a 2.5.You could spend probably hours here looking at all their wares.  They offer a wide selection of items, from jewelry, furniture, clothes, decorations, records, books, dishes, and other random kitchen items (and much, much more).  The place is filled with little "booths," which I am assuming is either an attempt to group types of items together or are all owned by one person/business.  It's fairly easy to navigate your way around the store from booth to booth.On the weekends, this place is crazy.  People are packed in here, and parking becomes quite difficult.  It is also difficult to find reasonably-priced, good items here.  Because the store is so large, it's quite time-consuming to take the time to find a good bargain.  Most of the wares they offer seem overpriced, with many of them in serious disrepair.  Just because it's "old" does not always mean it's an antique.  I would probably go check it out again, but definitely not on a weekend.  I am not a fan of large crowds, and this place can definitely get very crowded.  That being said, this a great place for people who long for a good bargain hunt.  If you don't mind a bit of a crowd, and you are the sort of person who loves to wade through things for an awesome bargain, this is probably the place for you.  I'm definitely sad that I am far too impatient for this type of place, because I've seen people walk away with some nice stuff.
4	This place is huge! The wife and I stopped in this past week. Wow! You could literally spend hours in here (me, I don't have the patience). Plenty of antiques but also lots of western wears and other stuff. It's set up kind of like Black Lion, with lots of little cubicles from different sellers. Just row after row. I kept getting turned around. Of course my wife knew exactly where we were! They have a self serve popcorn machine at the front. Really good popcorn! This is the type of place you can keep coming back and keep finding new (old) things.
5	Great Place!  Nice Vintage Clothing Area!!!  I'll be here every other week!  They have an Ugly Christmas Sweater section!  We were referered to this place by the Girl at Clothes Mentor for "Ugly Christmas Sweaters" for Neal and Bob's Ugly Christmas Sweater Dessert and Chinese Gift Exchange Party!Military Uniforms, Gear, and and and Knives!  I Dream of STEEL!Weight (a fixed Iron Dumbbell) for "Lift Weighting" as Paul Koehler says!My Girlfriend and I came back two days in a row, second day she got some cool early 1960's chairs!
3	This is a wonderful place to get lost in one lazy weekend day.  Their selection ranges from the weird and absurd to vintage and kitschy to antique, retro, funky cool.  Unfortunately, as of late, their selection has not turned over very quickly, is dull and uninspired and priced all over the map.  There were times when I could not leave without that breathless feeling of finding the perfect treasure you had no idea you needed until you saw it, the maze of aisles confusing me with treasures galore, all over the store and me not being to remember them all.  Not so at present.  I am hopeful that the Spring yard sales and Estate sales will breathe some life back into the long, winding aisles of the Sleepy.I have come here for years.  I had a booth at their old location and at this location-- I love the hunt, the repurposing of goods, the uniqueness that only this type of place can bring into your home... I hope this is just a little bump in the road for us.  I was there-- in and out-- in under an hour this past Sunday (unheard of!).  And left without anything... not only did I leave with nothing, I left not seeing anything that I would buy if only I could... Free popcorn in the front and some of the nicest sales staff anywhere in Charlotte.  I will be back and will hopefully be able to re-review my once very faithful bazaar/homegoods/yard art store.
5	Sleepy Pote antique mall is a great place to go if you want to find something for your collection and it is my favorite place in all of Charlotte.
4	I'm newly obsessed with antiques and anything vintage and saw great reviews for Sleepy Poet on my trusty Yelp and just had to check it out.THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.  Beware though, if you are into this stuff, you will get lost and you will spend hours on end in here.  If IKEA is more up your speed, this is not the place for you.The mall is set up into booths with different vendors each having their own booths so you get an eclectic mix of styles, eras and pieces from furniture to clothing to knick-knacks galore.  I found a whole lot of furniture that I loved and would have purchased if only I didn't live in a small apartment.  Prices are reasonable depending on the vendor and several of them had signs up for anywhere between 20-50% off their ticketed prices.My only complaint was that most of the vendor owners were not around and so wasn't sure how the negotiating worked and if I would be able to negotiate with the cashiers up front.  I will be back though, especially if I'm looking for something with more character than your box retail stores.
3	If I were big into antiquing, I'm sure I would be in love with Sleepy Poet. Sadly, I'm just not. I went here on a Sunday to see what all the hype was about...This place is huge! And with it being so large, it packs in A LOT. Clothing, records, signs, what-nots...the list goes on & on.The employees here are friendly & helpful & everything is neat & organized. I love that they give you free popcorn while you shop. :)
4	Neat Antique Mall. It is divided up into  different booths specific to each "seller".  Take your time and walk around and you will surely find some odd and funky.    The one thing that really stuck with me was their great vintage clothing section.  I wasn't expecting that, but it had some awesome jackets and coats. Tips: On Sunday they had some food trucks out front and get some free popcorn (near the entrance.)
4	This is a great place to spend an afternoon wandering around. There are tons of great finds and the vintage clothing selection is one of the best in town. Grab some free popcorn and a friend and enjoy walking around and discovering all kinds of unique treasures.
3	I like the Sleepy Poet, but fear that it might be a little too big for its britches. I've frequented a variety of antique / second-hand stores in the past few years and found much of the inventory to be overpriced compared to what I've seen in stores and/or online for the same kinds of items. I do think that it has some great deals to be had, but the sheer size of the place could overwhelm even the most seasoned antiquer, making it difficult (and arguably not worth it) to wade through everything it has to offer just to find a couple gems.It's obviously quite popular, and so my guess is that lot owners pay a premium to showcase their items here...which they oh-so-graciously pass on to us, the consumers. I'd love to find a more out-of-the-way, less popular antique store that hasn't jacked up its prices, despite the fact that the Sleep Poet is so conveniently located to me. Until then, I'll probably waste a few more hours here perusing the never-ending aisle, even if all I do is window shop.
4	My mission: find the mother of all ugly Christmas sweaters. Challenge accepted!My buddy Steve and I stopped by here during lunch yesterday to check out the UCS (you know me, I love a good abbreviation) selection. I walked through the doors and stopped in my tracks. Holy expletive! What is this glorious mecca of antiques?! An entire section of the ugliest sweaters, plus poinsettia and snowman earrings. A worker told me they have a lady who gets sweaters from all across the country. Dedication.Sleepy Poet has a little bit of everything. Records, clothing, furniture, dishes, cowboy boots (keep this in mind for the Summer country concert season)... you name it. It's all here.One could spend an entire day inside this place and still not see it all. The next time my mom is in town, I'm definitely bringing her here. She will fall in love. Definitely coming back this weekend to finish my Christmas shopping for her. As I was leaving, I saw the sign. The sign that all stores should have: FREE POPCORN. You know what makes shopping better? Free popcorn. I almost turned around and went sprinting to find it. Willpower stopped me. And by willpower, I mean Steve because we had to go. Sleepy Poet, I am a new fan. If I'm not mistaken, Papi Queso sets up shop here on Saturdays. Free popcorn, a building full of fun stuff and grilled cheeses. That's a damn good day.
3	Good for window shopping, but not much else. Sleepy Poet may have bit off more than it could chew in classifying itself as an antique mall. First appearances lead me to believe that it's more of an artist commune and clothing store. I was overwhelmed with and slightly disappointed in the volume of finished 'artsy pieces'.  I've been to a number of antique malls that have successfully incorporated both handmade art and antiques - but the Poet seems to lean too heavily on the handmade art. With that being said, they do have a large quantity of vintage clothing pieces, but that and their free popcorn will not get me through the door again.The staff are nice and I did find one small item to purchase (vintage military duffle bag), but price-wise I could have done much better online for the condition. Also use caution if you're needing to use a store supplied shopping cart to carry your potential purchases. With narrow aisles and a number of booths filled with large items that that stick out, I found myself bumping into things that could have been potentially costly to me. My hubby and I abandoned our cart mid-way through our visit for fear of knocking something or someone over.Prices for a few other items that caught my eye were in the upper moderate to high range which made me think twice about buying anything else. Usually, when I see a piece I have to have and know it's a good value - I get it. Not in this case since I found myself checking the price before falling in love with anything. I also found that there appears to be a few vendors that have similar booths set-up here as well as other local antique malls I've visited - however the prices appeared higher at the Poet. Not sure if they felt the need to raise their prices due to the location. Handmade art pieces and vintage clothing, yes ...reasonably priced antiques, not so much.
4	I stopped in on a Sunday to look for a few shabby chic type items for my upcoming wedding. First off, this place is HUGE! I was so overwhelmed (in a good way). I found some great items for good prices. There was a food truck outside which was awesome - wish I hadn't eaten at home that day!
5	I finally found this place.  I've seen multiple postings on Instagram and the like but never remembered to try and find it.  I literally stumbled upon it and was very happy I did.It's a mall for sure as it's size is really pretty astounding.  The layout has booths of different antique vendors just completely full of intricate vintage items from the very small to the insanely large.  I know that this will be my new stop for all things interior decorating related.  You can literally spend hours here just browsing the hundreds of items.  Also, the layout is great for walking and flow of traffic.  I'm a stickler for this sort of thing.  I need for layouts to be efficient.  This one is.
4	Such a unique place! I could spend the entire day wandering around in Sleepy Poet. There are tons of treasures to be found! Grab a free bag of popcorn and peruse all the different booths full of jewelry, vintage clothes furniture, and tons of other knick knacks.  Saturdays are awesome days to stop by. Papi Queso sets up shop in the parking lot and sometimes you'll see a popup coffee vendor and even a cupcake truck.
5	Awesome Antique mall,  Courteous staff! Large selection of about anything you are looking for. They offer everything from gently used to practically new antiques. I don't think that I have ever been there that I haven't purchased more than I intended. They have vintage LP albums; Herend porcelains; Vintage clothing to anything else large and small.As with any vendor based retail models. the pricing is controlled by the individual inventory owner vendors. You will find pricing from a to z but I think that they are fairly reasonable. Some vendors need to be aware of what their neighboring booths sale and prices that they sale so don't "snag" the first item you are looking for because you will find others that have the same thing.They only problem that I see which is a great problem to have, is the parking is very limited and is compounded by the large food vendors trucks and booths that take up a fair amount of real estate in the parking lot. It is a bit confusing that the front area is a totally different antique mall inside of and antique mall, so you have to pay for your treasures in two different locations. Speaking of paying, the lines are usually longer on Saturday and Sunday, so you may want consider weekday shopping.Overall, you will find at least something that you will desire there if you are into antiques and collectables.
5	YES.  The Sleepy Poet Antique Mall is nothing short of amazing.  SO MUCH to see, so many unique vendors!  Vintage clothing and jewelry, shabby chic furniture, books, old records, etc.  Whatever you're looking for, you will probably find at Sleepy Poet.Make sure to give yourself a few hours when you visit this place, wear comfortable shoes, and visit on a weekday to avoid crowds.
4	Although I have never bought anything here, and probably never will, it's a fun place to make laps around and take in all the odd, mysterious, sometimes tasteful, but mostly tacky items.
3	Sleepy Poet put this poet to sleep.  HAHAHAI think it was the smell that immediately put me in a coma that took me back to 1912.  Or maybe it just reminded me of the stench that used to be in my great grandmother's house... so it was hard to get past that without feeling a little weak in my knees.In some ways, I felt like it was an over-priced garage sale but then I would turn another corner and feel like I was digging into my grandma's closet but then turn another corner and found some adorable vintagey furniture/houseware and yet turn around again and trip over the collection of records.I would say this place is awesome if you are on a specific mission but then again, that isn't really true.  If you are on a mission, you may never find what you are looking for at SP...at least I wouldn't.  Not before I became overwhelmed.  See, I am the type that gets overwhelmed by the hunt.  I don't like Marshall's and TJ Max for that very reason.  I don't want to go hunting.  I want my shopping to be a leisure activity.  The other thing is that I don't care about vintage items.  My grandma gave me all her old clip-on earrings and she gave me an old nightgown that is from 1903.  Since I don't really have an eye for that type of decorating, SP didn't do much for me.  I can certainly see why people love it here but it isn't going to be for everyone.  Everyone has their taste in decor and if you love vintage items or unique knick-knacks then this is a gold mine!!One thing that IS for everyone....the free popcorn.  :)  Happy Hunting!
4	Much like the trinkets and baubles you'll discover, this place is a gem.  If you've got a couple of hours (or a full day) to kill, you should grab a cup of coffee and poke around this place... you'll come across all sorts of interesting artifacts, really.Came here earlier this year because I wanted to add instant vintage and curious items to my place.  There's so many different things to buy here - clothes, cookware, books, records, furniture, jewelry... the list goes on.  The coolest thing that I saw here was a collection of old school law books and an apothecary's display case or something like that.  For a boring, dull person like me, I can totally pretend like I am cultured and have a sense of style.  I was close to pulling the trigger on a set of super old golf clubs that looked like Jesus used (when he shot 5 under par at the Babel Open Championship), but got talked out of it.  In any event, it's definitely a neat place to swing by and pick up some items as gifts for friends or to add a some flavor to your home.  If you're into modern, I wouldn't go here (obv).  Otherwise, swing on through - it'll be tough to leave empty-handed.dmo out
4	They most definitely have a wide variety of things. I have been several times and noticed a lot of the same things that sit for quite awhile. Not bad things just feel they are over priced. Can get crazy busy on the weekends so if you can go during the week.
4	Love coming here looking for items for my home!  This is a great mix of vintage, new and unique finds for furniture and decor.  Some vendors have costumes and vintage jewelry.  There is also a vendor that has everything you will need to fix your lamps!Some of the prices are a bit high but keep looking and you may find just what you are looking for!They have free popcorn too!!!  Set aside an afternoon for browsing and you won't regret it!
4	The Sleepy Poet Antique Mall is a fun place to visit. Be prepared for an all day event. Good thing there are lots of furniture and a place to kick off your heels/cool your jets and get some free popcorn, watch TV while you rest up.It's like walking through at warped speed through a different time zone. From the 80's to the 70's and consignment shop.Definitely, look around for those bargains. There are booths with 20%-70% off. It's a shoppers haven for finding stuff.Happy Shopping.
4	I really like this place. There is a lot to look through, and there are a lot of cool vendors. Like any antique store, there are some great prices and some inflated prices. There are lots of treasures to be found, so be sure to give yourself adequate time to find them!
5	Oh to think i had been riding by this awesome find. It is a time warp of all things antique unique and classic. No flea market trash here. Spent hours here gazing and amazed at the treasures. Great place to find everything....
