4	Great local place for Moon Valley. Felt at home with Joe greeting all of the customers, just like at Aiello's in Central Phoenix. Burgers are good. Onion rings are lightly battered and tasty. Good selection of craft beers. Nice array of selections other than burgers too. This place will be one of our regular eateries. Congrats to Joe and Myrah for another great concept.
5	Great burgers, salads, and sandwiches. Although they just opened, service was quick. Using the garlic knots as buns is genius! Will definitely be back.
3	Although happy to find another decent place to eat in the Lovely's hood, this was not a 5 star experience. The good: revamped Market Bistro space is attractive and the bar selection solid. The burgers were very good and the garlic knots they're served on, equally delicious. The portions were fair - that is not overly generous or skimpy - and the food was fresh. Service was prompt and hostesses polite. Owner came through twice to ask about our experience. Prices are okay. The not so good: We were put at a table that did not have proper clearance between us and the next table on one side and a booth on the other. It meant that a large woman's stomach met my back as she passed through. Mmmm blech. Wait staff frequently hit the chair. I moved to the other side which meant that no one could get through there but it moved traffic around the two tables. Music, although nice, was too loud. For the number of families we saw in there, this does not read as kid friendly. I have a 10 year old for whom we ordered sliders without the peppers and chipotle mayo and although we could've sprung for a milk shake [hello more sugar] water was about my only other option and bonus! free. Now, I'm not expecting the crayon greeting that we get at CPK, but it just didn't have the family vibe to me. Kiddo liked the burger and the brownie dessert [which came as described on the menu but without the whipped cream] and the lovely seconded the dessert thumbs up. My flat iron salad had freshly cut romaine, homemade croutons, some bermuda onion, corn and black beans and a slice of tomato that was cut in half. I asked for the dressing on the side. It came with a good portion of sliced flatiron steak that although cooked well, had zero seasoning and the dressing on the side was described as a southwest caesar. I didn't get southwest and I did get blah/lacking in flavor. Bottom line, we'd go back but for the burgers only. Cost of the meal for three of us with no drinks, only water, was $40. Its nice that its in the hood and that there is good food but overall it was good, not great.
5	We were thrilled to see that Joe was opening Charr in Moon Valley along with Mini-Aiello's and his awesome pizza place. We were not disappointed.From the hostess to the bartender to our waitress to Joe himself coming to chat with us, you feel like you are a regular at a restaurant that you've been going to for years. We were seated and ordered drinks, some alcoholic and some not, and all were good. The dirty Grey Goose martini was especially good. It's nice to find a place that will make it dirty when asked, instead of skimping on the olive juice. Always a plus for us is a strong, free wi-fi connection. Just ask your server for the password.For our appetizers, our table had the tomato bisque soup, onion rings, and the red fresno pepper poppers. The soup was very creamy and thick, and the goat cheese was a great added flavor. The poppers brought some extreme heat to the table. These aren't your wimpy Sonic jalapeno poppers. The onion cream cheese filling cut the heat a bit with a nice tang, but be warned, these things pack a punch! As to the onion rings, I won't call them a "miss", but they were just so-so after the other two great offerings.Various burgers were ordered along with some sandwiches. Everyone loved the obviously fresh-made garlic knot buns and fresh toppings. The sauteed crimini mushrooms and carmelized onions on my steak and blue sandwich were awesome. If you are a fan of the blue cheese, ask for extra. It was a little skimpy on my sandwich for my taste.We were offered the desserts (made by Joe) including bread pudding and an apple crumble, but we were all too full to try those. Definitely next time.
2	$6 for fries is ridiculous. Burger, fries and a diet coke should not cost $20.
5	Love this food, Love the sister restaurant - Isa's and Sulmeria. Drinks are very good, Everyone treats us well- and I'm a pain :)
2	I was so looking forward to the opening of Charr.  Menu was looking great, right down the street from us,, burgers beers and fries.  How could it go wrong?  Sadly, it just all went wrong.  My wife and I just grabbed a spot at the bar early on a Friday afternoon.  Not too busy at all, early dinner and drinks.  Keep in mind, we are sitting right "In the Middle of the Bar".  Took us what seemed like 5+ mins to get our first drink.  Were then waiting another 5+ mins before we were asked if we would like to order food.  Ok, definitely could have flagged a bartender down for attention if I wanted, but for a first visit was just seeing how the service truly was.  So already, we are off to a bad start.Our order was to split the Sliders on Mini Garlic Knots, the 5-cheese Melt and order of fries.1) Sliders were dry and very overcooked.  Was missing the Chipotle mayo and the buns seemed not fresh and too dense with absolutely no Garlic flavor.  Sorry, if you are a burger joint and you put sliders on the menu, they better be damn good.2) Five Cheese Melt was......incredibly flavorless.  We didn't even finish.  I was shocked.  5 cheeses an grilled sourdough!!!  How is it possible that it could be flavoress?  5 CHEESES! 3) French Fries are the only reason it's not a 1 Star review.  They are really good.  Not the best ever or ground breaking, but still very crisp and delicious.  Their is no way in hell they are worth $6, but they are still good.My wife and I promised we would give them one more shot and this time be more vocal if needed.  We really want Charr to work out but if the food and service remains the same, our next visit will sadly be our last.
1	$13 for a 1/3 lb cheese burger. $6 fries? This place was waaay overpriced for 7th st and thunderbird area. $5.50 for a bottled beer? This place was absolutely terrible. I knew it was trouble when I saw a raw bar five feet from the bathrooms.
2	I had high hopes for this place, but unfortunately they just did not pan out. The Phoenix burger was in serious need of seasoning, as were the sweet potato fries. My husband tried the Cuban and while the garlic aioli was good (if you love garlic like I do), it was overpowering and the only thing you could taste.Bar had no happy hour options and we were told it was because they hadn't put one together yet? Sorry excuse for spendy drinks, I think.Overall a very pricey dinner excursion for a mediocre meal.
3	Went on a Monday - an app, two burgers, o-rings and 4 drinks - $72  - We had the Cali burger and turkey burger both good.  The house made o-rings were over battered and too greasy for my taste.  With two of the drinks being on "Happy Hour" (note: only seated at the bar or outside) seems pretty expensive for a burger joint.Had 3 servers standing around but only the bartender did anything - had to flag her down a time or two.  Still seems like they are sorting out things, hopefully pricing is one of them.
3	I've been waiting for a new Moon Valley hangout since BASIS closed.  This could possibly be the place.  A tad confusing if you're used to Market Bistro being there but once inside, you realize this is no salad bar place.  We greeted by a friendly hostess and then approached by our attentive waitress.  A great beer & wine list.  Our sandwiches were yummy.  Ambience very nice, trendy but in a good way.  The price...hmmmm.  That's where it was definitely similar to BASIS...it wasy pricey.  Hope they have a good happy hour menu on their plate.  It could be a wonderful place for the community to go and have everybody know your name.  I will definitely try again.
2	This place is much more complex than a typical burger joint/restaurant. I only have been this one time and I ordered like it was burger joint and I am reviewing it as such. My friend and I each ordered one of the gourmet burgers (burgers are a la carte), split an order of onion rings, and each ordered a coke. The total before tax and tip was $35. So after tax and 20% tip it was $45.  In Phoenix and at a location that in no way justifies any additional mark up (like being on Mill Ave or various Scottsdale locations) that is expensive. I don't mind paying a premium when it is yields a great product but that was not the case at Charr.  To be fair the burger and rings were good. The rings were definitely big enough to be split and were good. The burger (I ordered the Phoenix burger) was of normal portion and was definitely better than a typical burger you would get at a restaurant and several types of cheeses and gourmet toppings to choose from help as well.  I would say the garlic knot bun was the only part of the burger that was great.  While the burger at Charr was good it does nothing to stand out over the numerous other places in the Phoenix that also serve up a good burger and a place like Delux is clearly superior. I would not recommend going out of your way to try the burgers at Charr. The location for me happens to be very convenient so I will probably give it another chance. But if I went out of my way to try Charr I would not bother ever going back.
3	My husband and I went to Charr a few weeks ago.  I purposefully waited to write this since we wanted to re-try a couple of other places nearby for comparison.  We had 2 wedge salads, 2 burgers, an order of onion rings and 3 beers.  $60.  In the next two weeks we went to a nearby sports bar/Italian place and a brewpub.  For similar quantities, the price was $35 at one place and $38 at the other, both similar quality.  I have a hard time justifying the higher price tag, especially considering how loud it was at Charr, it was difficult to have a conversation.  The beer selection is good, but overpriced as was the case with everything.  Doing a la carte will be a tough sell when that is not what everyone else does.  We may return but not often unless the value gets better.  I wish them well but would encourage them to consider some changes that will price them more competitively.
1	We ate there yesterday for lunch, food and service were terrible, it was lunch time and only two tables with customers. We both had a burger ordered them med rare, they came out med well..also ordered onion rings but i guess he forgot so we finally got them and they were doughy and not cooked enough. Will never go back YUK!
1	I'm going to start this off with this...$6 for an order of string fries!!! There is a thing called know your customers and this place has not heard about this. If this restaurant was in Scottsdale it would probably work well. But this is at 7th st and Thunderbird. Prices here are outrageous. Burger, fries and a drink is about $18. I'm not exaggerating prices either. My wife ordered the 5 cheese sandwich and it was bad. Just a huge blob of cheese on some bread. Extremely flavorless cheese log. I will not be back to this place and really want my $40 back. If you notice, the only good reviews on this restaurant all refer to the owner Joe so these are all his friends and of course they are going to give a 5 star review.Heed my advice and go somewhere else. $6 for a side of fries!!!! I still can't believe this.
1	This place was terrible! The first thing that I noticed when I sat down was the floor was wet. I figured they had just mopped, boy was I wrong! As I was sitting there during my meal a drip of water caught my eye. I looked up and the duct work was leaking! There was water all over the exposed duct work in the ceiling and it was leaking on floor! Gross imagine if that landed in my food or on me. Now about the food. First it was way over priced. Each item is sold separately. I looked at the drink menu and almost fell over. A cocktail is on average $8. I ordered the 5 cheese melt (sounds yummy right? WRONG) When the sandwich came to the table it looked horrible! Just a large mound of cheese on tiny bread. When I opened the sandwich the inner layers of cheese weren't even melted. I took a bite (thinking it was going to clog my arteries the whole time) and it didn't even have any flavor! A grilled cheese I make at home tastes better. I didn't even finish a half of a half and the waitress never even acknowledge that I didn't even touch my meal. I will never go here again. Moral of the story... overpriced, gross food and who knows whats dropping into the food as it's being walked around the room.
4	We were pleasantly suprised when we went here for the first time. The reviews here didnt seem all that great but we live close by and found a groupon for their wings and 4 drinks (beer, wine or mixed) for only $18! Wings = outstanding! The spicyness of the wings does build up and make it almost unbearably hot (to me) but the chili sauce they put on them is delish! Alcohol = we had a few of their drafts which were pretty good: Purple Hazed (something like that), Mission Lager, Sweaty Betty, and Four Peaks Kiltlifter, yummy!!Staff: friendly and attentive; family owned i think? even the owner/ chef came up to us a couple times while we were at the bar to make sure the bartender was treating us well (his son apparantly) Atmosphere: upscale, romantic, really nice!! Prices: expensive if you don't come here for happy hour! We gave in and tried "The Phoenix" burger and it was amazing!!  It is expensive considering they don't include a side with your burger but the food is awesome and worth a try!
3	Not so much a review, but a chance to vent about about the negative experience we just had at Charr. The hamburgers are great and they have the best onion rings I've ever tasted. No complaints about the service.Nonetheless, our meal tonight was very uncomfortable. The owner paid for our meal and told us not to come back. The hamburgers now automatically come with truffle fries, which is a step in the right direction as they are a bit pricey. My niece wanted to know if she could substitute sweet potato fries and pay a little extra. The waitress indicated that this was not their policy. However, she would ask the owner indicatiing he would not like it. The owner came to our table asking what was wrong. So my niece asked again. The owner indicated we were getting the fries for free. My husband indicated that he does not eat fries so they would be wasted. My niece said matter of factly, "So you don't make exceptions." She did not say it in an accusatory mannter. This is when the owner's friendliness turned to hostility. He said that we would get everything we wanted on the house and added, "Don't come back." Maybe the owner had had enough complaints for the day. I don't think we were obnoxious. We were not asking for anything for free. We would have accepted, "sorry no exceptions. We wouldn't have liked it, but it wouldn't have stopped us from coming back as the hamburgers are that good. The restaurant refused to take our money even though we expected to pay. (Ironically we were using a Groupon.)I don't have complaints about the food or service; in fact I have recommended Charr to others who liked it. I am not advising anyone not to patronize Charr. The food is great, but the owner overreacted. We live in Sunnyslope and like to support local businesses. However, the owner made it very clear that he did not want or need our business.
5	Well I finally got around to doing a writeup on charr. The reviews here seem mixed so I had to check it out for myself. The first thing I noticed was the setup -- the multi-color backlit bar and the nice flat-screen LED tvs. I'm a big football fan so I will be sure to come by to eat and never miss a game! I came for dinner and was seated very quickly by the hostess. Menu had a wide selection of appetizers, salads, soups and drinks. Went for the charrburger with some custom toppings to my liking, beer on tap, and crab cakes to start. Some other reviews mentioned about price but having sampled other places in phoenix like Delux  I found the prices to be quite on par. More on what I think of the value later.I got my crab cakes to start and they were excellent! Very moist, tasty and hit the spot. Next was my burger and it was quite a burger. The garlic knot bun turns out to be the differentiator between the other joints I ate at so I give charr the nod on the taste of the burgers. I thought the food was excellent and certainly of the best I have had.Whether it is charr or the other burger places I sampled that serve high quality gourmet burgers, I think the price is very reasonable. This is not processed meat and the quality of the food, the ambiance where I can kick back and watch the games on the flat screen tvs and hang with my buddies makes it well worth the price. I dont plan on coming every night but at the end of a hard week of work it's nice to have a place to hang with both my buddies and colleagues for some drinks and/or food. If I want a cheap burger I can always get a big mac at the other end of the mall but I always regret it later when I choose fast food over quality.Overall, I enjoyed my meal and the atmosphere and the service. I liked the other burger joints I have been trying as well but give the nudge to charr. I'd say try it out for yourself. Tip: waited at the bar for buddies to arrive afterwards for drinks and surprisingly found some cool outlets right under the bartop I could charge my pda while waiting. Very hard to find outlets to charge my phone while I am out so this was a nice bonus! They are kind of hidden under the counter so not sure this is well known!
4	We've been twice now with the whole family, once during their opening test nights and then again last night. On the test night, you'd expect mistakes and working out the kinks. In our case, every aspect was just spot on. My eldest, the self styled expert on wings, pronounced Charr's Chili Glazed Wings the best she's ever had. My youngest, not a wing fan, devoured them. High praise from both ends of the spectrum.Last night, spot on again. Burgers on large garlic knots are excellent, juicy and perfectly cooked. Wings...yep, perfect again. A couple of Leini'e Summer Shandy bottles, super cold and served in cold glasses by our excellent and friendly server Kevin (only his third day, and you'd never know. Great job Kevin!) Fries were nice and crispy (called Truffle Fries, and while did not taste the truffle oil, they were still very good). Really well done concept, great service and excellent food!
2	Way overpriced.  Love the decor and ambiance, but Delux prices don't work without top notch burgers.  And $6 fries is just ridiculous.
1	The place looked interesting thought Id give it a try, bad idea.  Service is average - Food NOT good.  Burger was dry flavor bland and on horrible bread.  Even didnt like the fries really??? The price of the burgers a bit high.  Best burger Ive had in town is the GRIND costs $12, bad burgers should be $7-8.
3	Good Burger but on the pricy side for what you get. I work nearby and was hoping for a lunch deal but they aren't open for lunch. Pleasant staff and service was good but no lunch no return trips.
4	Went to Charr's last night for restaurant week. It was busy, good Saturday night vibe. Owner (Joe) was circulating and jovial. Though they are on the pricey side on their regular menu, the restaurant week deal was generous. A large and very strong cocktail, the Charrismo (their take on a cosmopolitan). Quite good. Appetizers, I had crab cakes, GF had wings after asking to make sure they weren't too spicy. They were about a 5 on a scale of 10 spiciness, too much for her. Waitress offered to exchange 'em, but we simply swapped. I thought they were great. Fries with orders, I had salmon burger (great), GF had Portobello Burger (phenomenal). I had a beer flight, she had a glass of Chardonnay. Then we still had desserts, but were full so we'll get to those tonight. Really a great deal for 30 bucks per. I'll be back, probably for Happy Hour because they are a bit pricey on the regular menu.....
5	Place is so good!! Fancy! Best burger ever!! they serve it on a pretzel, yum-o! Everything is cooked to perfection and is fresh and tasty. The place is so city looking, has a colorful bar and is a good date place without the city parking hustle and parking issue. I will be back, also i hear they have groupons be on the lookout!
2	When this restaurant first opened my wife and I were fans and since we were moving back to Moon Valley we were excited that MV was going to get a new good restaurant since there aren't many.We got the Carolina Burger and the garlic knot bun was a great idea. The burger was juicy and delicious. The truffle fries were the perfect side for it as well. Anything truffle I'm a sucker for.Last night we went again after a few months and it seems they forgot the butter and garlic on the buns and the truffle on the fries. The burger was pretty dry due to the dry bun and lack of any garlic and butter so it was just a knot bun really. Not sure if it was a bad night, but if I truly hope they pick up the quality again because I want them to succeed here.I'll give it one more shot and if it's good again, I'll be happy to update this review with 5 stars that I would've given it a few months ago when I first ate here.
2	I would have giving another star if the burgers were cooked correctly. I think if mostly all you do is burgers they should be cooked the way you asked for and we were the only table they were cooking for at the time. We ordered two burgers and asked for one medium rare and the other medium. The medium rare one came out rare. The medium one came out medium well. So both of us were slightly disappointed but being one off we could manage and didn't want to waste time having one thrown back on. The burger I had seemed to be seasoned nice with a slight charr. About half the people are like me and will only eat half the roll because that's too much bread to eat. I thought the house made garlic knot was good and not too garlicky with the burger. (but I only ate the smaller half not the whole roll) But my companion eat the whole thing and said all together it was too much garlic so it can go either way.The truffle string fries are OK but don't didn't taste truffles on our visit. Maybe they left it off or maybe they use real truffle oil that's very delicate? Usually if you taste a lot of truffle flavor it's artificial truffle aroma. So that may be a good thing that we didn't taste the truffle.We both had margaritas and I'd pass on them them next time as they were large and too much mixer in proportion to booze.Two burgers that came with the fries and two margaritas about $40.00 before tip.
1	This was our 2nd time there. 1st time was not very good (burgers were overcooked and flatbread was dry like cardboard), but thought we would give them another try. This time was horrible. There were 3 tables in the restaurant and it took over 30 minutes to get food to our table. Both the sliders and charr burger, ordered medium, we well done and too dry to eat. They offered to make new burgers, but since it took 30 minutes to get our food, there was not enough time to wait for them to make new food.The table next to us also had overcooked burgers and were also upset.Too bad, we live close, but would rather make the drive to Delux.
4	I gladly pay the extra money to enjoy fantastic food, great atmosphere and most importantly the lack of unsupervised, uncontrolled, misbehaving children!  Just an FYI, the fries come with your burger and other sides come with the meal, so kudos to them for listening to the previous gripes and addressing them. I have been twice. I will be back again. It is a nice date spot, great dim atmosphere with some music, but you are able to carry on a conversation with ease.  And, like I noted before: lack of children.  The few I have seen were all well behaved and parentally managed.  The service was great both times, friendly, knowledgeable and attentive without hovering.Give it a try and you may discover a new jewel of an eatery!
3	Since we loved Aiellos so much, we had to support them and give this place a try! We ordered the Family Dinner to go from Aiello's Salumeria just down the sidewalk, and ate here while waiting for our food. Bryan had the green chili burger while I had the pizza burger. We decided to order different ones so we could split and try both. The buns are actually garlic knots or something similar, but they are shaped like cinnabons in which the dough is spiraled all the way to the center. Unique fun idea but man, does this make for a horribly messy burger. You are forced to gobble up the burgers very quickly so they don't fall apart on you. The pizza burger was good, but I liked the chili one more just because there was more flavor to it. It's not that spicy either, so if you're afraid of spice, you are safe to order this chili one. The restaurant and bar are very nice. I loved the dark woods and back lighting. The place is alot more trendy and fun in comparison to the rustic, yet charming older restaurant on Central Avenue close to Camelback. I'm hoping for this place to be a success, but I feel like there are a few more "things" that need to be worked out. Even if their burgers are just okay to most people it seems (after reading several previous reviews), let me assure you that their regular Italian food is their specialty and what they're amazing at!
5	Went back for a return visit and were surprised to see the addition of entrees.  French Onion soup was superb, as was the crab cake appetizer, and our dinners (Pork Tenderloin and Hangar Steak with Marsala wine sauce and mushrooms). Pork was juicy and sauce was just right with the apples lightly cooked but still with a bit of a crunch, and the steak was cooked just as ordered - medium rare.
4	Friendly prompt service, food delivered quick. Designed to compete with deluxe.Had the Phoenix burger, great flavor, and that's no Anaheim pepper either. Love that green chile flavor.
4	I really liked this place! So festive with their Christmas decor.I went here for dinner on a Friday with a sorority sister because she had recommended it. It has a great location in morth Phoenix and hosts a beautiful fire pit fitted outisde patio, but was a little chilly for outside dining that night. We opted for a table in the middle of the place, my only complant was that I got the chair and my sister got the booth. In the chair, I felt like I was a foot above her and it was a little uncomfortable to sit that way.None the less, the service was fantastic. We each ordered drinks and were hand delivered by a nice bartender. We could see the hustle and bustle of the kitchen from our seats and with an open air kitchen like that it really fills the room with the right amount of noise. We got an app, friend zucnini with ranch dipping sauce. They were alright. I wish they had a bigger crunch when you bite in but they also cut really nicely for nibbling perfection. I got the The Buffalo Chicken while my sister orded the Grilled Chicken. Mine came with the most melty, amazing, mouth watering white cheese. That was my favorite part. The bread was great and the chicken too. Not enough buffalo sauce but the blue cheese dipping sauce was on point.The place is owned by the funny Italian guy and he was just hanging around the place. He speaks poor english but is super friendly and will always ask you how your meal was. I'd go back.
5	BEST BURGER IN THE WORLD! THE WORLD! Jesus himself would have loved this burger! Awesome service. Awesome music. About this time of year I usually get super fed up with X-mas music. So theydefinitelyget extra points in my book for that!
4	My husband and I came in on a Monday night because we saw they have a $5 Charr burger special. Its hard to beat that price, so we thought we'd give it a shot. I'm glad we did! We both got the Charr burger, and it was great. The meat was cooked perfectly, and I like how they give you one big, thick burger instead of two small ones. The pretzel bun was also good, but could have been pretzel-ier. I wanted to try the turkey burger, but since the $5 special only applied to the Charr burger, I had regular beef. But next time I go back, and I will go back, then I will pay full price and try something else.
5	Love the Aiello's concepts!   Went for dinner and had the traditional burger and it was awesome! The burger was cooked to perfection with a flavorful charr crust and placed on a homemade garlic knot bun.  The truffle fries were sensational!  My  sister had the grilled chicken sandwich with grilled vegetables which was also delicious.  The veggies were grilled perfectly and seasoned to perfection. The bread was warm and had a nice crunchy crust.   Love the open kitchen and the atmosphere in the restaurant; very warm and welcoming.   Service was excellent!   Will definitely return to try other entrees.
1	This place is NOT the Grind, Zinburger or even Delux Burgers. Not even close. The owner thinks it is but he should at least TRY these places and  then UPGRADE the beef and the preparation and the knowledge of the service. Only then could you possibly justify the prices!  PLEASE get a clue, I live a block from here and old really appreciate The Grind II NOT another Amaccapanes!!
5	Great casual good. Great service. Quaint place. Pleasant atmosphere. I love this place and highly recommend it.I just don't get some of these negative comments here. I've been there probably a half-dozen times over the past couple of months and have not had one negative experience (food OR service). If you don't like the prices, then all I can say is go to McDonalds next door.
5	Wow. Stupid good. Amazing burger/sliders and buffalo sammy. Truffle fries and ask for garlic aioli and dont miss the garlic chili wings... each one as big as your arm.  Come here now. Only negative is... hmmm no real negatives. Improvements: serve wedge on bigger plate. Blue cheese with wings instead of ranch. Pretty good when that is the worst I had. To top it off... nothing left to go, that good. Deliver to my house. We WILL be back. Brian rocks too!
3	Much-needed upscale place in Moon Valley.  Cheated on my standard, Ammacapanne's, 3 times to try this place.  Much better fare, but much worse service.  This most recent visit, the hostess seated us and I asked for a reminder on what the WiFi password was (I'm not a total douche...my wife and I run a small biz together and commonly work over meals and drinks).  The hostess kinda curtly said she didn't know if the place even has WiFi (I knew it did) and didn't know the password if it did.   No effort to go get it.  Finally waited for a server, who vaguely thought she knew it.  I'm not in the HRM industry, except as a consumer, but I can't imagine not training my staff on this.  Love the ambiance and food. Just disappointing service in my 3 visits.The servers at Ammacapanne's still win the day in this area for me.
4	After reading some of the reviews I was sceptical. Turned out to be tasty and no more pricey than the other burger joints we had visited. Friendly staff and happy hour all day Sunday! Will return!
4	Best skinny little fries.  They serve them in these little wire baskets that look like miniature fryers.  The burgers are good, of course, but salads are pretty good too.  Last visit I had the grilled chicken and was very impressed.  The beer selection is pretty good.  Their wine list is also good.
4	first, i'm not sure who decided this place wasn't good kids. unless you plan on saddling up to the bar with child in tow (if you do this, you should officially be labeled 'not good for kids'), i don't see why you couldn't bring the little ankle-biters along. we brought a 6-year-old, and she loved it. they even have a kids' menu.we went on a sunday night, and everything was perfect. if you haven't yet had a hamburger on a huge garlic knot, you haven't lived. the fries are also excellent.the decor is very minimal and nice. it's in a strange part of town for being so hipster-ish. i hope they survive.
3	I had a Groupon for Charr so my husband and I decided to go there for date night. I loved Aiello's when it was open and I like the Salumeria they have next door. Charr  was decent but not overwhelmingly good.The atmosphere is nice... I like the decor. Most of the servers are attractive young males.I had a Moscow Mule which was refreshing and potent. I thought the drinks, including the beer were overpriced.My husband ordered the Charr burger, cooked medium rare. He said it came medium well. He still thought the beef tasted good though. I ordered the roasted veggie sandwich. It was okay. The aioli that came on it was delicious. The bun that both my sandwich and my husband's burger came on was good and I liked the idea but it came apart on both of us.The fries were thin and crispy and yummy but our server only brought out one serving for us to share. I noticed other tables of two each had their own serving... hmmmm. Luckily we were more than full despite sharing one serving of fries.Service was good except for when my husband had to flag someone down for some mayo after getting our food. It took a solid 5 minutes. Our total bill before the Groupon discount for 2 burgers, fries, and 2 alcoholic beverages was around $45. A little overpriced for a burger date night.We will return for happy hour. The drinks were tasty and I am eager to try some of their appetizers.
1	Do not waste your hard earned dollars here. For a Saturday night the place was almost empty.   Appetizers (onion rings and fried zucchini)  came out cold.  The wings were very good. My wife's chicken dinner was COLD, beans almandine had no almonds and mushy.   The so called smoked ribs were NOT smoked (1/2 rack was a 1/3 rack).  The waitress added $40+ on to our bill,  The peaches and cream martini had very little alcohol.  After the adjustment the bill was still $175 and we drank very little for 4. .  Oh, they were out of half of the deserts.  I would have given this joint zero stars but you cant.  Dont get me wrong I can afford a 5* restaurant but we decided to try Charr this place is doomed to closing.  Oh NO cold glasses.  The waitress brought glass's with ice water in them to chill them and emptied them but left 3 oz of water in the bottom.  This place needs a visit from   Gordon Ramseyor David Irvine.
4	What a great experience.  So happy we weren't let down.  We were customers of Aiello's when they were open (same Owners) and always had a great meal.Had the fish & chips & fries and it was great.  The fish was so mild and fresh and the breading was delicious...not over breaded.  My husband had the burger and I tasted it (of course) and agreed with him, that it was a winner.  The dessert we had was the blueberry bread pudding with whiskey sauce and it was a home run!!  Of course, the best part of the whole experience was Brian, who always took care of us at Aiello's and now is at Charr.  We will definitely be returning.....many times!!
2	My husband and I thought "oh awesome! We love burgers!" but when we sat down to look at the menu there were only 5 burgers. Odd...since it's a BURGER bar. Oh well... we ordered the Caprese Flatbread and two BBQ burgers. The flatbread was a cold piece of focaccia with tasteless tomatoes and some bland mozzarella. Not impressed.The burgers were good, messy but good. I was really disappointed that there were so few choices of burgers at this place. Their truffle fries were very good.The staff...well they didn't seem to care that we were there.Sadly we won't be back here. They had potential but for the money they won't get a second chance.
3	Ate there last night. Place should be great with nice surroundings, quality ingredients, and diverse menu. Restaurant failed at the two key places. A brand new server who was slow and inefficient was irritating, but the real sin was over cooking the burgers. 4 people at the table ordered medium and 1 was served medium and 3 well done.  I assume the beef was as high quality as everything else, but I had no way to tell with meat that over cooked.
5	This is an excellent mom and pop place in a small strip mall. My friend and I frequent the nail salon just next store and went in here on a gorgeous Arizona night. We sat on the patio, had amazing service and the food--superb! Fresh and delish!
1	Walking into Charr we had high hopes. They were flatten when we were greeted by the hostess who was seated behind the podium. Not only was the hostess seated,but we had to ask to be seated outside. The hostess never offered inside or outside seating. Walking outside we noticed the many dirty tables, and the trash from previous customers littering the floor. In addition to the dirty tables, there was broken glass lying on top. The glass came from the lightbulbs above. So we moved inside. Once inside  we were seated near a server station where you could hear the servers and hostess cursing. In addition to the foul language I witnessed a sever chasing the hostess around the restaurant with a dead bug! I had ordered a beer on draft which was poured into a warm glass so with in minutes the beer was room temp and unpleasant. We both had burgers of course. I had ordered mine med rare and my girlfriend had ordered hers med well,both came out over and under cooked. For a burger bar I would think you would train your cooks to cook a burgers to order properly.  Truffle fries were nothing special have had better. And finally the bathrooms where so gross that most dive bars bathrooms where better then there's!! Overall would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	You can make better dinner for yourself at home.  For waaaaay cheaper at that. Its such a shame that this replaced the wonderful Market Bistro that used to be there.  As if it wasn't disappointing enough-things have gotten WORSE.  If poor service, mediocre food, and high prices weren't enough to ruin a restaurant, they've gone and gotten the bright idea to have live...er...music...on Saturday night.  (I use the term "music" loosely because if that is music, then everyone who can YELL lyrics to a song in an off-tune is a musician.)  So now to add insult to injury they have ruined any ambiance they may have had.  If anyone is wondering why I am only just now posting my opinion of the joint it is this-I have the unfortunate circumstance of living across the street :-/   I NEED EARPLUGS!!!
1	Worst  experience  ever!! The hostess was rude. The waitress was rude and the manager Joe was worse!  I think Amy's Bakery has met its match! The food was as bad as the service.
4	AZ Restaurant Week 2013 brought me to Charr - An American Burger for the first time.    Let's just run down the good things about Charr real quick: About the restaurant itself: -takes reservations on Open Table.  Sweet. -had reservations available on time on our arrival.   something to be said as many places don't! -nice outdoor patio -good ambiance and decorationsAbout the food:  -crab cake appetizer was good. flaky, good flavors, good size for sharing (2 on the plate) -my cousin loved the truffle fries  (she actually took the leftover fries to go she liked them so much)-I had the salmon burger.   The salmon was perfectly cooked.  I decided to forego the bun, it was delicious on its own.  I get that this is a "burger joint" so there's a theme, but it's great as a non-burger too (that's how i would order in the future) -My cousin had the BBQ burger.   MMM!!!  I had a few bites of it.  Now that's a burger!  Get it!-The garlic knot buns are awesome!  -The Moscow Mule was perfect!  Served in a copper mug, minty fresh, all I hoped for! My only grumble about this place was that the service was pretty slow.  We sat outside and it seemed like our waitress didn't know if we were in her section or not, though she was friendly.  It took about 10 minutes for anyone to greet us after we had been seated  The meal took about 2 hours to finish for the two of us.  Nevertheless, it was enjoyable!!  If you're up for a leisurely meal, definitely hit up Charr's.
1	We live across Thunderbird, in a residential neighborhood behind the condos. We moved in in December, and were optimistic that there were pizza/burger joints in walking distance. Upon trying the pizza, by our third visit/take out, we figured out that they have a one size fits all attitude that leaves much to be desired....bigger is not always better. It's a flavorless crust with greasier than necessary toppings. Then, we tried Charr, for burgers, since that's all they do, we were again hopeful that our burgers would be terrific. Such a pitiful excuse for a restaurant. First off, the server argued with my fiance about putting mustard on her turkey burger, and then neglected to honor my wish of medium for my burger. It was cooked all the way through, and the garlic knot bun is not a suitable vessel for the patty because it is too firm and crushed the toppings and it all squirts out. The service was so slow even though the place was almost empty during "dinner rush." The fries are really small, and too salty, sweet potato were also a disappointment. To top it off, this evening, my fiance was at home and could hear loud band/bad karaoke sounding music (which we have been hearing Thurs-Sat. since memorial wknd it seems) come blaring through our back yard starting 8pm. She traced it's origin to Charr, and asked to speak to the mgr. Joe Aiello (owner) fielded the complaint. He was a page out of Kitchen Nightmares, first arguing with her that as a business he didn't have to honor her request. When she suggested he turn it down or reposition the speakers, so as to keep the other possible neighborhood customers happy and returning, he insisted that as a bar that having this band as entertainment was beneficial. He called her rude for asking, and started to pressure her and intimidate her toward the door, trying to kick her out, he just cant take the criticism. This is not the kind of customer service you would expect to be given to someone who could bring in a lot of repeat sales. He is extremely unprofessional and it shows throughout his establishments. The food, service and ambiance in general is all sub par and reflective of his attitude toward guests and the Moon Valley community. NEGLIGENT! We highly recommend skipping this place, just head to McDonalds. We will not be back!
4	Delicious burgers, soup, fries,  and flat-bread caprese!  I expected the bun to be more like the garlic knots but it had no special taste, just a different shape.  The service was a little slow, most noticeable when a table of 5 people that arrived 5-7 minutes after us were served 5 minutes before we were.
5	I got out of class early tonight and I was starving. I drove by Isa's pizza which was, unfortunately, closed. I decided to stop in to Charr as they were still open and close by.  I sat at the bar and the bartenders we very friendly. I ordered the fried zucchini and a blue moon. They are very generous with the zucchini even though it is only an appetizer and the beer was cold and refreshing. The zucchini came with a side of ranch, but I prefer marinara, which they did not have, but they were able to accommodate me with their pomodoro soup which is very similar. I will definitely be going back and bringing friends. :)
4	I was here last Sunday and must say that I was pleasantly surprised.  I had passed this shopping center on Thunderbird numerous times and wondered what the *&&^% was in there.  Now I know.The restaurant cuisine is modern American.  What I mean to say is that the food is basic American fare with a twist.  The restaurant has delicious hamburgers...........hence the name  - Charr.  The presentation is also modern as is the restaurant.  I rather enjoyed the Caesar's salad with REAL anchovies and a hamburger with REAL Swiss cheese and crimini mushrooms - yum!  My little one had the mac and cheese that was creamy and done perfectly.  My wife had the turkey burger which was juicy, not dry.Our server was delightful and had a great sense of humor and was real likeable in general.  I would opt to say that the food is on a five star level.  However, the time to fill the order and receive the food must have been close to one half hour.  I was especially cognizant of the time since I have a seven year old that was hungry and making every minute after ordering count.My advise to Charr, perfect the order time and you have a winner.The restaurant offers many daily specials, including hamburgers.  Try it out!
1	I went to Charr for the second time. I was with my father who lives in nearby Moon Valley. He was eager to try Charr after a neighbor recommended it. It was a complete failure. GOOD NEWS: burgers now come with side of  fries for the same price. BAD NEWS: The service was horrible. We just ordered burgers. I had the Carolina (with bbq sauce ON THE SIDE) he ordered the Phoenix burger. In only a few minutes our food was brought out by a someone from the kitchen. They asked, "who had the Carolina?" and set the plate in front of me when I responded and then gave the other burger to my father. My burger had BBQ on it (not on the side as I ordered) had it came on the side I would not have touched it. My fathers burger was just a plain cheese burger. We figured that we got someone else' order as it came out so fast. My father told the waitress about his lack of "Phoenix" in his burger and she went to the kitchen before I could get to my BBQ sauce issue or our theory of it being for a different table. Someone came from the kitchen and took the "Phoenix" burger away and came back 20-30 seconds later with roasted pepper on it and left. We got the waitress again to say that it still didn't have the chipotle mayo and she left immediately to get some despite me trying to tell her about the bbq burger I did not want. We told the waitress when she came back with the mayo that my burger had bbq on it and not on the side, but rather than having them recook my burger (they took my burger away but left my father to eat his) we just abandoned the meal. Also we never got flatware and/or napkins the entire time. Overall we spent 3 or 4 times longer trying to get our servers attention and get the order fixed (not including time it would take to fix mine had we stayed) than it took to get the food after we ordered. We are not picky eaters nor complainers. But they failed to do accommodate our one simple request (no bbq) and also simply forgot two components (the only two things that make it a "Phoenix" burger rather than a cheese burger) on another and made it a circus trying to fix them rather than just simply scrap the two burgers and remake them again correctly. The whole experience made me think that they just did not give a s**t. Little to no effort by the waitress and how can a kitchen claim they make great burgers if their solution to missing components it just to add them several minutes after they serve the food.
2	Not impressed with the goods....burgers were marginal, but fries were decent although the ticket time for a side order was approximately 20 mins, and the staff was very polite and attentive (that might be because we were the only two people in there at the time which was roughly 530pm).Men's bathroom was run down (faucet falling off the wall), dirty, and smelled like stale urine....I understand it is a bathroom but it doesn't have to smell that way! My biggest beef is the price of liquor.....$7.50 for a call brand liquor (we ordered Captain Morgan/Coke and Malibu/Pineapple) served in rocks glasses. This establishment is no where near trendy enough to be running these kind of prices. I have bar tending experience and have travelled enough to know when to pay those prices and Charr is not it.Happy hour ran from 330-500(or close to that). This didn't make much sense to me...during the week most people are barely out of work by 5.I might return for food only if I happen to be in the area, but will never seek out or recommend Charr.
4	First time we went here we ordered the French Onion soup, the onion rings, and the Phoenix burger to share.  The item we liked the least was the burger, but that's not saying it wasn't good.  The soup and onion rings were awesome.  The truffle fries took center stage!Since our first visit we've been back several times and have had equally good experiences.  The service is always friendly and speedy, but sometimes the kitchen is a little slow.  I don't mind the speed because good food is worth the wait, which it is here.It's a great addition to the Moon Valley neighborhood!
4	Hmm, the reviews for this place seem to be all over the place. My experience was all good. Stopped in for late lunch on a Sunday. We kept it pretty straightforward. I had a Charr Burger with Cheddar Cheese. It was nicely cooked to medium rare. My girlfriend opted for the Chicken Grill. Both turned out to be good choices. The garlic knot bun for the burger is unique and buttery good. The meat could have used a bit more seasoning, but still had good flavor. The truffle fries were an excellent companion piece to the whole meal.In the end, our waiter, Gino, was kind enough to give us some extra garlic knot buns to take home. Had a sandwich on one for dinner that night.The burger world is the crowded spot these days, but Charr does have a home in it.
3	Best flavor chili chicken wings when not overcooked. Delicious with ranch. I keep going back just for these! Could do with providing finger tip bowls or wipes though, the sauce gets all over your face. Yummy!
5	Had a great experience here with my husband and two little kids.  The burgers were outstanding and the cocktails were perfection. Even the kid's meals were delish!  Perfect little local joint.
5	Stopped by Charr after church for lunch and truly enjoyed the experience.  My wife had their Turkey Burger and I had the Charr Burger made medium-well.  We also had their Truffle Fries.  They tasted great!!!  Our server, Gino, made our visit an excellent experience!!!  We will be back for more.
2	Had not been in the area in a while and wanted to hit Market Bistro which used to be in the spot.  Found out they had closed and decided to try the new Charr.  In a nut shell, overpriced and the food was OK at best (nothing you can't make at home with some basic store bought ingredients).  Ordered a "glorified" grilled cheese which literally was a hunk of cheese between two pieces of bread with no real flavor and my wife ordered a chicken sandwich that was dry and hard to eat.  The sandwiches didn't even come with fries (for $10 bucks each you can give your customer .50 cents in fries).  Ordered the cream cheese filled poppers which literally tasted like they came out of a freezer and where dropped old oil.  Defiantly not impressed and wouldn't go back.
5	Wow. wOw. WOW. Did I say WOW, cuz WOW. And I mean wow in the best possible way! Party of 7 came by on a Friday night with no expectations, no reservations, and a 2 year old which can usually spell out a recipe for disaster but boy did Charr impress! We were seated right away at a perfect size table and greeted immediately by our very friendly and very competent server. We received info on the specials as well as tips for first timers. Our drinks came right away and our server was even conscientious enough to ask if we should bring the 2 year old's food right away! (YES PLEASE!). Mr. Aiello himself came by to greet us twice and make sure that everything was perfect. So, what did we have? I can tell you, I had one of the best salmon burgers I've ever had in my whole life. A delicious, perfectly cooked filet atop the most delicious house made garlic knot bun. What I loved most was the fact that the bun never got soggy from the lemon basil mayo sauce and the arugula was so fresh I'd swear that it was snipped that day!  The salmon was perfectly done. The baby had housemade macaroni and cheese that every adult at the table swore was the best ever. I think we might all have it next time as a main dish ourselves. 4 different cheeses mixed in the sauce and topped with a slice of cheddar and baked to perfection. O.M.G. Several of the grown-ups had the Phoenix Burger and the Charr Burger. Everyone said the burgers were DE-LIC-IOUS and cooked to perfection since so many of us have different degrees of doneness that we prefer.  Final friend had the pork tenderloin and while that fell a tad short versus the burgers, the overall dining experience left her feeling 5 star all the way. Dessert was also superb. I had the Strawberries and Zabaglione sauce while others had the Apple Cobbler served hot with vanilla ice cream. All were super yum. While this restaurant is very out of the way for us, we will definitely be making an effort to go out of our way again to visit Charr very very soon.  Thank you for a great experience and excellent food!
3	It was okay... First off, this place is in a strip mall - not the kind of place you expect to be asked "do you have reservations?" I think there is a little mismatch here. The decor is smart and clean, if a little bland. It screams "American Bistro" in a cookie-cutter manner. The good things? They have a raw bar and do oyster shots (which I found reasonably priced, too)! Their bar is denfinitely well-stocked and they have a select list of wines and local/ micro-brew beers and ales (San Tan Ale was my choice that evening and it didn't disappoint), the shots were served cold (Patron) with lime, but no one remembered the salt until it was requested (quibble if you will, but I do like salt and lime with most commercial tequila). The quality of the ingredients of the food is quite good, too. Now the bad part: It took over 35 minutes for my order to come out (a burger and fries, an oyseter shot) and when one of the people at the table asked for HER check (not "the check"), we got everyone's tab on it! WHat a nightmare. The server, who had been inattentive or disorganized all night never got better (hint: you will improve your tips if you don't call the men "buddy" and "bro" and if you don't call the women "sweetie." Frankly, "Sir" and "Ma'am" work really well). And the burger was NOT rare, but to be fair, you really can't get a patty that thin to be rare and warm. Oh, and "truffle fries?" Meh. Truffle oil doesn't impress me, but the texture was right, not overcooked or undercooked with a nice crisp outside. The beef was tasty, but the patty surprisingly thin, even for a $10.00 burger.I'll go back, but I won't be in any hurry if I do and I'll ask for a different waitstaff if I get the same waiter. All in all, it seems like some of the staff could use a little more training in cadence and attentiveness but the food was pretty good.Oh, and lastly, the bathrooms in a place that is trying to be upscale should be in good repair - broken tp holders and a large unpainted patch job isn't consistent with the image this restaurant wants to project.
3	Visited for Restaurant Week so we had a shared app (crab cake), two entrees (Carolina burger w/string fries and fish and "chips"/string fries) and shared dessert. The waiter was friendly but somewhat unattentive and tried to push the other restaurants/deli on to us quite a bit. The food was pretty mediocre but edible..no complaints. I'm not a huge string fry fan so I was hoping for some thicker cut "chips". The blueberry bread pudding was okay. It tasted like they used old garlic bread from the other restaurant next door then smothered it in whiskey and butter. We went about 15-20 minutes without a water refill and waited 10 minutes for our card to be picked up. All in all it was just okay but at least now we know and it only cost us $30. I guess that's what Restaurant Week is all about though right?
4	My husband and I dined here on a Thursday for dinner for the Arizona Restaurant Week menu.  The interior reminded us of a sports bar bistro.  The service was exceptional -- our server was incredibly friendly.  The food was delish -- we ordered the oysters for the appetizer, the Carolina burger and Fish and Chips (which were shared) and the Apple Crumble with vanilla ice cream for dessert.  The burger was cooked perfectly, a nice slight char on the outside but juicy and flavorful in the inside.  The fish was spectacular -- tasted fresh, the batter was perfect, not greasy, slight crunch, yummy.  The dessert came out nice and warm and had a good amount of sliced apples.  The experience overall was very good, we will definitely return.  Only thing I would comment negatively is that we felt the mixed drinks were overpriced.
2	Ok food ... bad serviceThe burgers are ok if you order a medium. .. if you like rare or another way don't expect to receive it.Service was very slow ... 2+ hours for dinner???? Also 1hr and 15min into waiting at our table we get told some of our order is not available.... go figure.
4	We have become big fans of this place and our experience with them during Restaurant Week totally sealed the deal.  We had the flank steak in Marsala sauce.  My dining partner nearly licked the plate it was so delicious.  The potato croquet that accompanied it was also totally yummy--crispy on the outside and fluffy and cheesy on the inside.  Service has been great every time we've been there, prompt and attentive but not intrusive.  The burgers are always lovely, juicy and done as requested --a perfect pink medium rare--and the fries are addictive.  Monday night is bargain burger night and a complete steal.  Love this place!  A great addition to the Moon Valley neighborhood. The owner has been in the house every time we've been here and he always checks in to make sure we're enjoying our meal.  When they first opened, the fries were not included with the burger entrees, but they have since remedied that, which was a really good decision.
1	I got a burger asked for medium. I got we'll done with over salted fries. My girlfriend got a salad. Which looked like cut up condiments for the burgers on top of romaine lettuce. The lettuce was mainly the heart of the romaine which was yellow.  Cool looking place that's about it. After visiting here I really don't want to attempt to visit aiellos. Don't want to get disappointed.
1	We stopped in on a recent Fri. night.  There was live music on the patio but we opted to sit inside and were immediately seated.  The restaurant was 1/4 to 1/3 full but we sat there through at least 4 songs (about 15-20 min.) and no one asked us if we wanted a drink, brought us a glass of water, or acknowledged our presence in any way.  The hostesses were directly behind us, there was wait staff milling around chatting and cleaning other tables, a chef was chatting it up on the patio with other guests but we were completely ignored. I would've liked to try the food but the service was non-existent (other than being immediately seated by the hostess) so that we wound up walking out.
1	From other reviews, this is a hit-or-miss place.  As Charr is near where we live and restaurant choices are not very good, we gave this try on a Wednesday night. Easy parking.  Great ambiance.  Nice patio with a fire pit.  Got seated promptly.  Good start.  Water came.  Weren't familiar with the menu so we didn't order immediately. Took a long time for the server to come back.  My water glass was empty again. We ordered a burger with avocado extra ($1).  Our menus were different and it wasn't clear that fries came with your order. It does in most places.  Ordered a flat-iron steak sandwich with bleu cheese---very good.  Enough for two small appetites.  The burger was overdone; no avocado, and a dried out bun.  A pile of "truffle" fries were placed in the middle of the table.  No dipping sauce (most upscale places offer that).  Wait staff was scarce in an almost empty restaurant.  Had to leave the table and go into the restaurant from the patio to get a check.  Commented that I felt invisible.  The waiter chuckled (wrong emotion). He gave us a small discount.  One can run up a big check here when you add in drinks and side orders of fries. But the quality does not justify these prices.   We are very generous tippers when service is good.  Our tip:  $0.00.  Another tip: Avoid this place.Finally, a friend shopping at the nearby Safeway ran into a customer buying truffle oil spray (an employee from Charr).  They spray the oil on the friends--voila truffle fries. Can't imagine this place surviving with service and practices like this to go with high prices.
1	So I went back to Charr after my initial visit to take the boyfriend in. What man doesn't love a burger?! Well he loved it....until he found a hair in the meat. I hope for their sake this was a one-time thing but we haven't been back since.Bummer because I like supporting local places but it was one hair too many.
4	Charr hosted our company holiday party last night and it was fantastic! Myrah and Joe were great to work with and everything exceeded my expectations. They have a buyout package, so we had the restaurant to ourselves for the evening, and Myrah was great working with our DJ and photo booth and ensuring everything would work for the night of. I arrived before the event started and it being my first visit to charr, I was very impressed with the atmosphere and the staff was working hard to make sure everything looked great. They provided a buffet dinner and the bar was available to employees. Once it got dark, they lit the fire pits on the patio and it had a nice, warm feeling to it. I would definitely recommend them for a private party for a large group (we had about 60 attendees). The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the food was from Aiello's (their sister restaurant), so I can't speak to the food at charr's. But I will definitely return and recommend them based on the service they provided last night and throughout the planning process.
5	We had food delivered which can be dicey for a regular restaurant but I have to say we were impressed and surprised.  I had the Salmon with lemon sauce and capers, my partner had the Grilled Garlic Chicken - both were cooked perfectly, the potato cake was even in a separate container so the sauces did not soak up into them.  The portions were more than generous, even for the salmon.  I had dinner and lunch from the one dish.  I will definitely be ordering from them again.
3	This was the second time I have come to charr. The restaurant is really cool and appealing to the eye. The food is really really good. I have had the buffalo chicken sandwich and on this trip I had the Carolina burger. The fresh handmade garlic bun is an awesome addition to any burger. I have zero complaints as far as food goes.  Food gets 4 stars. My issue with this place is the service, or lack there of. Upon arrival there were two other tables that were occupied. It still took 10 minutes to get a drink. 15-20 minutes after that we got to order food. The food arrived after a reasonable amount of time. I felt like I wanted to pay my bill at that time so we could leave in a timely manner and not be held bill captive.  Service gets 2 stars. I want this place to survive because it is a local business with great food. Service issue needs to be resolved to reflect the price point of food. There are a million places to go get a $12.00 entree and a $5.00 beer, give me a reason to want to spend my money here.
3	Good burger, found this place on IDine.
3	Very underwhelming to say the least...$38 plus tip for2 burgers1 glass of house wine1 draft beerBurgers were okay but this place is charging Scottsdale prices in north phoenix.  Happy hour only 3-5 pm and I think reverse as well.  No daily specials, nothing exciting, oysters were priced at $3.50/each lol.  Probably one and done here for me as I will gladly enjoy a culvers or paradise valley burger company and go to Scottsdale when I want to pay $13 for a cocktail.  Sorry guys, not worth it.
4	Great food! I have been twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Service was great both times, so I'm not sure what the others are complaining about. They  have a few decent craft beers on tap as well so that's a bonus. The only thing I didn't quite like is the buns, which seem to fall apart creating a mess. The truffle fries are delicious.
1	Used them for delivery and I was highly upset with the overall experience. Looked at their menu to order crab cakes and pork tenderloin. I get a call to advise me they are out of pork tenderloin. So I order their ribs. I asked if everything else is okay and they said yes but told me the ribs cost $3 more (they could of waived that). Then 5 minutes later I get a call stating they are out of crab cakes. Again 5 minutes ago I asked if everything else was okay.  First it took over an hour for my food to get delivered Then I get my ribs (not even what I originally wanted ) and I would say I was and am very underwhelmed. This will be my first and last time I would eat at Charr unless they can pull a rabbit out of their hat.
5	Joe makes the best friggin burgers hands down!The rest of the menu is very inventive and plenty of options that are non burger related. Brian the head waiter is awesome and a pleasure to see . The beer is always ice cold and the shakes are delicious!$5 burger mondays are insane!
3	I was in town for business with a colleague and was recommended this place for dinner.- oyster shooters: great bloody mary mix, okay oysters- zucchini fries: juicy and fresh, but limp with no crunch. I would pass on this next time- Phoenix burger: a hint of heat, but otherwise meh. The bun is not a normal bun, but rather some sort of knotted bun that fell apart when I bit into it. It was definitely hard to eat. The meat was well-cooked though (hit right on med-rare). Truffle fries were thin and right on. They had perfect crunch- flat iron steak: coworker enjoyed it, as well as the green bean and potato cake side- lemontini: really tasty The bartenders were great. Jill and Mimi were fantastic company. This is a solid place for good conversation and decent food, but definitely not the best burger I've had. I will say it is a place with great value. During their reverse happy hour ($3 well drinks, $3 off appetizers, $5 burgers), our total came out to $60 before tip. That was for 2 oyster shooters, 3 drinks, zucchini fries, phoenix burger, 2 raw oysters, and the flat iron steak. Not bad!
1	Absolutley the worst turkey burger i have ever had. My date ordered the salmon salad.......no salmon. She had to substitute chicken. Really, no salmon on a the Friday night before Easter?  The turkey burger was over cooked and rubbery. The bun was stale and unedible. Absolutely zero flavor. What a waste of a Saturday night. As much as I like to support local mom and Pop's, I wont be able to support this one. PV burger Co, or Red Robin for me.
5	Best burger place around, and you can get a great micro brew with it, doesn't get any better than Charr
1	Been there a dozen times on Monday burger night , half of those times the burgers were well done when we ordered them medium rare ,When you send them back they get pissed , like your the one who is wrong . You would think they know how to make a medium rare burger . Been there other nights also , same issue at regular price , although on Mondays lately they skimp on the burger size , Nice going ...Most of the servers are terrible . Joe is a buffoon, thinks he has good customer service because he says hi to everyone , he couldn't give a damn .  We will never go back . Too many good burger places in town.
3	My boyfriend and I went to Charr for restaurant week. We were a little early for our reservation, so we sat at the bar. The bartender was really nice and lively. I ordered a cocktail off their menu and it was pretty good. When we sat down for our meal it took some time for our server to get to us. She came to us and asked if we had been helped since we already had drinks. I guess the hostess didn't inform her?  We ordered crab cakes for our appetizer, the portabella burger with truffle fries for me and steak with marsalla sauce with potato cake and asparagus for the boyfriend, and bread pudding with Bourbon blueberries for dinner. This is the reason I'm giving this place 3 stars: service was really slow! Another couple sat next to us after we were seated and they got their food before us. I'm not sure if it was because of the steak we ordered, but it was a long time until we got our main course. The actual food tasted good, but nothing to die for really. Also, their tap water tasted a bit off. Maybe it wasn't filtered? Eek..Just like this rating, my experience at Charr was A-Ok.
3	My wife and I visited Charr with a couple friends for restaurant week this week. We sat out front and waited for our waiter to take our drink orders... And waited... And waited.Nearly 10 minutes after we were seated, I try to flag someone down through the front window, and finally our waitress arrived and took our orders. She apologized for the delay, said something about how she had to train someone to enter food orders. It didn't seem exceptionally busy, so I think they just forgot we were seated. I thought this might be an isolated incident, but then I watched another man with a small child get seated near us a half hour later and end up leaving before a waitress ever arrived because the child couldn't wait any longer to eat... I see from the reviews other people have had similar experiences. Maybe the wait staff they're training will improve the service here, but it wasn't great when we went.The reason I am giving 3 stars is the food. The Carolina burger was delicious... The sauce and bacon were savory, the garlic knot bun was perfect. Their fries were great and they give you plenty of them.I'd recommend this place for the food, but expect to wait for it.
5	Atmosphere was good, service was good, onion rings were absolutely amazing.   Ordered my burger mid rare, but it came raw.   They did the right thing and comped the burger....we will give them another try, because had the burger been cooked right, I'm sure it would have been great and they were nice people, doing the right thing.
5	Monday night burger special was awesome. Our server was very attentive and friendly. We will be back next Monday.
4	The best french fries I have ever had. I didn't taste any truffle, but they were thin and crispy and cooked just right. I had the bbq burger and it was delish. The only reason I took off a star was service. Our waitress apparently knew the people at another table and spent all of her time speaking to them. We had empty glasses and a long wait to get our order taken and then to get our check. If the service was up to par I'd go back sooner.
5	Best burgers, truffle fries, and garlic chili wings!!! We LOVE going! Staff is excellent and kids eat free on Tuesdays. Whenever my parents come to visit they make sure to eat here. Just try it and I promise you will become a regular as well. Again....try the wings and fries...can't envision anyone being disappointed. They are the new standard we measure all wings and fries against now.
4	We are regulars here. We love the food and the service. I'm shocked at the service critiques. We've been here a lot, and only once did we have mediocre service. Otherwise it's been terrific. I love the Buffalo Chicken sandwich, but really everything here is  excellent. I like the onion soup or the wedge salad for a starter. The burgers are tasty and too much to eat even for a big guy. The beer and wine selections have what I like. The atmosphere is just right. Not only that, but they will bring up Italian from their deli if you ask. What's not to like about Charr?
1	Please explain to me the rationale behind having a happy hour that is limited to the bar or outside patio when there are only three (count them on one hand) three customers in the entire place?  The entire restaurant is small and I could hold the hand of the person sitting at the bar while I sit in the restaurant section,  yet, I am not allowed to benefit from the happy hour menu for my drink. If you want to split hairs over this one, you can do it with someone else.  I will not be spending my money on a place that is petty.
1	I was disappointed on my experience.  Great concepts but the burger had no seasoning, the bun was cold.  My wife asked for no sauce and the added sauce, but then only to take off the bacon and add cheese over the top of there mistakes.  They put cold onions and cold bacon back on my wife's burger...The fried zucchini was not very good see photo.We were disappointed
1	I must start by saying that we are always looking for new and interesting takes on burgers.  I thought we hit the jackpot with Charr American Burger Bar, sadly that was not the case. While the menu is interesting and I was very excited to see that they are  using homemade Garlic knots in lieu of the standard burger bun. We ordered the zucchini wedges and they were a true disappointment,  bland and overcooked.  My husband ordered the Phoenix burger and it was bland. I ordered the Carolina burger,  the burger was also not seasoned, the "grilled chipolinni onions were ice cold as was the bun, the bacon was precooked (way too far in advance) and it was lukewarm.  The restaurant was not busy with only one person at the bar and one man having lunch, so I was not expecting such a mediocre meal and service.  Truly dissatisfied & disappointed.
3	Nice patio and good service.  I had the Phoenix burger with truffle fries - both tasty.  I was there for happy hour and told that happy hour only applied to the bar & patio, so I opted for the patio even though I was one of a handful of people there in the middle of the day.  I enjoyed my visit, but wouldn't say it was spectacular.  If I am in the area, I will stop in again.
1	The food is excellent if you can stand the horrible service. We tried three times unsuccessfully and today simply walked out when the blonde Lady bartender refused to accommodate a special request for dietary reasons. She was inflexible and exceedingly rude. she even used the F word at us. Very disappointing because it is nearby and the kind of ambience we enjoy. The only time we had a decent experience is when we were served by the owner himself. not worth going back for - we are done.
1	This place sucks when it comes to service.   Went there today after several poor experiences in the past. Trying to give Charr one more chance.  No one greeted us for at least 10 minutes.  When the very tan, blond woman finally approached us, she was very kurt and I never did see a smile one her face.  We ordered drinks, which were delivered in a timely manner but when we were ready to order we found her to become very rude when I asked about customizing my meal.  When I finally conceded to her inflexibility she rudely snatched the menu out of my hand, with a nasty look on her face and stomped off in the direction of the computer to place our order.  At that point I decided we were through.  I expressed my feelings in what was probably an inappropriate way, left a few bucks to cover the cost of our drinks and headed for the door.  As we did, the server said, "don't f**king f**k me!"There are only 3 reasons to go out to eat in my opinion.  Good food, good ambience, good service.  Food has been good when I have eaten and the ambience is good but the poor service combined with ugly attitude makes this place a disaster...  Yeah, won't be going back here ever again....
4	Very good fries, very good house baked pretzel buns, good beer list on tap and bottle, blueberry bread pudding with whiskey sauce was amazing. Service was fast and nice enough. Only letdown was the burger itself? Underwhelmed by the pizza burger. Everything else was good.
3	My husband enjoyed his Hawaiian burger.  The barbeque burger was Ok except the barbeque sauce was very sweet.  The server was good but was very touchy feely and kept calling me pet names like "babe" and "sweetheart" which made me uncomfortable since he was at least 15 years younger than I am.
2	Food was amazing but the service sucked. It took 20 minutes just to get our check after we were done eating and had already had to go boxes. Waitress was too interested in flirting with men at the bar then serving her customers. Would have given a lower rating but the food was good.  And we were the only people in the restaurant besides the man at the bar. Just hope you don't get the blonde tan woman who never actually gave us her name.
4	Went here for lunch when I first moved to the area.  Will agree with some of the previous reviewers to say service was slow but not anything painful.  It was just a laid back type slow, but I could see how it would get on people's nerves.  Overall both me and my moms hamburgers were good quality cooked correctly and had interesting topics.  Their fries are great!! This is trying to have a more gourmet type feel for the area and maybe people are not prepared for it.  I liked it and the atmosphere is funky.  Would definately take friends and family back.
4	We love that we have found a good burger place close to home! I had the Hawaiian turkey burger, modified slightly because I'm not a spam fan, the burger was delicious and I loved the sweet potato fries. My husband had the Mac N Chesse burger, he enjoyed his burger especially the garlic knot bun!
4	Food was great....had the Phoenix burger and it was cooked a perfectly medium as requested. Great spot to hit for a lot of food at a decent price.
5	Just returned from an excellent dinner at Charr -- our entire party of four enjoyed their burgers, and the service was gracious, efficient, and complete. I had the Turkey Burger, which was delicious and easily altered as per my requests. Instead of fries, I ordered the grilled veggies, which were perfectly done. Our waitress, Claudia, was very professional and extremely attentive. (I am glad that we did not take those negative reviews below to heart. Instead, we gave Charr a chance to prove those reviewers wrong, and we are certainly glad it did.) We look forward to returning.
5	We love this place! Great burgers, wonderful truffle fries and an awesome bar selection! Plus you can bring your dog on the patio. It's a nice, local, family-run establishment.
4	Stopped in with the kiddos today for lunch.The server/bartender had about a 1/2 dozen tables and serviced us all well. Multiple refills and check ins.The food did take a while, but not too long for a real burger and there was one guy in the kitchen doing everything. I could see straight into the kitchen and saw the guy wash his hands. I appreciate his proper hygiene.The food was very good and a good value at lunch menu prices.One kid got the battered chicken fingers, she got a nice pile. The other kid plate came with 2 nice sized sliders and fries.I am not a fan of truffle oil on fries and they get heavy handed with the truffle oil. Nobody else seemed to mind, just my personal taste. The sweet potato fries were good.
4	I don't understand why people knock charr it's the only place in north phoenix that has a great drink menu and there food is goodn
1	This place could be way more successful if it was ran with good customer service and fair menu prices, I mean come on now your 12$ Ruben doesn't come with a side . ownership it's to blame for this failing restaurant. My tab for 2 people with a few beers was just under 50$ don't get me wrong the food was good but this place could be waayyy more enjoyable
5	My wife and I ate here because we were in the mood for 'fresh' hamburgers. When we arrived on a Sunday about 6:30pm, the place was almost completely empty. This scared me a little, but there was a local NFL game starting at that time (Cardinals vs Seahawks) and, it seems, everyone was at the game. I'm told the place normally has a wait to get in.Inside, they have 4 large flat screen TVs (3 over the bar, 1 at the opposite corner) showing sports with closed captioning on (thank you!).My wife and I each ordered burgers and she had a side of the Mac and Cheese.My burger came with fries.The hamburger buns are very unique. They are like a swirled garlic bread. However, there was really no noticeable garlic taste, which is a good thing as far as I'm concerned. But each time I brought the burger up to my mouth, the aroma of garlic from the bread was quite nice.The Mac and Cheese has elbow macaroni sitting a soup of a cheese blend that is more like how 'grandma used to make' then you might expect. It was, like the burgers, exceptional.The fries are shoestring style (very thin, very crunchy) and everything tastes fresh (not frozen) and home made. The burgers are not uniform in shape or thickness, which tells me they are made by hand. Hallelujah!The service was outstanding. The staff was extremely attentive. I noticed they have a 'Vernors Pound Cake' on the desert menu. Vernor's is a drink made in Detroit (where I was born and raised). I asked if the restaurant was Detroit-inspired and was told it's actually Brooklyn, New York-inspired and they really like Vernor's Ginger Ale in New York. They also have a root beer float on the menu, so I asked the staff if they offer a Vernor's float instead. (A Vernor's float is known by folks in Detroit as a 'Boston Cooler' and its no different than a root beer float, except you substitute Vernor's for root beer.)They never heard of it before (not shocking, since no one outside of Detroit has ever heard of it) but they were more than happy to make one for me. And it was delicious!My wife thought the ice tea she ordered tasted a little off, but she didn't say anything to the staff. I have no doubt they would have made it right if she brought it to their attention. She also ordered the Vernor's Pound Cake for desert. She thought it was too rich for her liking, but it wasn't bad by any means.It appears the three restaurants beside each other are all owned and run by the same entity. There is Charr, then a pizza place (Isa's Pizza) and then a fine dining restaurant called Aiello's East Coast Italian.There were plenty of items on the menu I wanted to try, such as baby back ribs and a grilled chicken sandwich. The pizza served next door looked good and Aiello's also looks like a nice place for us to try as well.So we have four reasons to go back (try each of the other two restaurants, try other menu items at Charr, and if worse comes to worst, we would definitely go back to Charr and have REAL, fresh handmade burgers again! If I was going to open my own burger joint, this is similar to how I would do it.  There's only so many fast-food burgers one can ingest before desperately craving something that isn't factory made and doesn't require a loan to pay off. (our complete total for dinner and desert was $39 after tax. Quite reasonable and fair considering the quality and quantity of the food and the excellent service we received.)
1	Terrible service always .... They don't know how to make a medium rare burger and the owner ,Joe walks around like he cares ...total phoney ....
