1	This place simply sucks, I have been here three times and it's the same experience...the staff hate their job and therefore dealing with customers, the beef or the chicken for the hot sandwiches is always pre-cooked and saved in a fridge so they just warm it up on the hot grill, which at the end is no big deal. What  I don't understand is  why they always hire employees who look like bums, tonight I was there and they still have the girl with  tattoos and piercings all over...honestly, it doesn't look very hygienic, never mind the hostile attitude from her towards the customers, if she hates her job so much then she should quit and move on to other challenges. She seems to be annoyed by the customers, doesn't even bother to look at them when shes speaking, looks annoyed  if a customer asks what  this veggie or that condiment are, she makes the pita sandwich and dumps it (literally) on the counter. That attitude could fit if she worked at a jail or at a soup kitchen, but not in a place where customers are paying for their food. The other girl at the register is a lot friendlier and more pleasant, I must admit. The only good thing about this place is that they are downstairs and close late at night, and that is the only reason why now and then I spend my money there...other than that I'd rather go Subway, which is next door, or have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich at home.
1	I came back last night...they still have the same rude and hostile female employee...so I went next door and spent my money at the other sandwich shop...
1	Stay away from this place, the lesbian behind the counter seems to have permanent PMS, she's rude to the customers and the food is not a big deal either.
1	The rude and obnoxious female employee is gone., I hope it is for good...Woo Hoo!. The new girl is a lot friendlier...I might go back
2	The place is open, with another employee, with a bit less of an attitude
3	This place is open again...they were closed  for a few weeks in January..and yes, the woman with the tattoos is gone and a cute guy is behind the counter
3	The cute guy is gone.....the new male employee is not cute but he's friendly to the customers, which is important.
2	Pita pit is boooooring! That sums it up. It has the same concept of Subway where you can build your own sandwich but it's a pita.I opted for the chicken cesar pita, they do grill strips of chicken in front of you instead of reheating it in an oven and then they take a flat pita, open the inside pocket and stuff it with whatever toppings you'd like. Lettuce, tomato, cheese..There's not much to it, it was good,but wasn't anything great and I probably wouldn't ever go back.Du Parc area, I find so depressing, Pita Pit looks dim and dull. Just a bunch of poor students eating there wishing they could cook up a meal of their own...
2	The food is very average - the restaurant appears unclean; doesn't go with the fresh vibe you want to feel when going for something like a pita. although the staff is nice, I could never recommend someone to eat here.
