4	I am not really one to review something as simple as buying a pair of shoes but the guys here the other day really did enough to warrent me giving them so props. I came in looking for a shoe in a specific size and color that i couldnt find anywhere else. When i called on the phone they said they only had the color i wanted in the size up from what i wanted but they had it in another color in the size i wanted. they said to come in try it and if i liked it they would have it delivered to my door for the same price.Turns out that after i put some orthodics in the shoes for my flat feet i needed the larger size anyway so i was set to buy it. I had left my coupon at home however but instead of just telling me too bad so said they went above and beyond and to make it easy on me took 15% off my entire order (including socks and the shoe inserts) versus the $10 off planned (pretty much $22 bucks).They were great in helping me get the best fit, best orthotic, and the best deal.I will come shop here again based on the amazing service i got
4	Went in tonight to talk about my Nike airmax shoes that the right shoe air bubble blew out and I've only had these a couple months tried to see what I could do about it. I told the guy he felt the shoe and said pick something out that's comparable told him I didn't have the receipt, he said don't worry about it so I was like awesome new pair of shoes.  Found some I liked that were cheaper so I had $20 credit still so found some shorts, to be honest I like these pair of shoes better then my previous ones. Two thumbs up to the guy that helped me out.
5	Excellent customer service & product knowledge. The staff is friendly and solution oriented but not pushy even though they make commission. Great selection and rarely out of stock but if they are your order can be delivered to your door at no extra cost. My experience here has made Finish Line my preferred store for athletic shoes.Only problem is I have not made it out of the store spending less than $100 yet. Do not take your wife or girlfriend with you. After all.. it is a shoe store.
2	There website advertised a couple of items on sale in early December, one month later the items were still on sale so I went to the store to buy them and they were regular price.  The manager said "we've been busy and haven't had time to change the price"... 1 month later in the slow part of January, he's either a liar or the laziest manager ever!
5	Doing a lot of things right adds up. I am not sure why the rating is $$$. It is $-$$. Prices are fairly standard and mix is above average. Advice is candid and therefore can be conflicting. This is healthy and indicates different experience but integrity. It is not as if I am hearing a recording. They are good on returns but still business like.  My experience with the manager has been 5*. It is in a good location.
