3	Overall I had a fairly decent experience staying here for a night this past weekend while taking in some Oktoberfestivities. Fun Fact: did you know Kitchener has the largest Oktoberfest celebration outside of Germany in the entire world? True story!This place was visibly an older Best Western that had merely given itself a minor refresh in the main lobbies and the guest rooms. While I didn't really see much of a difference in the hotel itself I felt that the little touches in the guest rooms were done quite well.The beds were extremely comfortable, adorned with 4 of the most amazing pillows (very close to those I've used at various 4-5 star hotels in Toronto and in other major cities). I slept like a little drunkin baby (if babies got drunk that is). Best of all was the fact that the rooms/bathrooms were clean and smoke free. Couple of crummy spots about this place were for one that the parking is a tad wonky as you need to circle the building to get to parking on the left side of the building, a tad inconvenient. Also I found that although they had put so much effort into remodeling parts of this hotel and put a large effort into making it smoke free environment, the former stench of cigarette smoke was deeply embedded into the hallways and carpets. Very unpleasant every time you walk out of your room. Your stay does include a complimentary breakfast, which was for all intents and purposes is a glorified Continental breakfast. Boiled eggs and costco style shrivled sausages were the differentiators. The one nice thing was the DIY Waffle station which is what made the breakfast worth while. Would have been happy to go elsewhere for breakfast but this was OK. Manage your expectations. Not bad at all - thank goodness the beds were so amazing. However I don't feel this place was worth the $140+ for the night. Little bit aggressive for a 2-2.5 trip advisor  rated place. My star rating falls inline with that.... strong 2.5 but well round it to a 3.Would I return? In a pinch sure - if there weren't nicer options in a comparable price range. Good for a sleep. FREE WIFI and FREE PARKING15/30
4	I'll admit it. I'm a Best Western fanboy. When out of town, my girlfriend and I have always opted for the pricier hotels, to guarantee a nice clean place and a good experience, but lately we've found ourselves going more and more with Best Western. Their prices are always very cheap, the rooms spotless, the service impeccable, and with complimentary breakfast to boot. Their Waterloo location is no exception.Their free wifi gave us no issues, and the room was relaxing, with a terrific bed. The parking lot is strangely designed, but once you exit the first time, it makes sense in a maniacal sort of way. The hotel was also smack in the middle of where we needed to go, so it was perfect.Good job as always, Best Western.
2	So so
3	Good clean rooms. Friendly staff and nearby food. Only gave a 3 star seeing as the area isn't that great and the rooms have nothing that's above and beyond. This hotel has easy access to the 401 as well as the highway 7/8 It's kind of confusing getting in and out of the hotel as it's a one way but isn't clearly marked. Recommended for business travellers or any sports tournaments.
