4	I'm repainting an entire house... little paint chips sometimes just don't do it.  Flip thru the PB catalog and paint colors are listed, but also you can go to their stores (inclu the PB Kids next door), and the walls itself will identify which paint color from Benjamin Moore they are using.  The stores also have the current season's paint fan decks, free for the taking.Awesomeness.
3	after my horrible experience at the other pottery barn, i called here unwilling to give up. not only did drew mention that the line of sausalito dishes i was returning  are a known issue, but this was actually the 2nd set he returned just this week and it is their most returned item.  hmmmso this employee didn't assume i was trying to get new dishes for the holidays, he took care of me and was super helpful in assisting me find quality dishes. obviously, the moral of the story is to work with a male. females are beyotches.
4	Quite possibly my favorite Pottery Barn in the valley. First, it's easy in, and easy out. You can park fairly close and NOT have to trek all thru the mall, when what you really came for is right there in the PB store! I live in the Biltmore area and instead of going to closer PB stores, I make the drive over to Chandler to go to this one. The staff is friendly and helpful. I purchased a floor sample wing chair for my sitting room, for example, and they loaded it into my little German trunk and wrapped it in plastic, roped it and even told me a good cleaner that would come to my home and take off the 'floor dust' . How could I resist? It was the perfect cozy chair at more than 2/3 off the original price! IF there is something in the catalog that you see and want, they will order and have it sent to your home and once even to my place in DC! I even got a 'new homeowners' 20% discount to go with! I'm always a fan of PB...and I love the sale section!
1	Unfortunately, the first time I walked into this store, I was "greeted" by nasty stares from the employees. After 10 minutes of walking around the store I decided I would wait at the desk for assistance with registry for my wedding. I waited five minutes, had about 3-4 employees walk by without saying a word and no help. I was so unsettled by this, I felt like I was invisible! I am never one to complain, so I decided to give this store a try again today while I was at the mall. Once again, I walk in, no greeting, no smiles, and worst of all after even asking for help, I was ignored!! I am younger, and do not know if the employees thought I would just be "wasting" their time by trying to help me and never make a sale, or if they were simply just lazy. Either way I was astonished by the behavior and attitudes I received.
4	I l - o - v e  this place.  However, I'm talking about all Pottery Barns.  I love their style; it's classic with a a rich feel; there's lots of textural elements, and they have a few things that are "found", and one of a kind . and it's a place where I go to take a break from my flea market treasure hunting.  I've been to this particular shop only a few times and I have never had a problem with sales people.  Honestly though, I like to browse without someone hovering over me like a shadow ,hoping I'll buy something.  Yes, the prices are high and that is the ONLY reason I've given it four and not five stars.  But hey, the sales are the best and I can still look on ebay for their stuff.  If you want to see an amazing amount of unique things for your home, visit this place.
3	The Easter themed decorations here are adorable! I was mainly here for the furniture though, and saw the 30% off Pearce sofas sign displayed prominently at the entrance. I browsed around, and liked a few of the styles, but couldn't find a sample of the Pearce. After asking an associate, it turns out that they had sold their sample and wouldn't get another one in for weeks! I asked them how long the sale would go on for, and they were uncertain that the sample sofa would come in before the sale ended. How am I supposed to buy your expensive furniture if you don't have a sample for me to try, and before your sale ends?
3	We've been to this location a couple of times now and each time we are lured in by all of the nice items that they have and wonderful decorating ideas they offer. We love to browse through here and debate how we will decorate our house when we buy one.  Both times we have been here we can tell that the staff isn't really all that interested in helping us out. We've been greeted, but that's about as far as it's gone.  Unfortunately we've gotten some pretty judgmental looks and vibes off the staff here, which is not the case at the others we have gone to around the rest of the greater Phoenix area. The setup and feel of the place is very much like other locations - very rustic and charming with a little bit of modern to keep it relevant to the times.  I love all of their holiday / seasonal items and the new nautical line they offer is really nicely done!Overall: B-When we do end up purchasing bigger ticket items, once we are settled into a house, it most likely won't be from this location...
3	Wasn't planning on spending anything here, just looking around for ideas and inspiration.  I left wishing I could afford even a little bit of that luxury!Christmas is my favorite time of the year.  Not so much the material/consumerism aspects of the season, but the reuniting of families, the delightful foods that come into play, and even the cool (AZ) weather, among other things.  The furniture, bedding linens, and decor represented in Pottery Barn reminded me of the security and happiness of Christmases past, both here in the US and back home (Philippines), as well as during my adult life up and down the east coast and in super-chilly Chicago.  I also love my bed, so draping it with fine, soft linens and warm duvets is an indulgence I do try to cultivate, but I wish I could afford even more opulence!  How I would LOVE to have a silk channel quilt keep me warm and happy and my bed a sight to behold, or a faux brown bear oversized throw and matching pillow covers to remind me of cool summer nights back in the timeshare lodges in Baguio, Philippines...  Love the cozy sherpa and cozy (faux) fur robes and matching slippers!  They're 15% off online right now, and monogramming is an extra $8.50.  I'm thinking of getting one for my Mom- I think she'll appreciate it.  :)
