2	LT was awesome yet Dwayne his father in law who answers the phone could take of few classes in phone ettiquette.....really had bad impression from first contact just from how rude he was on phone....if my home warranty hadn't set up an arrangement I would of never used them, but the actual service with LT was the opposite experience
5	I have a rental house in tempe that need regular AC services yearly because the a/c is really old.  I also have home warranty like MP that set me up with Young's Mobile.  I tell you what.  I had use another company before this and they did no where near the job that Young did!!  The other company over charge me and still did not get it right.  Then I decide to get home warranty due to that experiences.  Young came in and fix everything right the first time.  That was 6 years ago.  The home warranty sent me other company over the year to fix my ac but none was exceptional as Young.  I am a long time customer of Young's.  As a landlord, I need good, honest, services for all my maintenance because it is even more costly to fix a rental house because your tenants does not take care of your house as good as you.  I am very happy to have Young's Mobile AC on my team. LT is the best isn't he?!!  Dwayne's manner is like a New Yorker, very honestly and frank.  I can see why some of  you may take it the wrong way.  They are a very small company and it can be very busy for them at time like the summer.  But his honesty and exception repair job at great price are better than some sweet talker that ain't worth the minutes that he just made me waste talking to him on my cell.It is kind of funny that 2 people complained about the phone manner but love LT's service.  No one complain about price or the repair.  I hope that everyone that read this realized that.  If you have not find a great AC person, I would highly recommend Young's.  I used him on my own house and my office when its AC went out.   And I do recommend them to all my friends.
1	Terrible company to refer to.  The owner, Dwayne Johnson is a very disrespectful man who does not value or have patience for his customers.  When I asked him about the date of which the air conditioner will be complete, he had an attitude with his response no matter how nice you asked the question.  When speaking about my elderly grandma and how she has to suffer from Arizona's heat due to the air conditioning being broke, he stated "There are a lot of old people in Arizona, you just gotta deal with the heat for now".  There was no empathy at all.  Unbelievable how rude this man was.  My parents' first language was not English and when they asked him questions or asked him to explain it again he stated "I already explained this to you six times along with the two other people in your household.  I don't have time to explain this to you again".  I do not understand how this business is still going but I hope one day karma shows Dwayne what he is messing with.  I would never recommend this company to anyone personally. How can you even operate a business without valuing the customers who are the ones helping you support your business.  Dwayne treats his customers very ignorant, rude, close-mindedness.
