3	This little place plays mostly techno/clubby music to cater to the crowd.  The crowd is youngish and mostly Caucasian.  It was an enjoyable place I think.  Dance floor was kind of small, but there is an outdoor balcony attached to it.  I'd say to stop on by if you're in the 18-24 crowd.They entice you with $3 mixed rail drinks before 1230, but they come in the smallest little glasses ever.  What can you ask for though for $3.
1	This was the worst going out experience I have ever had, for the following five reasons:(1) Upon arrival, the owner and a bouncer were removing a disorderly woman from the club. In the scuffle, I was shoved against the wall and stepped on by the owner (short guy with a mohawk). No apology was provided.(2) I paid the fee and checked my coat (mandatory coat check) inside my friend's bookbag. He left early, and I attempted to put my coat with another friend's. The coat check woman was unbelievably rude and demanded I pay again, despite having already paid. I tried to dispute the point; another friend of mine offered her the money in my stead. She refused the money and had the owner throw me out.(3) My friend did not receive his coat after handing the bouncer his voucher. When he realized he did not have his coat, he was told that he would have to return at 3:15 to retrieve it after the club had closed. At the time, it was 1:20. When we pointed out to the bouncer that this meant freezing in the cold for two hours, he merely laughed and pointed at the space heaters, saying, "That sucks for you."(4) After unsuccessfully attempting to get the coat, we walked away. As we left, the owner and bouncers clearly said to one another, "Fucking French, they're so fucking cheap."(5) At 3:15, when we went to retrieve the coat, my friend saw the same coat check woman rummaging through the pockets. He immediately said, "That's it! That's my coat!" She responded, "How do I know it's your coat?" My friend said that he had a silver iPod nano in the pocket. The woman visibly removed the iPod, then told my friend, "There's no iPod here." When he pointed out that it was in her hand, she looked embarrassed and handed it over. In other words, the people that worked at this place were indescribably rude, unprofessional, and borderline criminal. I was physically assaulted, verbally abused, and my friend was almost robbed by the staff at this place. Do not go here. Ever.
2	$3 mixed drinks got us in.  The empty bar, techno music and lack of anyone else made us leave after our first drink.Walked by later.  Place was packed with girls sitting around and a bunch of dudes turning it out to Rihanna on the dance floor...not that there's anything wrong with that.
2	SMALL dance floor and everyone was smushed together (but at least they looked like they were having a good time).  Music was pretty good (mostly Top 40 hits).  They had $3 mixed drink specials until midnight.  This spot definitely attracts a younger crowd though (and by younger, I mean 18-21 range).  Bartender could not hear me and gave me the wrong drink twice.  (Might be language barrier or the loud music).  We did not stay long here since everyone was probably 4-5 years younger than us and we weren't enthusiastic about joining what we will call "The Sweat Pit."No fee for us to enter and they barely checked my ID.
1	LIARS! Stay FAR FAR away from this place! Myself and 3 other friends came to Montreal for their 2014 New Years Eve party. We bought tickets a month in advance because we knew clubs were going to be busy and didn't want to take the risk of them selling out. Each ticket was 30$ from clubzone.com (before processing fees), and the club "advertised" open bar from 9pm - 12 am.  Once we got inside the club, and ordered drinks, the bartenders were demanding 1$ per drink! My friends and I were extremely confused because the club advertised open bar from 9pm - 12 am, AND SAID NOTHING ABOUT PAYING 1$ FOR DRINKS BETWEEN THIS TIME SLOT! THIS WAS NOT A TRUE OPEN BAR! Okay, some of you might think "Well, it's only 1$..." which is true, but we payed money in advance expecting an open bar, and this is what really got under our skin. On top of that, they were only accepting CASH and of course, I had none on me, since I was NOT EXPECTING to pay for drinks, and I never carry cash around anyway. To top this all off, the drinks were the stringiest drinks I've ever been given at a club. I was expecting smaller drinks because it was open bar, and the club needs to make money. But the drinks were literally in plastic cups that were maybe 3x bigger than a shot glass and the bartenders were giving made 1/3 of a shot per drink. Since my friends and I already drove all the way up and there (300 + miles from Massachusettes) and there was no chance of us getting our money back since the club owner would have laughed in our face if we even asked, we decided to suck it up and deal with it because we didn't want our night to be compromised because of a scummy club. So, in the end I ended up spending 30$ in drinks on top of the 30$ i payed for tickets.That 60$ could have gotten me into a way nicer club with a true open bar.If all the clubs in Montreal shut down, and this was the only one open, I wouldn't even blink at revisiting this place. Club XO is sketchy, dishonest and a complete rip off. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!
3	Everything about this club was very small from the "VIP area" to the elevated stage. There were a fair amount of creeper guys here. I will give this place the benefit of the doubt because we came on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend and we were told afterwards that people don't really go out on Sundays. They played all latino/reggaeton hits which was fun and their drinks were really cheap! $3 before midnight I believe and then $4 after midnight.
1	This bar emulates a sweet 16. Drinks are not very good and a group of middle aged men usually hang out in the corner harassing women. The music played here is pop/house music and the neon lights are obnoxious. This club should be a last result!! Pls love yourself
