5	I called Excellence in Dentistry after finding them on google and they were the only dentist willing to do a free "smile makeover" consultation instead of having to pay $40 other dentists were demanding.   I worked with Tina and Dr. Hill.  I was seen immediately after arriving quite early, the staff was incredibly professional, but still warm and friendly.  None of that judgement for having some plaque you get at some dentists.  They were extremely understanding of my financial situation and gave me multiple options to fit my budget.  After we decided on the option I was able to get in for a cosmetic bonding procedure just one week after my initial consult.  At that appointment the staff remembered my name, details and were all very friendly.  The procedure was extremely quick and they were very careful to ensure my comfort.  If you request it they can even provide scented candles and other comforting elements to make sure you have an comfortable appointment.  The stain that was on my tooth is now covered with their cosmetic bonding procedure and, as cheesy as it sounds, I have had an enormous confidence boost.
4	Went back in to have the work looked at and I really felt like the dentist either wasn't listening or didn't care because he wasn't getting paid for the service.  Sad times.  Still would recommend the place very highly though.
4	Couple different thoughts here ... When my 8 year old chipped her touch on the sidewalk ...Dr Jim Hill was awesome. I did not deal with the issues directly although my wife did. After 13 years, I am getting better at listening to her and reading her. I can tell you that the service she and my daughter had that evening was powerful. Other times, yes, I would agree with a another review where the business may not listen well, clearly having a agenda that is not the clients. If they hit the clients needs often, it is because they do have things in place based on some listening and trends in the industry. So that is good. That said, about 95% of the businesses I visit are like not listening well ...I would hope we do better at our business at listening ...that is a huge goal of our D Angels. We'll be staying at Excellence in Dentistry ...and welcome any listening done!
5	I see Dr.  Batchelor as my regular dentist. He is awesome. He's gentle, competent, and very caring. I have gotten first rate service from everyone I've dealt with at his office. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
