5	If you did not know any better, you would think that Point State Park (name notwithstanding) is a city park that is Pittsburgh's front yard.  Well, it is a wonderful park.  Besides, how many other cities have a state park right in the heart of Downtown?Point State Park has been closed for awhile now for re-construction.  The good news is that the city side of the park is now open! This includes the city-side lawn, portal bridge, overlook area and access to the pedestrian walkway to the North Shore. They have done a lot of  upgrades including a new lawn, new irrigation, drainage and electrical systems; pathways, landscaping, benches and lighting; vendor hookups; a new stage pad; and renovations to the reflecting pool.Located between the Three Rivers and the Fort Pitt and Fort Duquesne Bridges, Point State Park is an urban oasis.  The actual point has a 150' fountain.   Did you know that there is actually a 4th river at the Point?  That's right!  An underground river feeds the Fountain, which is actually an aerator.  I love to come here on my lunch hour sometimes, even though it's a bit of a hike, and de-stress.  It's wonderful to read a book here, or sit and watch the highway, river, and rail traffic go by.  The only other city I know of with a "front yard" is Chicago with its Grant Park.
4	I bet this place rocks in the summer time.  Of course it was slightly depressing, cold and quiet on my recent winter visit, but I could see all of its potential, and the view year round is pretty great from what I could see!  I loved the views of the river and beyond, the stadiums, etc.  I would love to come here again in the summer when the fountain is flowing and the place is bustling with happy park-goers!
5	what a lovely little place. I came here in the midpoint of a sunday jog and was blown away by how charming this place is. Heinz stadium and the downtown skyline leap out of the horizon and two rivers become one right before your eyes. Meanwhile, boats meander by and children play in the enormous fountain that sits at the center. if you haven't been, you should go. it's maybe my favorite place in pittsburgh right now.
5	This place is such a Pittsburgh landmark.. (wow, doing all of these pittsburgh reviews kind of makes me homesick...) It has a huge, wonderful fountain and it is right at the point where the 2 rivers turn into one. You can bike around near the water, watch the boats go by, have picnics, family get togethers, impromptu games of soccer and frisbee... The pittsburgh arts fest is there every year, soooo many festivals are centered around The Point... There is even a Fort Pitt museum at the point. :)This reminds me, I think its time for a trip home to visit!!
3	BRING THE FOUNTAIN BACK!! It's taken away the most beautiful part of the park! It's funny to me because I always see pictures with the fountain in it and....wah wah...it's not even working! They remodeled the whole park and just opened it back up last summer.  I remember before they remodeled, concerts used to be inside the park instead of on the outside corner. Rumor has it they didn't want hundreds of people trampling on the lawn. But, isn't that kinda sorta what a park is about? I think it's great they repaved the trail around the park because it had been falling apart. And pardon me for being anti-preservationist, but I'm glad they took the ditch (ditch being some sort of fort from back in the day) out of the front of the park. I can't imagine how many people accidentally fell in. I will say the good things are The Three Rivers Arts Festival  and Regatta held there. Yay for the chicken on a stick booth! Good things number two is the concerts during the summer, even if I don't like the location. And most importantly good things number three is that we have a park in the city! I wouldn't call it the Central Park of Pittsburgh (that's more reserved for Schenley Park) but it's a nice little back. BUT BRING BACK THE FOUNTAIN!
4	I've been to Pittsburgh twice, once in 2007 and and another time last Summer. Unfortunately I haven't been able to get up close to both the point where the 3 rivers meet and the huge fountain in that area. If that was open and I was able to stand at the Point of Three Rivers I'm pretty sure it would be a 5 star experience. I saw the fountain in 2007 from across the river by the Steelers stadium as well as from atop Mt Washington and thought it looked magnificent. However just as I was going to head over there it was turned off for the night, the 2nd time I was here that area was closed off for restoration of the fountain.Hopefully by the time I'm in Pittsburgh again the fountain area will be open. However even without that this is a neat place, and on my last trip I wen't inside the Historic "Block House" in the park. and was blown away by the interior. How on Earth it's possible for such a small appearing building from the outside to look so spacious on the inside is fascinating. The space has inspired me, really cool and it's free.
4	Just a cool place to hang out when the weather is nice, laying on the lawn, sitting on the benches by the river, or biking along the shore. I like how they've redone the vegetation.  Both the Blockhouse and the Ft Pitt Museum are pretty amazing.  Plus the Three Rivers Arts Festival is cool.  Now when are they going to fix the fountain and bring the Fourth of July celebration back to the Point?
3	During my time in Pittsburgh, I couldn't help but be impressed at how pretty the city actually was. In fact, it reminded me a lot of my hometown of Cincinnati with all the bridges and water. Hearing good things about Point State Park, we decided to check it out, hoping to get some good views of the landscape.From what we saw, the park seemed like a pretty nice green space, with areas for hanging out and paths for bike riding, running, or walking. Unfortunately, the actual point of the park with the fountain was closed for what looked like some sort of construction. It may have also been because of the season, considering we visited in January. Although the park is not big by any means big, it is still worth checking out if you are staying in the downtown area, or just have some time to kill. Hopefully on my next visit the point will actually be open to the public. It would be pretty cool to stand on the very point where the two different rivers connect to form the Ohio!
3	We were down in the area for the arts festival and the park toward the point was all torn up and under construction. Not sure what's going on there but hopefully it will be an improvement.
4	I walked over here from the Hyatt - across the bridge. It is a very nice peaceful place in the evening. You can sit on the steps leading down to the water or in various green areas. There is a big field area to play sport in and a little cafe nearby all just in front of the Wyndham hotel in downtown. You can walk all around right by the water except currently you cannot go on the point or see the fountain as there is construction here. It still makes for a good view of North Shore and the stadiums and the incline. I recommend walking over the bridge and checking out the view from the other side as well - the view of downtown is really nice especially when all lit at night. The walk is not far even if it may look it from your map app. If I lived here this is an area I would love to frequent. Being your bike if you have one.
4	I love any and all green space.  I like that this is the site for the Pittsburgh's Arts festival I love the water spout at the point where all three rivers meet I am sure there's nothing else like at anywhere. I need the warm weather to return so I can catch a breeze dahn @t the point.
4	Probably one of the smallest state parks you will see but it is a cool place to hang out.    The park is usually pretty uncrowded even on nice days which is great if you just want to go and read a book, take a walk on your lunch break, of even run around and play some sports.Where there are events, expect the park to be packed.  I highly recommend watching the 4th of July fireworks from there.The park is home to Pittsburgh's famous fountain (that just got turned back on) that erupts up at the point where the three rivers meet.  A view of downtown just is not complete unless it is on.
5	What a cool park. Located right downtown, this greenspace gives you great views of the city, as well as all of the bridges over the Allegheny and Monogahela. I came on a beautiful early summer day and tons of people were out by the fountain, and tons more on their boats moored up alongside the walkway that goes all along the river. It is a very peaceful place, and a great way to see some of the architecture of the city. A definite must-stop if you are going to Pittsburgh for the first time.
5	The fountain is back and the water fountain by the big fountain works too.There are public bathrooms right near the fountains too and pretty damn clean.Yay!
5	I'm so thankful that the fountain is back! Sometimes i'll pack my lunch for work & head down there to enjoy it. It's also a great place to hang out on a hot day, because when the wind blows a certain direction, the fountain mists you!
5	This is a really nice spacious park you'd never think was in the heart of the city. I'd like to come here when there's fewer people around. It's probably more peaceful. They have also renovated it a bit. I'd never been here before until July 4th.
4	Great park for a date!!!Come here at night and during the day, the fountain is beautiful.  There is a public bathroom and it's clean.Just a great place to relax and enjoy the Pittsburgh waterfront views of the bridges, heinz field etc.The fountain closes at like 11PM so come before that time or you will miss it.
4	I love this park!  The Point is on 36 acres "acquired" through eminent domain from industrial companies back in the 1950's.  This area is rich in history, forts once stood here, and it was a major battlefield.  It's interesting to learn about their role in the French & Indian War and the American Revolution.During the early days of Pittsburgh, the Point was the hub for industry.  By the 1930s it was occupied by warehouses and railroad yards. Search the web for pictures of the Point way back when.  Not a pretty sight.  In 1945, the area was even worse due to World War II and the Great Depression. The total assessed property value in the Golden Triangle was at a record low and falling. During World War II, federal and local authorities decided to create a park to commemorate the site's history.  Pittsburgh department store owner,  Edgar Kaufmann became chair person of a committee to look into the Point Park.  Kaufmann wanted a plan for that was more urban and developed than others were imagining. He was a supporter of Pittsburgh CLO and wanted to provide it with a permanent building. He brought in Frank Lloyd Wright, who designed Fallingwater.  Plans for Point Park Civic Center fell through and the site was turned into a park.  Areas adjoining the park were condemned to permit commercial development, including Gateway Center.The Fort Pitt blockhouse remains intact, and three of the five bastions of the fort have been restored. The state acquired almost all property for the site by 1949, at a cost of $7,588,500 and the park and fountain was finally completed in August 1974.  The blockhouse is the only intact remnant of Fort Pitt. It was built in 1764 and is believed to be the oldest building in Western Pennsylvania. It was used for many years as a house.  It was purchased and has been preserved by the Daughters of the American Revolution, who open it to the public.The park also includes the outlines and remains of two of the oldest structures in Pittsburgh, Fort Pitt and Fort Duquesne. The Fort Pitt Museum commemorates the French and Indian War (1754-63). The park is a registered National Historic Landmark and is operated by the Pennsylvania Bureau of State Parks.  Point State Park is so much more than just a place to watch the Regatta or walk your dog.  When you are here, you are standing on history.
4	What can I say that has not already been said, this park is open remodeled home to the most awesome fountain in the city. Lots of events happen yearly here, its where the Pittsburgh marathon ends, home to the arts fest. It is easily accessible by foot, bicycle, car, stork, kayak and train. Ok maybe not train. It has great views of the North shore and Mount Washington. Bladee Blah none of that even matters because right now there is a huge rubber ducky down there. As part of a visiting art exhibit, he is wise he is awesome, he is the star of Point State Park and he won't be there long. Oh he has only been here a few nights but Imagine everything he gets to see! Ask him anything.... will the pirates keep winning? Will the Steelers ever start to win again? Did that swerving speed boat get out of the way before that coal barge hit it? How many kayaks peppered the river today? Go ahead make his day. He looks pretty cool through the fountain mist as well.
4	Point State Park is a great place to enjoy the outdoors. There is lots of seating along the water, new bathrooms and water fountains. Overall, a fantastic renovation by DCNR. I'm proud to show off this gem to visitors from out of town!
5	This is a great distraction from the hustle and bustle of city life.  Also it is just enough of wilderness to indulge in, but close enough to get back to your life if you need to run back to it.It's awesome to be able to just sit along the waterfront and read a book, or even just to stare off into space as the hours run away from you.  There are a ton of things you can do when you are down here.  Go to a museum, check out the Block House, run the trails, ride a bike, eat at a cafe, lay on the lawn in the sun...the possibilities are endless here.  And with the fountain's renovation complete, who could resist being hit by that mist as you bask in the sun?Every time I am in the downtown area, I attempt to make it over here, even if it is to stand at the underpass and throw coins in the pond.  It's quite relaxing and this park has some of the best views of the city.How appropriate is it that I start out my Yelp Challenge with one of Pittsburgh's outdoor venue (zoo) and end it with another outdoor venue, and one as amazing as this place.
5	The thirty six acre park, generally regarded as the front yard of Pittsburgh, is home to the Point Park Fountain. Formerly a railroad yard, and site of both Fort Duquesne and Fort Pitt, this is also where the Fort Pitt Blockhouse and Fort Pitt Museum are located. The Three Rivers Arts Festival and Three Rivers Regatta are held here as well.
5	Only for the duck.It really would be a nice place to spend an afternoon. The views of the rest of the city, stadiums, and the inclines are spectacular. The fountain is charming, and the places to hang out are great. Best of all, it's clean. A real gem of the city.
4	During a recent weekend, I was drawn to Point State Park for the same reason as the hordes of tourists who found themselves here - the four-story tall Rubber Duck art installation. The duck was such as important item on our itinerary that we came here on two consecutive days, first day shortly after landing and the next night after a dinner downtown. If you are arriving the park the first time by car like me, I would strongly suggest you find parking a few blocks away and then walk over. That's because a wrong turn could easily take you across either of the two rivers (which actually happened to me). The park was quite clean and well-kept; it seemed recently renovated. You get gorgeous river views as well as views of Mt. Washington on the South Side and Heinz Stadium on the North Side. The fountain was just as lively as advertised. Maybe it was the extra security that was in placed with the Rubber Duck in town, but visiting the park after 10 pm felt surprisingly safe. Families and couples were still flocking there after dark.
4	This park is a good place to visit if you want to get an amazing view of the Pirates and Steelers stadiums, a great view of downtown, a pleasant place to play some ball with friends, or somewhere to simply run around and hit up the downtown Pittsburgh attractions nearby. I was disappointed, however, that I did not see the big duck that a lot of the reviewers have remarked upon when I visited. Where did the big duck go? Regardless, its a great spot to just relax among the hustle and bustle of downtown Pittsburgh.
5	Point State Park is one of the most peaceful spots in Pittsburgh. As a person who grew up never having much reason to go to a park, since my backyard pretty much qualified, it helps remind me that city people can love nature too. Little kids still love to play in water, whether it's in a creek behind your house or in a big fountain. Everyone you see has a smile on their face because they're there solely to relax and enjoy the day.It's such a tranquil place, with big shady walkways with benches, a path down by the river's edge, the great big spectacular fountain, and plenty of places to just kick back, feel the grass between your toes, and soak up the sun.
5	Beautiful view of the sunset at three rivers. I take my daughter for a walk daily at the park, too bad there are no children activities here but we still love the view.
5	I'm from Philly, so Philly over Pitt right?! But this park doe...it really boosts Pittsburgh's points!!!I visited for the first time a couple weeks ago, not knowing what to expect and frustrated from the confusing drive (there are so many bridges and turns in Pittsburgh!!!). The park vanquished all of my worries in life! So green, so fresh, so open.The fountain is simply incredibly. I can only compare it to Philly's Love Park fountain, and please Point State Park fountain takes the cake. It is clean, majestic, and right on the harbor. Dip your feet in and watch all the activity around the water -- it's a treat!
5	This park is a really awesome way to spend an afternoon.   We grabbed some sandwiches at Primanti's and laid out our blanket under a tree in the grass near the fountain.   The view was great and the grounds were well-tended.  We also opened a bottle of wine (pretty sure you aren't allowed to do that, so bring something to disguise it).  Park police come by pretty frequently to ensure order, but it really wasn't needed.   I'd absolutely go back, and add a football or Frisbee to my stash of stuff to bring.
5	Who doesn't enjoy strolling through Point State Park during the summer, just to enjoy the breeze and fountain? I definitely enjoy doing that, and I love this part of the city. Over the last few years I've developed a new appreciation for Point State Park. It wasn't that I didn't enjoy visiting it before; even as a kid I remember enjoying the various concerts and art shows and festivals that took place around this location. The new appreciation, however, has come about as I've matured and begun to feel more pride for my city than I did when I was younger. That, and having somewhere so enjoyable near my work location and downtown is a huge plus during the summer!I really like that Point State Park offers a great place to take a break from busy downtown. The greenery and outdoorsy feel it offers is quite relaxing, even though it's super close to the downtown area. Over the last few years it's also gotten a lot of TLC that's improved the aesthetic landscape and made the area more accessible. The work on their trails and additional seats were particularly helpful, because just like the downtown area Point State Park can get pretty hopping at times, especially during the summer arts festival. Gallery Crawls will also attract large crowds since people kind of shuffle back and forth between Point State Park and the cultural district during the event. The Fort Pitt Museum and The Blockhouse - both significant parts of Pittsburgh's history - are located in this area as well, and I know sometimes the events based out of these spots can bring in big crowds, too.You can probably tell reading this that the biggest reason to visit Point State Park for locals is to catch an on-site event of some sort. It's admittedly not the place I go to just enjoy a park (Schenley and North Park are my go-to's for that), but it is still a gorgeous place that I enjoy being in, even if I'm just strolling through. And while I don't hang out here as often during the fall and winter, the gorgeous foliage and eventual holiday decorations you can see here are also worth the look. All in all I think this spot is a very beautiful area that has a lot to offer to people who appreciate its atmosphere. And I certainly know what I appreciate the most: the fact that just looking at Point State Park and the Point Park Fountain makes me think, "I'm in Pittsburgh, and it's good to be here!"
