4	working out in the gyle industrial estate, i've not got too many options when i need to do some last minute shopping.  thankfully there is the gyle and even more thankfully there is a massive marks & spencers there as well!now before i go any further in this review i need to admit to something rather embarrassing.  see, i had been back to see my family in the states and when packing my case for my return, i managed to forget to pack my bras and knickers (really who does that??) and when i arrived in edinburgh i was left with the bra i was wearing and a few pairs of knickers in my chest of drawers.  so cue marks & spencers to the rescue!!i went in during my lunch hour and was pleased to see the place wasn't too busy.  the lingerie department has a pretty massive selection of bras and pants so i was able to find a variety of bras that i thought suited me.  after a quick try on, where the fitting room staff were super friendly and carried my items to the fitting room, i was set to pay.  as i was about to pay i remembered i also needed tights, usefully located next to the tills, so picked up a pair of those as well.i made a quick stop in the food hall to grab something for lunch and the place was packed.  however as the food hall is huge and they had loads of tills open it wasn't long til i had all my purchases in hand and was heading back to the bus.so this marks & spencers is definitely one of the top in edinburgh!  i found more selection than the edinburgh shop and it feels much more spacious even though it's in a smaller area.  i know i'll be back for any other emergency shopping trips.
5	For this visit I had to get a shirt for the other half.  On arrival it was nice and quiet, it was about 10am ish - so not long opened either.  The store is well lit and laid out.  Within five minutes i was able to find the shirts and get the size and pay for the shirt..  That's how I roll - in and out particularly when it comes to the other half's shopping!  I found the size instantly - it was nice and tidy where i found it too!I like this store as it has the best selection out of the stores  in and around Edinburgh.
