4	BEST MALL FOOD @AuntieAnnes Pretzels Hard to believe another 1st to Review!!?!!Great pretzels, Cheap,filling and flavorful snack for on the go at any mall.Don't forget to get a lemonade too.I like them all but I tried the Sour Cream & Onion this time since I had a FREE coupon I won on Twitter.Great Stuff but I still like the Pepperoni Pizza Pretzel & the Pretzel Dog.
1	Walking through the mall, sometimes you want one of those soft pretzels with dipping sauces they are serving up.On this particular occasion, we ordered the sour cream and onion pretzel with the nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, a garlic pretzel with nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, and a pretzel dog.I can't remember much else because within 15 minutes of finishing, I was in search of the ladies' room.  Stomach cramps, chills, and the sweats...ran to the toilet and out it went.  Bad cheese, perhaps?(I do still visit other pretzel locations when I'm at the mall, this so happens to be the only time I visited this Auntie Anne's location.)
5	I love love love their huge unsalted (and cinnamon sugar) pillowy soft delicious pretzels. I am a big fan of soft (and hard, for that matter) pretzels- great snacks unless they have too much butter. I just don't like salt too much. Pretzels can be a healthy alternative to other mall choices provided it's not soaked in salt and butter. The other pretzel companies try to outdo Auntie Anne's but I really don't think that they can. Jeez, craving one as I am typing up my review. Participant in the Passport Booklet (free to AAA members or VIP Premium Outlets Members; get it at the customer service desk at the very front of the center). A few small tables in the middle of the aisle outside the store provided.
2	I didn't like the free samples and I should have just walked away. However, there isn't much for quick snacks at the Premium Outlets that you don't have to stand in a long line for. A pretzel and a pretzel dog later, my stomach wished I had just went else where. I guess it's not for everyone - and that everyone is me. If you disagree, that's ok - you can have them all for yourself
2	Over priced.
2	The food was good. I was just really annoyed with the customer service provided. The shift leader, Diamond, took long pauses during my transaction to speak to her friend that was in line behind me about some work drama. Apparently someone filed a complaint about her and she felt it was necessary to deal with that first.. People who conduct business like that shouldn't be in management positions..
1	The pretzels didn't look so fresh, and the shift leader has an attitude.
3	For some reason the pretzels here are not as good as the ones at other malls I've been to. Also since this location is in a busy outlet mall, there is always a line and sometimes the line is out the door. They have a pretzel stand location near parking garage B that has limited options but does not have a line. I would recommend going there if you just want a pretzel or lemonade and don't require a full menu of items
3	Don't judge me, but I love carbs!! Especially when they come in the form of warm, soft delicious pretzels!! I work literally 20 seconds away from this location so it's hard not to come here everyday. You can smell the goodness baking from outside and since they are always busy, you know that your pretzel is going to be fresh. The factors that are making this review a 3 star instead of a 4 or 5? I'm not ok with paying $3 for a piece of bread pretty much. That's more than an entire loaf of bread at the grocery store. Another thing, the wait times are ridiculous. You can be in line for over 10 minutes since there are always so many people. The employees are super unprofessional and not so nice. But whatever. I love carbs and despite all the negatives, my fat butt will be back to fulfill my cravings.
1	Worst service ever. Buy 2 pretzel and large drink and get free pretzel, and display pretzel cups and don't honor that such false advertisement. Not a happy customer. Then they start arguing and getting defensive. If I could not give a star I would. They need to fix this. Use a pretzel picture instead of the pretzel cup
1	Just like earlier reviews , I received an attitude and bad service. Don't want to honor my card and after I downloaded my apps, don't want to do it.  If there is a lower star than 1, I'd happily give it to them
