4	I thought this place was pretty damn good. We were actually trying to eat someplace else and ended up here because the sushi place we wanted to go to wasn't open for lunch. I'm glad we stumbled in here. I think it suffers because of its location in the forum shops; I'm sure they get very little foot traffic walking by. Good drinks, very good chips and salsa and guac, and the enchiladas, tacos, and quesadillas were all quite good - a step above your typical tex-mex fare. The whole menu was texmex essentially so nothing too exotic but what they do prepare they seem to prepare well.The place is pretty small so it's not much of a "scene" but as far as strip restaurants go it's fairly affordable and definitely fills you up.
4	I've been here a couple of time for drinks and this past Vegas trip for food.  Their carne asada was really good, but I wasn't that hungry so I couldn't even eat half the plate.  Prices are not cheap.  It may look like a mexican fast food place, but it's not.  Drinks were good.  The bartender was really nice.  I'd come here again.
3	There are multiple versions of this place (apparently), and this one is tucked into a corner of the Forum Shops.  While the others get roundly negative reviews, this one seems to be good all around - and we had a grand time.Since it was lunch, they were packed, but we sat at the bar and had good - and speedy - service.  The drinks were decent, and while prices weren't cheap, the food was good, and plentiful.  While it's not authentic, the food is hearty fare, so you can eat up and have plenty to keep you going throughout the day.
2	We didn't really want to go to La Salsa, but we didn't want to eat any more white people food, and the Asian food on the Strip is pretty much inedible, so we ended up here.  It's basically a really expensive, sit-down, not-as-good version of Real La Salsa.  However, the decor is nice.I had a chicken quesadilla, which had a ridiculous amount of cheese inside, and the tortilla part was browned and slightly crunchy.  Very odd.  We also had to pay $5 for chips and 4 types of salsa (the "Salsa Flight").  Very lame.Service was terrible.  Perhaps I should've ordered a yard-long margarita.Also, it's located inside the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace, and it's really hard to find.  Just look for the Anthropologie on the directory/map, and then take the spiral escalator down to the first floor.  Otherwise, you'll never find it.
4	I have no idea if this place is a cookie cutter chain but we stumbled upon it after an afternoon of wandering the strip and all of us were ravishing and in dire need of hydration and nourishment. This place more than hit the spot.The service was on point, glasses never empty & courteous help all around from the server and other help in the restaurant.We had their guacamole @ $8/order, it was good. I like a little more kick in it, but I can understand needing to tame it for the masses. It was not made table side and served in a nice presentation glass dish with hot chips and some decent salsa.I had the fish tacos which came with 3 sauces, a chipotle, ancho chili and avocado crema. All three sauces were really good but I think I liked the chipotle best. Pricing was average for eating on the strip, about $25/person with tax and tip and no alcohol. I thought this place is worthy of a repeat visit.
4	We bought some show tickets and added was a coupon for 1/2 price entree's to La Salsa. Probably wouldn't have gone there if it weren't for the coupon, but the location was really convenient in relation to the MGM Grand. Food was good, but the best part was margaritas by the yard! And it was pretty darn tasty at that. We ate when it was pretty slow, so the server was there often to check on us. Even without the coupon, it was reasonably priced. Nothing spectacular, but if your a below average joe like me, sometimes it's nice to eat some Mexican food and get a good buzz on without spending a ton. Oh, and you get to keep the yard glass your marg comes in.
4	I have to give some love to this particular slightly-upscale La Salsa. It's one of the few places you can sit outside just a few feet away from the Strip sidewalk, and all the people-watching that affords.Do this on a warm night with a couple friends and a round of margaritas, and it really doesn't matter how good the food or service are.
1	I hate this place. Everything about it is fake.
4	This is a slightly upscale location of the chain. The food is always consistent and they offer vegetarian options which is a  big plus. It is in the quality of Chipolte and Baja Fresh. The food is good for quick Mexican food. I would give the food 3.5 stars. The bar is a great addition and gets the extra star in my rating. Good staff, good food, its worth stopping in if you are on the strip or looking for a  good place to drink/eat without taking  much time..
2	Allow me to start this review by saying that I hate corporate Mexican food chains.  La Salsa and Baja Fresh both used to have fresh meats and produce, but man have they gone downhill over the last decade.  And Chipotle?  Have you seen the South Park episode entitled Chipotle-away?  That summarizes my sentiments exactly...The girl and I were hunting the Strip looking for some breakfast at 3pm.  Nothing doing.  The only places that served brunch had waits of approximately an hour... not cool.  So we wandered into Caesar's hoping that Boa might have some unique Vegas brunch menu... denied.  Beautiful thing is, I can eat Mexican food at any meal.  A quesadilla may not have eggs in it, but meat and cheese and all that good stuff sounds close enough to breakfast for me.  We noticed this small La Salsa situated down the end of a long, nondescript corridor, and figured it was the best that we were going to do before we went at each other's throats out of starvation.Sat down, service was friendly.  This was by far the nicest La Salsa into which I've ever ventured... it was a proper sit-down restaurant.  Of course, the prices were higher to reflect this, but it was still a relative bargain for a restaurant on the strip.The girl went for enchiladas, and I opted for the chipotle quesadilla.  Didn't try the enchiladas, but the chipotla quesadilla was fine... chicken, pico de gallo, guacamole, and a chipotle sauce that wasn't the worst I've ever had.  Too much cheese on the quesadilla, which was the same feedback that the girl gave on her enchiladas.  Other than that, all of the ingredients seemed pretty fresh, and the flavors weren't terrible.I also ordered a pineapple mojito, which was pretty narsty.  It was a specialty of the house, which meant that it was premade and sitting there in a glass jar so that the pineapple flavor would infuse with the rum... tasted more like a margharita to me, or sweet and sour mix, or something... I hate sweet and sour mix.  It was overpriced too, which chapped me a bit, but hey it's Vegas.Oh, and the bathroom had bugs in it... gross.All in all, 2 stars.  The food was palatable if not enjoyable, the mojito was disgusting (but I still drank it for the alcohol content), but the service was fine.   I wouldn't go back, but it served its role in a pinch.  Oh, the one nice thing was that they did have a nice round center bar in the restaurant which had multiple televisions airing college football... a redeeming quality no doubt.  But still, I'll drop my bucks elsewhere.
2	I was on the strip, after presenting a workshop at the Imperial Palace, and was craving some mexican.  I was debating driving over to the Hard Rock to eat at Pick Tacos or drive to my favorite mexcian, Viva Mercado's.  Then I saw La Salsa was in the Forum Shops.  I remember eating at La Salsa when it was at Neonopolis and enjoying the meal.  I walked in and was this close to walking out.  It did have a weird vibe.  But the waitress came before I had a chance to leave.  So I order my soda and am waiting for my chips and salsa.  I ask and was told that chips and salsa are not free.  Hmm, no free chips and salsa at a sit down mexican restaurant.  I was extremely let down.  The meal consisted of chicken and avacado enchiladas.  The meal was small, without much flavor, and had about a quarter of an avocado.  The meal cost $18.  Not recommended at all.
2	Corporate mexican food? Kill me now!On our most recent trip to Vegas, my gf and I were looking to get a quick bite and we saw this spot. Here goes;The GOOD: The decor is nice, pretty spot. I think that's what wooed us. We sat at the bar, so we were waited by the bartender, nice guy. Quick service.The BAD: The food. It's as bland as rice cakes. The UGLY: The fact that in such an amazing food city...we ended up here :(
3	I had no idea this place existed in Caesars. I had no idea the forum shops even went back this far!I actually stopped in here on my birthday for a margarita and some guacamole with friends. Guac was fantastic, margarita was strong, service was there.Menu looked standard, food looked standard, place looked like a solid, standard choice for Mexican, but no great shakes.
3	I had never been to a La Salsa before, but my friend who lives in town convinced me to join him for a bite to eat and some drinks the other night.  He said La Salsa's are located all over town, and that they are pretty consistent.  I decided to give it a try.The food was surprisingly good, but the woman serving at the bar was a character.  We asked how her day was going and she replied with "I am torn up".  I didn't ask if she had eaten the food.The carnitas were very good.  I had a beer.  My friend (a bartender) ordered a drink that required a snifter.  It was funny because he watched the bartender wash his glass in a sink with dirty plates in it and then dry the inside of the glass with her bar rag.  He was grossed out.  I reminded him the alcohol killed any germs.My advice is to get a table because what you don't know won't hurt you.
2	It's just "OK".We were seated very quickly which was Great.We ordered and got our waters quickly but that's about as good as the service got....The waiter forgot our order of Chips and Salsa.  Really?  How hard is chips and salsa... especially when they charge you for them?  And it's not like he was busy... he had 2 tables... ours and one other.  It seemed like he was zoned out on something.Thankfully, he got our orders into the system and the kitchen got our orders out fairly quickly.Food was ok... a little salty for my taste.... but I was so hungry I chowed down.  Had the Enchilada Suiza which was good... lots of chunks of chicken and not just cheese so I was happy with that.  The beans were good but the rice was dry so I mixed it with the beans.I probably will NOT go back to this La Salsa.  It's a chain so I'll find a different one.
4	Go to the patio area, get a 1/2 Yard Margarita (or a yard whatever works for you), sit back and enjoy. 1/2 Yards are $20, 2 for $30.This spot on the patio, outside of Caesar's, is perfect for people watching.  And Chuck is a fantastic bartender!  Quick, friendly and full of suggestions and stories.  The bartender that come on after his shift ended (I never got her name), helped us with directions and was very sweet.Make sure you ask Chuck to make you the rainbow shot!!! :)
4	Sat at the bar and had a lunch while at a conference.  the fish tacos were awesome!  Some of the wait staff was great while others were just rude and gave strange looks.  Sitting at the bar with a friend who was personable we had a good time and chatted up the bartender.  She was great, lots of fun and I wish I could remember her name.  She just was sweet!  Well tip well and enjoy the fish tacos if you get a chance! They had indoor and outdoor seating.
2	We used a travelzoo voucher and had margaritas with burritos.  The food was not very good.  Mine was too spicy and I usually love spicy food.  It was that level of spice where you can't taste anything but the burning in your mouth.  Service was lackluster.   We won't be coming back.
1	I got a deal on travelzoo.com for my recent trip to Las Vegas. I thought it was a good deal...2 entrees and 2 margaritas plus this restaurant was on the strip at the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. When we were seated and greeted by our server, we mentioned that we had the travelzoo deal. Once we said that, I think our service went downhill... --He asked if we wanted our margaritas on rocks or frozen...we asked for frozen. What did we get??? Margaritas on rocks! --I ordered the carne fajita platter. What did I get??? A chicken plate! I mean c'mon! Every other table got salsa and chips, it took us a good 5 min to flag down our server to ask for it and to tell him he got our orders wrong. What worried me the most was that it only took them a few minutes to bring out my carne asada platter. I would think that my meat would take longer to cook...I guess not!!! It frustrates me when restaurants offer travelzoo deals, groupons, etc and their service changes once you mention it! Just because you pay for a fraction of the meal doesn't mean I should get a fraction of the service. It's ridiculous. No matter what kind of deal I get, I always tip to the full price--so I don't understand why these businesses freak out and think they don't need to provide good service.
1	If you are going to La Salsa to get a half yard or whatever of a margarita, go to 7-Eleven and get a slushie. The $26 48oz strawberry margarita I got tasted good, but after downing the entire thing, I didn't feel anything. To put things in prospective, the day prior I got a 48oz margarita from Fat Tuesday for $17 and I was good....really good for the entire night.Go to Fat Tuesday if you want a good margarita to get drunk. Go to 7-Eleven if you want a good tasting slushie and save yourself $25
5	Palabra!
4	I stopped to grab a quick lunch here and I really enjoyed the fish tacos.  Grilled mahi, not fried, nice slice of avocado on them, rice and beans were fine.  Wait staff was attentive but not smothering....
3	Not bad. It was quick. I got the grilled fish tacos, I'd do it again.  I don't know if I'd make a special trip here, but if you are in the neighborhood it's not a bad choice.I will say the margaritas might be worth the trip!  They make the mix in-house and you can tell right away. I had 2!
4	My girlfriends and I stumbled upon this place with a groupon deal. Even though the walk was far from the MGM hotel, it was so worth it!! I ordered an enchilada, and it tasted like heaven! The bartender was extremely friendly. We sat at the bar because we didn't want to wait for a table. I ordered a blended margarita which was the best I ever had. I just remembered I had an awesome experience at this place. I have two more trips to Vegas this year, and will make sure to stop by again.
4	Love the Forum at Caesars and after craving some mexican food, I was happy to find La Salsa. We started with a salsa mix of 4 different salsa's-all very good as well as some queso which was piping hot and very delicious. The fish taco's I had were really great. I liked the sauce, the grilled fish with cabbage and huge slices of fresh avocado. My husband had soft taco's, requested on flour tortilla versus corn. Came with three so he got one of each-chicken, carne asada and carnitas. All delicious. It was a lot of food and very tasty. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. The indoor seating is small but we didn't have to wait long. You can sit outside with some misters but wait for the summer months to end.
2	Aaaa
4	My friend and I were only in Vegas for a day for a wedding and we hadn't eaten all day. The heat just made our hunger and thirst worse! So we stumbled upon La Salsa Cantina at Caesars Palace and were unsure if the outcome would be good or not. Usually places like this are over priced and the quality sucks.Luckily, it wasn't like that! The food was so good. The menu is a small to fair selection. Typical mexican restaurants have pages and pages of food to choose from, but La Salsa only had a couple and they were great dishes to choose from.I had a grande chicken burrito and my friend had street style carne asada tacos. I was indecisive whether to get the burrito or a enchilada stack! I choose the burrito and what a great choice it was. Both of our plates had great portions of beans, rice, and our main entree. I had black beans and my friend had pinto beans. The only complaint I have is they didn't serve chips and salsa for starters. I glanced at a table across and they had chips and salsa, but another table didn't. So I'm guessing they serve them upon request. No big deal. Our meals had us full for the rest of the day. Oh, and the bus boy wouldn't stop hitting on my friend! That was annoying. Anyway, I highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for great mexican food. I wish they had this place in Southern California!!!
1	This california chain used to be reasonable, tasty and have the best margaritas (you could pick from a myriad of tequilas to try), and I have spent well over $1,000 in vegas tris at their locations with family and friends.   Alas, a few years back corporate made a change to be more trendy and therefore raise prices.  They have made a further policy to no longer take traveler s checks.  When I asked to speak to the manager I was actually refused and he hid in the kitchen and would not come out.  There is a survey on the receipt, so I called it while in the store.  To date no one has retuned my call. Average, overpriced, insincere.  If it wasn t for their foot long frozen drinks to college kids they d be out of business.  Gonzales y Gonzales (At NYNY) uses real white meat chicken in their burrito and charges $4 less.   Oh an La Salsa charges for chips & salsa.  What the?  You can do so much better than a California chain that doesn t care anymore
4	Sure, they are a chain. Sure, it is not authentic Mexican Food by a long shot. Still it isn't bad. I had a Taco Salad which was humongous! I barely finished it all! It tasted good though and fresh. The toppings of salsa, sour cream and guacamole tasted like they were supposed to! Steven's tacos were tasty as well!The chips and salsa they serve before hand were good too! Sometimes you can be fooled with good chips and salsa and get a meal that is inconsistent and bad but that is not the case here! I have no complaints here.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!!! The Bartender whos name i dont recall was awesome. Their food is great. the place is a little small but for the location its great will def. be going back to this place. One thing i loved it was Sunday and they were playing FOOTBALL which made that place even better.
2	I'm sure for tourists this place would be okay, but there's better mexican/margarita joints out there. It's touristly convenient yea but i would go somewhere else. chips and salsa were good, but how can anyone mess that up..... other than that nothing really stood out.
4	Stopped by here for lunch before shopping at the Forum in Caesars. The food here is not too expensive and more importantly, it was good. We had the fish tacos and wings and they both were really good. We also ordered the big tube of Margarita which was good and felt never ending to finish.Overall, if you want something fast without breaking your bank at Vegas, come to this place. The service was good and I would definitely come back here in the future if I visit Vegas again.
4	Located in the hotel we stayed at for a conference, this little place was good.  Between three of us we tried a bunch of things over a few days and each dish was great.  It was fresh and not overly salty--which is a complaint I have often about Mexican food.  The fresh salsas were nice too. I didn't like that it was buffet style for the salsas, but that's the clean freak in me :)They did only have two people working for the conference I was there for--so be prepared to wait.
1	We were looking for a place to grab a few appetizers and drinks after a morning/afternoon of gambling in Vegas and from the outside La Salsa Cantina appeared to offer just that.  We were very wrong.  Six of us walked into the empty restaurant and we were quickly greeted by our server and we ordered 6 Tecates as soon as we sat down.  We then ordered an order of guacamole, queso and the steak nachos.  All of them were fairly tasteless and average at best (I would give the food 2 stars).  So our food comes out and we start eating, but our Tecates are nowhere to be found.  About 45 minutes later we are done with our meal and we ask for our check.  As he brings out our check and notices the Tecates on there he tells us he will be right back with our beers.  I politely told him that it's a little late for that and we just needed to leave to which he replied "Oh, so you don't want the beers you ordered anymore?".  The whole exchange was a little mind boggling and I wish I could have the 45 minutes of my life that I spent at La Salsa Cantina back.  As we left and were walking to our next destination I noticed a Chiptole.  I have not eaten at this Chipotle, but I am postive that going to that Chiptole and spending 15 minutes eating a burrito and then the other 30 minutes as a handbiller passing out escort service cards to tourists while wearing an orange shirt that says "Girls Girls Girls" would have been more enjoyable than our 45 minutes at La Salsa Cantina.
2	Hmmmm, what happened to La Salsa margaritas!! We ordered a couple of margaritas and it seemed they were made with an overload of sugar. When they were located in the middle of the Forum Shops, they had that very distinctive tart and tequila taste. Now, they taste like your typical chain Mexican restaurants - indistinguishable!! La Salsa please go back to your original recipes and maybe your location - it was much more fun there. Also, your hostess must have been bored lighting and burning matches at the host stand and watching them burn till the very end.
2	This was not a good experience for anyone in our party. Before we could even sit down after the hostess dropped our menus on our table - we were approached by someone trying to take our photograph and then turn around and sell us the print. We asked her nicely to leave us alone - we all had cameras and had been capturing our vacation on our own. She would not take NO for an answer and had it not been for the fact that we were starving, we would have just got up and left. The food was not appealing in any way. The salsa was not fresh, the meat tasted pre-cooked, then reheated. One good thing - we took some great pictures of the huge stripper mounted right outside the main entrance!
1	We had lunch here after shopping at Caesar's.  I had the taco salad with beef and while it tasted OK at the time, I had a severely upset stomach all afternoon!  My wife had no problems with her meal (an avocado and chicken stack) so perhaps it was just bad luck.  The service was bad, the prices were too high, and my wife's $14 margarita was served in a plastic cup.  Meh, no thanks.
4	Great service . A lot of food with every meal we ordered ! Good guys place for sure ! I would definitely eat here again . The enchiladas suizas were awesome !
