5	Finally! This is the buffet that we deserve in the university. My wife and I have been waiting for this place to open and it was well worth every nail-biting moment. As we have been to the same building in several of it's earlier incarnations (same decor, different name) we were pleasantly surprised by the new look coming in. Very classy, very Asian, but not overdone like many Chinese buffets, like they are try to convince you beyond a shadow of a doubt that you are in a Chinese place.Its new still so it was fairly slow. We were brought to a table a put in our drink order. Then it was buffet time! How do you say awesome in Chinese? I really don't care but that's what it was. The layout is not overcrowded with Americanized versions of Asian foods. Its laid out in smaller portions on white plates so that it gets changed over frequently and it is REALLY, REALLY GOOD!!!Sushi was a delight. Also super fresh and done in small batches so as to be as fresh as possible. The salmon was crazy fatty, the dragon roll was spicy ( though not spicy enough for my particular sickness ) and tasty. Everything was just a dang treat! They also keep caviar in small bowls as well as seaweed salad, seared tuna, and tons of other tasty treats. Your $16.95 dinner tab also includes crab legs, ginger lobster, salt and pepper shrimp, etc, etc.How bout this........... GO! Seriously, have I ever steered you wrong? No, no I haven't. So go, and then thank me by showering me with gifts and praise and stuff. You won't regret it!Eat well, muchacho's!V-Dub!NOTE: I just checked the website. The $16.95 price tag is a grand opening special and is in place for a limited time. The regular price for this buffet will be $20.95.  I will also note that for the quality and variety you get , it is still very reasonable. We will go again, even at that price!
4	Went to this new buffet Saturday. Really great sushi. The selection was amazing for a buffet. Really fresh. As noted in the other review they put out small portions of everything and put out fresh all the time. The hot items were also refreshed often in the same way. Some of the usual "buffet" things but some unusual and creative things as well. Wish they had Hot and Sour soup though.Service was great. Price is still $16.95 at dinner.  A bargain considering the high quality. nice atmosphere.  A big place.No beer though!  Bummer.  They are so new that they may be waiting for their license to come through. Should have asked.Easy to miss this place when driving down Tryon.  Thier sign is creative but hard to notice amongst all the other visual clutter in the area.All in all a winner.
5	Wow what a Buffet, excellent choice and variety of Sushias well as every other Asian dish you could want. I have already been 4 times, M-F lunch price is $9.95 how can you go wrong
4	Had a quick date night dinner at Fuse university location with my hubby last Friday night.  Ambiance was nothing to write home about, but the food was good.  Great selection of sushi, very fresh and tasty.   For an all you can eat seafood buffet, I think it was priced appropriately... We were pleased and would go back again.
1	This place was supposed to be the new best sushi place in the area. Lets just say I have no idea why so many great reviews have been written. I got out of the car and the smell of rotten fish overwhelmed the parking lot. We got inside and at first it looked great but when we sat down to get our drinks the waitress was super short and snappy. They don't have any liquor, only beer, short wine list, and hot saki (not even cold.) Their buffet food was not worth 21.50 either. I am a sushi fanatic, not to be confused with a sushi snob tho - I have had grocery store sushi better than what they offer here. The avocado was not ripe at all and the rice wasn't cooked right. Needless to say it was quite the chew. They did have a wide variety of other things on the buffet but none of which were very good. The lo mien was GROSS, the broccoli was completely overcooked, and the egg roll tasted like strawberry yogurt. The only decent thing I got was the sesame chicken. My guest felt the same way, and at the end of the meal decided he would try the banana pudding, thinking how on earth could anyone mess up banana pudding - well Fuse can. So anyway, we ended up with a fifty six dollar tab (before tip) for two buffet plates and one bottle of terrible saki. I have eaten at Enzo (downtown, top notch, best sushi in Charlotte) and paid about 72 for the same thing. Needless to say, don't waste your time here. It may have a great location, but I promise the drive elsewhere is worth the quality of the food your good eat. Sorry Fuse! Figure it out.
2	Came on a Monday night, including our table there are only 2-3 other tables.  Variety is decent, a lot of different cut rolls, but half of them are some sort of variation with cream cheese. Many items from the photograph were no where to be found.  It has potential, but due to lack of customer, foods are dry, not fresh and salty.
4	I only hesitate giving them 5 stars because I have only been there twice. Everything I've had there has been fresh tasting and delicious.The Sushi looked and tasted great, as did the Sashimi. Selection was good, but they don't keep a large supply of each item out - which to me is not a bad thing, as I feel it keeps it fresher that way.Another thing I liked was that there was actually space between tables, so you can walk around without feeling that you are bothering anyone. I did not feel crampedOne person complained about something they smelled - but I've had no such experience so far, and I have walked out of restaurants that smelled like a dumpster in the past. I'm not shy about it either.
5	I went here for lunch with my family one day and I thought it was fantastic.  I am surprised at reading some of the poor reviews on this place.  I think the lunch buffet was 9.99.  From what I could tell it is likely to be similar to the dinner buffet that costs twice as much, but it is a good deal for 10 bucks for lunch.  I liked the sushi (thought it was good quality), the hibachi was pretty good as well.  I really liked their dumplings and teriyaki chicken sticks.  I thought everything was very good actually, as did the rest of my family.  The desserts weren't that great but you don't go to Chinese buffets for desserts.  Also, I found the staff VERY pleasant and attentive.
2	Fuse buffet was a super fail from beginning to end. When we walked in they had taped up a sign saying that they had increased their prices. Um...ok we're already here so let's keep going. We were seated immediately and the food looked awesome. There seemed to be many different options and a lot of variety with the sushi and chinese and hibachi. The sushi variety was pretty good, very decent for a buffet style restaurant but the chinese was nothing special and the hibachi literally took a half an hour to get shrimp and vegetables. Dessert was basically nonexistent since all they had was a freezer filled with cups of ice cream with ice cream leaking out of the top. There was nothing that looked sanitary about that situation at all. To add insult to injury we asked them to split the check and they swiped my friend's card for the full amount and each of our cards for half too. He ended up paying almost $50 for his dinner! They didn't even inform us that they had made the mistake. I guess she just threw the double charged receipt away and hoped he wouldn't notice! For mediocre food, I'd rather go to a place with honest employees.
4	This place rocks.  Lots of different types of sushi and it is all good...this is not your typical buffet of sushi.  I am not even going to waste time on a review here.....great food, good price and clean place (although sanitation score is 92.5 i believe....
5	Great experience! Inexpensive, good quality good, friendly staff, and quick. Great for a work meal!I enjoyed this meal greatly!
4	I  am the cold chill creeping up your legs. I am the monster hiding under the bed. I am  the bullfrog devouring anything I can wrap my mouth around. I am the copperhead lying in wait. I am the lion, and you are my pawn. I am the wormhole sucking up any unsuspecting mass floating aimlessly in my wake.What is this abomination wandering among the living?I am every buffet's worst nightmare. I am the hippo that will devour everything in site. I am the killer of crab legs and crawfish. I am that guy. I am that customer who will commit the gluttonous 3 hour sin. Shrimp Shu Mai beware - I will eat you. Luckily for fuse, the crab legs were a little stale and obviously frozen for quite awhile. Do we have a new king of all things Asian buffets? Not quite, but definitely deserving of honorable mention.
5	Have been here for lunch several times.  Great variety of sushi, appetizers, main dishes, sides.  Everything we tried was excellent.  Nice that everything was labeled as to ingredients and if it was spicy.  Only disappointment was waiter did not refill our water glasses.  He did clear away dirty dishes promptly.  The only soups on the buffet were spicy, I asked for WonTon, which was brought to our table in about 5 minutes.
1	My boyfriend and I wanted to go out for a nice dinner and decided to try Fuse since neither of us had ever been there. We checked out the website and although the price was a bit steep for a buffet, at $19.95, the pictures looked delicious and we figured it was worth a shot. Upon walking in, we had a bit stand-offish customer service but we were seated right away in a nice clean and quiet booth in a lovely restaurant. My first stop after ordering our drinks was the restroom. I wish the offensive lingering smell would have warned me of things to come. My first red-flag was the obvious cigarette burns on the toilet paper holder but I gave it the benefit of the doubt and headed back out.We then had a look around at the buffet and things seemed okay, so we decided to try it, despite our hesitation over the 91.5 food score rating. First stop was the noodle bar, which served a soupy noodle dish that was bland at best. Our second trip to the buffet included a plate of sushi, most of which was EXTREMELY over-stuffed with cream cheese. The sashimi was very dried out and chewy. Round three we moved onto the hot food. The duck, which had been the reason we were most excited to try the hot food, was all fat and bones. The sesame chicken was gristle and breading. I was especially excited to try the baked scallops and cheese, but once again, the ENTIRE scallop shell was FILLED with cream cheese to a nauseating level. At this point we had had enough, so we called the owner to explain our disappointment. He actually agreed that the food was not good saying "yes we have to Americanize it"  and expressed that my British boyfriend wasn't used to the Americanized food and that  "Americans like cream cheese" The owner then stated " I tell the chef to buy better duck, but he won't" One would think that as the owner, who is listening to customer complaints, would be able to make those kinds of decisions!He offered to cook us more bad food, which we refused, obviously, and we requested he discount the meal, which he completely refused saying things like, "it's a buffet, you understand."I recommend you do not go anywhere NEAR this restaurant. They will take your money off you without any sympathy and leave you with at best a bad memory and a seriously upset stomach.
3	I've been living in Charlotte for 5 years now and the only relatively good buffet we'll have is Tin-Tin's (Can someone tell me why Greensboro has way better buffets than us?)Anyways, the buffet size isn't gigantic although the interior of the restaurant is rather nice. They do have a huge amount of sushi to offer (which I love and was so ecstatic to see!) Other than sushi, they really need to step on their quality of food. Sure, it isn't disgusting but the crab legs seem old, their soups are too too hot (we had someone burn their hand badly from picking up their bowl).The one thing that I could notice easily was the tom-yum soup. If you get tom-yum at a restaurant, you'll see how orangey red it is all around. However, with this, they used an instant tom-yum flavor (the ones you can buy in jars at the Asian supermarket). The red was floating in little dots in cloudy water with no flavor, similar to bad ramen.I'll be back in a few months and we'll see how much it improves.
4	Overall, a good seafood buffet. Dinner has Crab Leg and Raw Sashimi and price is very competitive. Lunch is good money value, with 10 bucks you could take a supreme Hibachi grill plate with scallop, beaf, salmon, chicken and shrimp. The Hibachi plate and sushi tastes better than all buffet style sushi and hibachi place within 20 miles. ( I am a lover of those two). However, if you are fans of Panda Express type food, or a lover of American style Chinese food, or you don't like eating sushi and raw fish, then this place doesn't provide a lot of choices. Things I take every time:Lunch: Hibachi with Beef, Shrimp, Salmon and Scallop, Salmon Sushi, Sea Weeds salad, tomato soup,  Dinner: Same as lunch plus : Raw Fish Filet (sashimi) and crab legs.For new to raw fish filet and sushi, my suggestion is taking a cup of hot tomato soup first, warm yourself up, then start those cold raw sea products.
3	They have a huge selection of sushi but I personally felt that they all tasted bland. I hear they have good seafood on certain nights but unfortunately we didn't see any the night that we went. The rest of the food at the buffet wasn't bad.
3	It was great place for large groups. Had something for everyone, even the vegetarians. Since it was a buffet, the quality was not the best, but I would definitely go back with a group.
4	Great selection. Sushi. Hibachi.  Will make anything you want.
4	Best of the current crop of AYCE Chinese buffets in the University area. The interior is very nice is a understated manner; well at least as opposed to the much flashier China Buffet that is down the street.This buffet is primarily for  the seafood and sushi fan. When it first opened the selection of sushi for lunch was great! There were rolls that I could actually identify instead of the usual mystery fish missmash. At least half of the rolls didn't have surimi; hurray! They had white tuna which I love. There was a section which had little dishes of various Japanese pickles; they were awesome! Sadly they have scaled the variety of fish options back, and no more Japanese pickles. The weekend lunch is a few dollars more and has more seafood and sushi options. The rest of the buffet is not extensive as some of the other area buffets. However they use big platters on the buffet instead of the large vats and only put out smaller amounts which are frequently replenished. Try the short ribs, slightly chewy and delicious.Desert is nothing special, cakes and a few fresh fruits. Also canned kumquats and loquats which are surprisingly bland. A freezer with small containers of vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice creams. Maybe not the ice cream variety of other places, but that's a good thing. Some buffets strike me as giant norovirus platforms, but I did not get that impression here. Pretty good for a buffet if you like Sushi; check it out!
5	Okay... as a college student, I adore this place. The layout is nice inside and choices are pretty decent for a buffet. I usually go for the sushi here so my rating is mainly focused on the sushi. Oh man, the sushi is yummy that's really all I gotta say. Good stuff, I'm a big fan of their house sushi and the burning fuse roll or something like that lol. BY the way, I only come to eat here for lunch, i heard dinner was expensive :(. Anyways as a college student, they do discounts so I love that even more.Price - 5/5 (Lunch)Service - 4/5 (It's a buffet what do you expect right?)Food - 5/5 (sushi-wise)
1	Frozen fish.They ran out of salmon and tuna very quickly so I asked for more.  They brought out fish still crunchy with ice in the center of it.I could write more about how the lobster concoction reeks of trimethylamine (window cleaner) and cheap/old fish.I won't say more because frozen sushi is not acceptable and if you go here i hope you like crab because you will be overpaying for a buffet with a very poor showing when it comes to non-crab seafood.
3	For the area, it's definitely the best Chinese buffet I could fine; however, if one is willing to travel a little farther, the buffet off of independence will really blow you away.  That's not to say this place doesn't have a great selection. You find food raging from sushi, just official Cantonese, and everything in between. You probably will find a few American dishes like ribs or meatloaf also located on the buffet. And the price definitely doesn't hurt this place, because of its affordability, I probably will return.
1	One of my worst experiences ever.  Food was OK.  Not great, not bad.  Very stereotypical of the type of restaurant.  My problem lies with the staff.  No one we tried to speak to spoke English.  We just got a lot of head nodding no matter what we asked.  There was a table of loud twenty-somethings.  They were so loud people on the other side of the restaurant could hear them, kept looking their way and shaking their heads.  This is a large establishment.  No one came over and asked them to quiet down.  They were so loud (I was about 3 tables away) I could not hear what my dinner partner was saying.  I got up, went to the hostess (whose English was better than anyone else's) and asked to see the manager.  All I received was a blank stare.  I asked three times.  Nothing.  I sat back down, and the rude table only got louder.  I finally got up and went over to the table myself.  This only made them even more rude.  I went back up to the buffet to get some food, turned around and the leader of the bunch was literally in my face telling me I'm a bitch and if I touch him he will call the police.  I backed up, (remember, he invaded my space) and started yelling, hoping management would now come out.  STILL NOTHING!  I won't eat where management does not have a backbone if a customer is being threatened.  I'm a very small woman.  I'm the only one who stood up against these people.  There were large men in the restaurant.  No one.  People thanked me.  No one helped.  Where was management?
4	Very good hibachi, soup and maki rolls. The hibachi has salmon and scallops - that is a great start to a meal in my opinion. The soup has the genuine asian taste to it with black vinegar being used I am pretty sure also a great way to start a meal. The rolls are the standout item here as they are very fancy and at a level that is nowhere else to be found in a buffet that I have seen. The short ribs are delicious. The atmosphere is modern and has lots of tables that are in a quiet location which makes for a much more pleasant dining experience than other buffets in the area. I really enjoy going to this place for lunch.
4	Quite the popular asian buffet in the university area. If you can recall the location for the old Ham's, this place moved in a little while ago. Although I haven't tried it until recently, I'm glad I did. I tend to be a Showmars usual in this area, but if I'm feeling a little frisky, I may just wander on over across the road for a more lavish meal, or Asian comfort food. The buffet here is awesome! From Hibachi, to sushi, to chicken, beef, fish, octopus, etc. You name it. It literally wraps around itself, it's so large.Lunch specials during the week- only 7.95. On weekends, I've heard they offer their standard buffet plus unlimited crab legs for 22.95. I have yet to try them out. Staff is friendly, only little interaction with them if you chose the buffet. They keep up with your drink refills without issue.Overall, great Asian buffet!
3	My husband and I LOVE buffets and have been on the search for a favorite spot in Charlotte since moving here.  We had passed by Fuse accidentally one day and made a mental note to come back and try it.For $10.99 for a buffet dinner on a weekday, you just can't beat that price.  The place has a decent selection of Asian favorites including sushi rolls, your typical American Chinese dishes and desserts.  I'm allergic to shellfish and the chef was kind enough to make a salmon roll just for me, since most of the rolls had crab or shrimp in them.  That was a nice touch.I have a weird habit of eating my dessert and then eating soup last.  When the waitress saw me eating dessert, she naturally thought we were finished and gave us our check.  Then she saw me eating soup and came back and apologized profusely for bringing our check too soon.  It was no big deal at all, but I appreciated how polite their service was.Overall the food is OK, but the restaurant is nice and clean and not crowded so I'd definitely go back if I'm in the neighborhood.
3	We come to the University Area once a week due to my wife's classes at Charlotte Music School; unfortunately, I don't get to go to Fuse Buffet each time due to my waistline.  This is my second visit (which is a good thing) since there aren't many sushi buffets around town, and I do crave my sushi.  We have come an hour or two before it closes on Tuesdays, so it's never crowded, but I always feel like we don't get the best pieces of food at the end of the day, whether they've been sitting out or they don't want to put out fresher things despite kitchen closing at 9:30pm.However, I do like the options for the price of the 10.95 dinner.  They have a decent amount of sushi options (no sashimi), mongolian grill style, as well as the typical fare of  soups, honey chicken, spare ribs, wings, and the like.  I wish there were bigger pieces of fish in their sushi rolls, but I can't complain for the price.  Also, the desserts are standard but a little lacking.  Plus, no frozen yogurt at the end, only the unappetizing ice cream in a small cup with those little wood tongue depressor spoons.  There's probably better Chinese buffets out there, but this one has decent sushi that are more complex than basic rolls.
3	Went here on a business lunch. and this place was just ok for me.  I am a fan of Buffets of all types, but this one is a "little" too fancy for me.  They did have a large selection.  And the food was good for the most part.  The Hibatchi station is a little on the small side, and it's too bad that the cooks face away from you while cooking because I enjoy watching.  The number system is a must since you don't have the interaction with the chiefs like some other joints.  If I have one bad thing to say it is that in an attempt to be more upscale a lot of the hot meat is placed on plates instead of in buffet servers.  While this looks nice, if the food is not eaten quickly you tend to have cold meat at the end of the plate.
3	How my friends and I stumbled upon this place was a spontaneous, unanimous decision. Even stuffed in 2 cars, we saw  "Fuse" dazzling on that street corner and forgot where we planned on going in the first place, but it no longer mattered. I might be hyping this place up way more than I should, but it's seriously the best "Chinese" buffet I've ever been to. The variety of sushi that they provided was much more elaborate than the few normal rolls found in buffets around the Raleigh area. They also have a Mongolian grill section. Although this place is smaller than other Chinese buffets, the quality is actually comparatively better. Eh, basically, if you're thinking about some Chinese buffet, and you're in Charlotte, go here!
3	Decent quality sushi for the price and amount. Keep in mind it's all you can eat, so your not going to get the "best" quality. It's good for a quick sushi fix, but that's about it. I ate here for lunch 2 times, and the food itself isn't that great. It's Luke warm and not fresh. I would like to assume that dinner is different, but I'm not sure.
3	I was on my way to China Buffet and saw Fuse so I decided to stop here for dinner. Price: Dinner buffet $12.94 without Snow crab. Add 8 dollar more w/Snow crab. Definitely get more from Seattle for this price.Decor:I like the decor. Warm and cozy but for Tuesday night this place is half empty. Food:The food was good and the selection was decent. However, some of the food definitely was out for a while, but this is a problem that plagues many buffets.  Avoid the Tom Yum soup, Ha Kao and Siu Mai but definitely go for the sushi. There is no Sashimi.  Some of my other favorites were the chicken wings, the Hibachi and the crunchy sushi rolls. Service:When it came to cleaning up plates and water refill, the service was spot on. Waitress was polite and friendly.
2	Came here for dinner while visiting family.- Food: Well, it IS a buffet. Sushi selection was terrible and everything was obviously not fresh. Hibachi steak was dry. My ice cream had freezer burn.+ Price: Cheap for a buffet+ Atmosphere: Typical Chinese buffet layout. Good for groups.- Service: Unprofessional. Waiters yelling across the room is not very pleasant.- Recommendation: Nope.
2	I never really have high expectations for Chinese buffets. I find that I never like any of the food. Fuse is no exception. There isn't a wide variety of sushi choices, and whatever I ate didn't seem very fresh either. Hibachi steak and shrimp was dry. However, I do like the system they have for the grill. Take a clothespin with a number to put on your plate. Just make sure you remember your number and don't take someone else's food. The only hot food item I did like was the buttered fried shrimp. It was the one with the most taste out of my entire meal.Two new things I did see here that aren't at other buffets: make your own noodle soup and individually packaged ice cream cups. I'm indifferent to the soup, but the ice cream cups were a minus for me. There's only the 3 stock flavors of vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry. No toppings. I normally look forward to the variety of choices and toppings at Chinese buffets to make up for the not-so-great food.
1	If you want to be ignored, service with a frown, dirty tables, and  and overall filthy restaurant, eat here!!  OMG!!  They replenish the sushi bar with fresh sushi on dirty plates.  I really wish I was exaggerating. This place is a total disaster. I don't how it's gotten okay reviews.  Don't eat here.
1	As far as Chinese Buffets go, I was honestly surprised with how bad every single item here was. There wasn't a single saving grace dish, which is basically impossible for any restaurant. Highly highly do NOT recommend. Lotus Buffet is right down the street, much better food across the board, and less expensive.
5	This place is dangerous! The maki / sushi section of the buffet is where I've spent most of my time on the 3 trips to Fuse I've made since moving to Charlotte. The rolls are very good (won't go as far as saying 'GREAT' or 'AMAZING', but better than many places I've been) and the variety and selection is what I like the most. Rather than ordering 3 or 4 rolls between two people and mixing them up that way, at Fuse you can have one or two pieces of a dozen different types of maki while you're there. For me at least, this is the best part about this restaurant. Other buffets I've been to that feature sushi usually have a small selection to pick from, but Fuse gives you many choices.The other food I've sampled from the buffet is good too, though I will comment that I tried the egg drop soup on my last visit and it was too thick (almost like a gel) for my taste... then again, it's been a while since I've had egg drop soup from anywhere else, I just seem to remember it being more of a liquid and less of a gel.The staff at Fuse has always been very friendly and attentive enough (clearing plates, offering refills on drinks, etc.) without being overbearing.And the price for the buffet for lunch OR dinner is great, two people can go for dinner with hot tea (good) on a Friday night for just under $30 (before tip)I do have to space out my visits to Fuse (even though you get a free meal after 6 dinners or lunches) because the 'all you can eat' sushi might wear down the awesomeness of it. I never thought there could be such thing as "too much sushi", but 3 plates full may be proof that there is. :-)
3	Everyone is complaining how bad the sushi section is but forgetting at the same time its a buffet..Ur Paying like $10 a person so how fresh or exotic are u expecting the sushi to be...everyone's entitled to their own opinion but u can't expect supreme greatness for $10, 11 dollars...
2	This buffet is just ok. It's only $11 for dinner buffet for sushi, hibachi, and Chinese food. But the last couple of times I have been, the food has been cold and the sushi not fresh. And I've always been during peak dinner hours. I'm not expecting 5 star sushi from a buffet but sushi that's not fresh can make someone really sick. The hibachi is just ok. And they always undercook the veggies. The egg drop soup and the spring rolls are flavorless. And the egg rolls are dripping with oil/grease. The service is mediocre at best. How you fail to be a fantastic server at a buffet is beyond me. It also states on their website that they accept competitions coupons and that is a lie. They did not honor the coupon I brought in.
3	Nice, clean buffet with lots of variety.  Been here a few times and will most likely return.
3	We found ourselves going here way too often because my parents are in LOVE with this place. This is your typical Chinese buffet place. I feel the selection is not as huge, but think that gives them more room to provide some quality dishes. They do have a better sushi selection and offer hibachi grill if you would want that. I also LOVE sesame chicken and general tso chicken and think they are #1 for these dishes in terms of buffet. My parents love this place because on Saturday and Sunday they serve lobster and crab legs. Unlike Tin Tin, for the rest of the family members that do not eat crab legs you will not all be charge $20+ for your meal. If you do eat crab legs it will cost about $20 and they will continuously bring you all you can eat crab legs.
4	One of the better Chinese buffets in the Charlotte area, this one has a pretty decent selection of sushi items and the remaining hot bar items were tasty and varied. Yep, even a few things that have nothing to do with Chinese food like mac & cheese.My only complaint is that the times posted on the glass above the sushi were never updated. We were here at close to 2:30 but the times were all marked "10:58" and we did see several items refreshed.The map pin might be in the wrong place. They're located at the corner of North Tryon and McCullogh, south of WT Harris.
4	My boyfriend and I found this place shortly after moving here, and it's become a semi-regular place to dine for dare nights, going out with friends, etc. The sushi is always fresh, and with a wider selection than I've seen in a lot of sushi buffets previous. My only complaint is that the hibachi grill ends up tasting pretty bland.
3	If was a random place to pick but the sushi was great but the hibachi was very plain. Needing flavor there. Also the outside made us kinda reconsider going in there but hey "don't judge a book by its cover." If the hibachi improves I might consider going there again.
1	food is ok.service!!?? lets just say rude!!! our server didnt say much other than how many ppl ..no refills unless we asked..!i should have listen to my friends..this place sucks!!
3	The staff was very friendly but most of the hot foods were over cooked! Sushi was good and the customized soup was good. The overall cleanliness of the restaurant was not so good but giving that we were there late at night they might had not been able to keep up cleaning up! The women bathroom was very dirty!
4	Staying in Charlotte for the weekend was a great experience. It was time to go home and didn't want to leave on an empty stomach. My brother was driving around earlier and said he saw Fuse Buffet off the road and wanted to eat Asian buffet and we all agreed.From the outside, it looks like an old CVS. We weren't sure what to expect but they were open on 11 am on a Sunday afternoon. We walked in and were surprised at how nice it looked. We were seated on the left hand side of the buffet at the booth area with chairs. The buffet setup style reminds me of Golden Coral. There's a hibachi and sushi side to the buffet all the way on the left hand side. I was impress with the many option of shrimp dishes, which all were very flavorful. I was also surprised to see frog legs on the buffet! There was also lobster and fried crabs too. If you want the King Crab, it cost $10 extra per person and it's also all you can eat. Didn't try the hibachi. The sushi was good.We all enjoyed ourselves. While checking out, the owner asked me how everything was and I told him how great the experience was and loved the many shrimp dishes because I don't see that in Atlanta.
1	Really sucked today. Also a bathroom tells me a lot about a restaurant & I literally almost threw up when I went to the bathroom. This place is disgusting. Staff is not friendly. Go somewhere else!!
3	is this place still open? Tried to go on a Tuesday and all the lights were off and doors locked.
3	Came by today at 12:15 and they were closed . Not sure if this place has since Closed their door for good  as no sign was left but  the hours on the door said 11am for Sunday .. Hmmm  mystery . Please update business status .
