4	This is a two level store located at the Galleria Mall in Henderson. We've been here a couple times in the past month. Here's a tip: the cashiers upstairs are more busy than the ones located downstairs. Some select gift cards are located in between the Kitchen department and the cashiers. Kitchen, linens, and home decor is located upstairs. Clothing is located on the lower level. This is a clean store BTW (also seems more spacious as compared to the one on Nellis Ave.). We were in the market for a flannel comforter (but it seems like very few stores carry this), so we settled on a soft big fleece blanket 60 x 90 (will use this as a topper for our existing bedding). We were also looking for K-cups (was on sale around this time last year), but we settled on the large variety pack (48), since there was a 2 day special. What we love about Kohls stores in general, are their ongoing promotions- (1) the coupons sent in the mail, for an additional 30% (sometimes, 10, or 20%) off your purchase, when using the charge card, and (2) Kohls cash- $10 vouchers are given for every $50 denomination that you spend (if you return an item later, the Kohls cash is null and void). What is weird about these stores, are the small odd- shaped shopping carts (not able to accommodate everything they sell), and the smaller stores, have very small aisles. Both items with the discount and sale, were around $51.00! And we got Kohls cash, too. I suppose the coupon offers and the Kohls cash attracts more shoppers (competitor JCP offers rewards on the spot, now) and continues to do well, even in this economy.
2	Kohl's is suppose to be a cheaper version of a department store, yet I do not find their prices to be any better than anywhere else in the mall. On top of that, the merchandise tends to not be as nice either. I walked in, did a round, and was ready to leave within ten minutes. On a positive note, their kitchen and dining area is the highlight of the store. They carry a nice selection of tasting sets from Food Network.
4	Bought my Kitchen Aid stand mixer here. Great customer service by Cashier Lacresha. Love their sales & discounts
2	I like this place for the stuff they have for the house and inexpensive clothes for the gym.  Then I get sucked in by the whole "Kohl's Cash" thing - they give you 10 bucks to spend at another time for every 50 you spend that day - and it's a vicious cycle.  After combining coupons with store sales, my receipt always says "You've saved [enter some ridiculous amount here] today", but the original prices of things are so laughably high that even to pay the sales price in this place, you're overpaying!   And this store is always a madhouse - even outside of the holidays - and the lines move sooo slowly.  I need an intervention; I have to break the Kohl's cycle.  I waste too much time in line here for stuff that's not even worth it.
1	First, I love Kohl's, but this one is the worst. Went to return a shirt yesterday and stood in line for 45 min because they had one person working that area and were letting people do regular check out. Also, JD, who looked like a manager, would continue to go behind the counter, but never help anyone even though the line was more than 10 deep.
4	This department store is located in the Galleria Mall- which I am a huge fan of.  Kohls is clean, and there are sales people who are willing to walk you to your destination (as opposed to just pointing in the right direction).  Their sales are always great and Kohl's cash can get you into trouble because you end up spending more than you intended.  But hey, you are supporting the economy right?  At least that's what I tell my husband to justify my shopping sprees......They don't have a great plus size selection and that's why they lose a star.  Other than that, it's definitely a reasonably priced department store.
5	I always find great deals at Kohl's.  They always have clearance racks.   That's what I'm talking about!
4	I love shopping here. They have a good selection and I always have some sort of coupon that they send me by email. The store is clean and well stocked. Returns are easily done. They only downside is that sometimes they don't have enough cashiers and there is a bit of a wait in line to check out. This is on my list of regular places to shop.
3	This location is attached to the Galleria Mall off of Sunset.  It's kept very clean and organized.  There are two floors for shoppers to access the different areas of the mall.  For me, Kohls has always been a hit or miss kind of stores.  Sometimes I can walk out with multiple bags while other days with zilch.  Thankfully when I do find something, it's always on sale.  If it's not on sale, I can usually find a coupon online.  Customer service here was ok.  They definitely needed more registers open as the lines were longer than normal.  The cashier was friendly but again, just slow.  I've been to better locations but it's still ok.
4	I just came in  to do a little Christmas shopping today and had a customer service her name was Joannie D very nice woman very kind and very helpful.
