5	Great salon and even better customer service!
5	This place is fantastic and Tracy B. rocks!  Have never had better hair since I started going here about 6 months ago.  Upper scale feel but not outrageously priced!
5	This is a great Salon!  Whenever I am in the area I stop and have Alecia Biggs/Brown (haha) cut my mop and she is awesome!!!  All the other stylist there are great as well. DollyRockers is really on the cutting edge (no pun intended) when it comes to their technique and products.The inside of the Salon is really cool and fresh. The front desk is always on top of everything and they are always on time with appointments. The prices are right there in line with any other Salon but why go to another salon when DollyRockers is the BEST!?!Give 'em a shot, they kick butt!
5	I was in dire need of a haircut.  My hair was so damaged and falling out and I knew the only fix was to cut it all of.  I was REALLY apprehensive about this as it is so easy to screw up a short hair cut and end up walking out looking like a boy with a bowl cut.  Jaimie at Dollyrockers was amazing.  Before she even started she took note of my hair type and asked me what I was comfortable with.  Honestly, I was so nervous and unsure about how it would turn out that I was really vague with my description.  Jaimie took my vague description and made something short and FABULOUS!  My hair looks better now than when it was long and healthy!  I loved that as she was styling she told me what she was doing and how I could do it at home.  The deal was sealed when as I styled it at home, the end result was equally as beautiful.  Highly recommended.
5	Me?---senior and chubby.  The DollyRockers?---hip and trendy.  What happens when you combine the two?  A hip, sexy, chunky, trendy,senior!!!!  Not one to shy away from a new experience I wanted a new look.  I have been going to my two sisters for the past 40+ years.  While the price has always been right and the look good,  I really needed a change.  My stylist is young, beautiful and very knowledgeable.  She transformed me into EXACTLY what I had invisioned.  I will give her name, but to protect and keep my stylist to myself I will spell her name backwards. (Lenahc)  Yes, the price was high---but first timers get 20% off and if you schedule your next appt. while there, you get 10% off your next visit.  I felt very comfortable and fit right in.  So come on seniors, and bigger girls--there is no reason we can't look hot too!!!!!
5	I have been a customer of the owner of Dolly Rockers since two salon moves ago before she opened this amazing salon.  Michelle is that rare find of both a gifted and passionate hair artist and a down-to-earth "real" person with nothing but positive energy.  I have left greatly talented stylists in the past because I tired of the negativity, constant complaining about everyone and everything, and the bizarre tendency a lot of hairdressers have to share their escapades of the night before with you or with each other while you are trying to relax and enjoy your time at the salon.  Michelle and her co-owner mother have staffed Dolly Rockers with talented stylists with great attitudes.  As a result, this salon is a unique gem in terms of the culture of the business and the amazing sense of "team" they exhibit while you are there.  If they don't truly all like each other and want to see each other succeed, then they are amazing actors.Michelle can do both amazing cuts that work with YOUR hair (mine is challenging), but she also seems to have almost a sixth sense where hair color is involved.  She is a natural at this, but she also puts a ton of extra time in with her entire staff to attend continued education and training the most cutting edge products and technology.ALL of the gals there are awesome and I love seeing them when I go in!My teenage son is a very loyal customer of Melissa, and for good reason.  Michelle recommended her for men's hair when I first set up an appointment for him to get a "real" haircut.  He would kill me for saying this, but I'd go as far as saying he gets a hair "style" - not just a cut- from Melissa every time.  What guy doesn't want to look like a movie star, if he were really honest?  And, because she has a son his age, she knows how to interact with him and he has become totally comfortable going there without me in tow.Be sure to try the new product line that is just being launched!  I was lucky enough to get a test run with it and it blew me away.  I've never had, at any price, products that make my hair look that shiny and healthy and remarkably clean for days.  These products were created  as an answer to the frustration Michelle and others had with finding great products made with great ingredients that would give customers healthy and beautiful hair.  There really is a difference and you won't believe how great your hair looks and feels!  I found their new website for the product launch at DollhouseEmpire.comThe salon looks very cool and funky... definitely not your grandma's hair salon.  The "rocker" in Dolly Rockers is not referring to a chair.  LOL.  Rather, think "rock star" because that is what you will feel like as a regular customer at this salon!
5	I am OBSESSED with DollyRockers Boutique and Salon! I've been there twice now, and each time have left feeling like I look better than I ever have before. Ashley knew EXACTLY what to do when I told her my hair dilemma, and spent three hours working on my hair, making sure I was 100% satisfied before I left. Everyone in the salon is fantastic, the energy of the stylists, the salon, and the guests all work together to create a truly amazing hair haven. I am so happy to have finally found a salon i trust, and I will never be going anywhere again! I've also never left without buying AT LEAST two things from the boutique... thanks and keep it up!
5	I have been a client of Michelle Zeller (owner) before she opened the salon. Not only is she a fabulous stylist but everyone who works with her is fantastic.   The salon is ecclectic and has a great vibe.  Michelle is also a stickler for high quality not only in what she produces but also in who she hires.  They are continually taking classes to improve their craft.  As a woman  I don't trust my hair to just anyone.
5	Having just moved to New River I was in search of a good hair salon and found DollyRockers on Yelp! had quite a few positive reviews so I thought I would give it a try.  They got me in right away with Tracy.Seriously...my hair has never looked better! I thought for sure it was a lost cause from all the coloring and I would have to get it cut short but she trimmed it up, conditioned the heck out of it, fixed the color - and I just can't believe how awesome it looks!
5	This is the only place I go to get my hair done! Great looking salon with a great staff! I leave here every time feeling sexy and confident because my hair looks and feels amazing! I have recommended this place to family and friends and they all love it too!
5	I have been back to Chanel twice since getting back to Anthem.  Both times I was beyond happy with her results.  I told my husband if I was rich I would hire Chanel to wash my hair for me every day---I have never had such a relaxing experience, EVER!  As I have said before---if you are an older gal who wants to feel a bit sexy again make an appt. with Chanel-just not on the day I need her.
3	My experience at Dolly Rockers was nice. I was greeted in a timely manner, my stylist was very friendly. I did receive the best hair cut of my life at Dolly Rockers. However, I was beyond disappointed with my color. When I arrived my stylist and I went through a number of books, and magazines to find the right color. I wanted a dark red/auburn.  I ended up with a very dark brown and reddish roots. NOT AT ALL what I wanted. I voiced my disappointment with the color. Nothing was offered to make it right. I simply got an "opps- next time I will really load it with red." I have not been to a hair salon in well over a year, so it was not due to a ton of color being on my hair from previous trips. Many years ago I wore my hair red, and never had a problem getting the color I wanted.Dolly Rockers is not the cheapest stop in town. So one would think that there would be a satisfaction guaranteed clause. I was disappointed to hear that I was expected to come and pay $100 again so that she "might" get it right next time. :(
1	The customer service its good, but, they burn the ends of my hair after i spend 250, now i have to spend more  money on repairing my hair.
4	I really liked the stylist I had, her name is Tracy.  She did a great job and the prices are pretty much in line w/other salons. One thing I did appreciate is the fact that although the salon is trendy and very nicely set up, the stylists in there are actually all down to earth and friendly rather than being snobby or anything like I had anticipated from past experiences at other nice establishments like this. The only reason why I didn't give it a five star and rated a four is because I wasn't offered a beverage throughout my service.    However, I did receive one later when I asked. :) All in all, they were great!  Most importantly I am very happy w/my style!
5	This is the cutest salon. Besides having a fun vibe and excellent products, their stylists are top knotch as well. I've worked with both Heather and Jessica and they are very good about listening, asking the right questions, challenging me if they think something won't work, and then executing what I've asked for. It is really nice to have someone LISTEN. In addition, I've gone in and said "do whatever" and I've left happy as well. They are artistic enough to have fun and do a good job, but not force their vision down the client's throat. I'm not the easiest person to please as an artistic person myself. I hate my hair and have a constant push me/pull you with "growing it out" and "take it all off" so praise doesn't come easy. I also have a crazy schedule and can never make an appointment that I can keep, so they are constantly juggling things to fit me in and they never make me feel like a flake! Can't say enough good things!!
5	I drove from south Chandler to Anthem specifically for Dollyrockers...repeatedly. Tracy is amazing when it comes to cuts and color. She has gotten it right every time- and I am PICKY about my bangs.The salon itself is super cute and trendy without being pretentious. The prices are reasonable. I really like their line of products...huge fan of the Primp & Prime and straightening gloss.
5	If you're looking for the best, you have found it!  I travel from Seattle to get my hair done here. Amazingly talented dollies. Jessica and Chanel rock!!  A great big high five to Jessica for my violet/red hair!!
5	I've been a faithful customer of Dolly Rockers for years and have always received impeccable service! Thank you Laura for always making my hair look amazing!
5	Dolly Rockers Salon makes your feel instantly hip. The decorations are to dye for (haha get it) and everyone that works there is so friendly and well dressed. I've seeen Drea about 5 times now and have referred her to 3 other people (all who LOVE her just as much as I do). She does a wonderful job analyzing exactly what you want and what fits your face. Her dye jobs are exactly what I've been looking for. The best thing about dolly rockers is that they are good for someone of any age because everyone there really knows what they are doing. I'd highly recommend it!
5	This place is great! Friendly, welcoming and professional staff. My cut and color are awesome!
5	I have been seeing Victoria for about two years now. I followed her from her previous salon to Dollyrockers. I honestly can't say enough good things about Victoria and this salon. I have incredibly thick hair (more than enough for 2-3 people) which most stylists don't know what to do with.  However, Victoria always manages to make my hair look absolutely amazing. In all honesty, I am able to give minimal if any input and just let her do what she thinks will look best. Victoria is highly creative and truly wants each of her clients to look their best. Her cuts and colors are always top notch.    To top it off, Victoria is easily one of the kindest people I've met. She never hesitates to ask about my family, etc. She recalls details of my life from previous appointments. The salon itself is not too pricey compared to what I have paid in the past. It's a drive for me to come to Anthem but well worth it. It's a super cute boutique style and the other ladies working there seem very nice.  I would not trust my hair to anyone but Victoria. I would advise calling several weeks ahead as she books up fast but trust me she is well worth the wait!
5	Tracy's awesome. Great cut. Super chill. And I'm hooked. I won't go anywhere else. And man! The coffee's good! And I'm from Seattle!
5	I saw Kourtney for a derma planning facial and she was amazing! She comforted my fears of a blade being scraped across my face (which in theory sounds scary but in reality was about as pain free as it gets). Afterwards my skin was so soft and has been for the past few weeks. I will most definitely be going back to see her because she is the best! Also could this salon get any cuter? Even the front desk girls were super sweet and friendly. I suggest for all you aesthetic needs to see Kourtney at Dolly Rockers!
5	How often do you find a new stylist/colorist who listens to what you want and then actually pulls it off?  Alecia at Dollyrockers did just that.  My color is perfect and she updated the cut with ease.  I love going to hair salons where everyone who walks out looks fabulous.  What better advertising can you get?  Finding this salon was a definite SCORE!
5	Wow! I'm beyond thrilled to have finally found a wonderful salon & stylist in the Phoenix area. DollyRockers is beautiful & chic inside and the waiting area has plush, comfy chairs upon which to wait. Each station is stylishly separated with sumptuous ceiling to floor curtains, offering a bit of privacy between your conversation and the neighboring customer's.I was fortunate to land the most AMAZING stylist on my first visit. Chanel listened to what I wanted and asked thoughtful questions about my hair and lifestyle before proceeding to my shampoo & cut. I find this so refreshing and it's critical to a successful haircut! Her work was far beyond my highest expectations and earns bonus-points with me for being patient even though she was a bit crunched for time.I can't speak highly enough about this salon and, particularly, this wonderful stylist! You won't regret your decision to sit in Chanel's chair. :-)
1	A friend of mine gave me a gift certificate to this salon because she loves Jessica. She was not available so I decided to yelp the salon and see what it said?? Tracys name popped up a couple times so I made an appointment with her to bring my dark brown hair blond again.  After an hour and $150 my hair had a couple blond pieces.  I understand it takes time and a couple visits for the process to be complete, but I still felt it could have been waaaay brighter the first time. I just went to another salon and Izzy did soooo much better for 1/2 the price:) if you go here, use Jessica!
5	Best haircut, highlight, scalp massage!!  I have been coming here for 5 years.  I make the 45 minute drive because I would  NEVER go anywhere else!!!!You Dollies are amazing!!
5	Cutest salon I've been to. The decor is tasteful and funky and the front desk girls are really friendly. I see Chanel and she does a wonderful job both with cuts and color. Their really aren't a lot of options in the area for salons so it's pretty awesome that there is a great salon so far north. Don't bother going to great clips, shell out the extra 15 bucks for a cut and go somewhere you'll leave happy!
5	Heather is awesome! She does a fabulous job...I won't get my hair done anywhere else
5	This is one sexy salon!  Love the bedouin vintage-y feel - it feels like a very fun place to be.  Stacy really had her work cut out for her.  I wanted something different but didn't really have any specifics in mind.  She was able to take my existing color, build from it and do a really nice color array from there.  Great experience and I will definitely be back!
5	So thrilled with what Jaimie did with my hair...again!!  It had two years worth of red color(s) in it and blonde roots.  It's now a lovely strawberry blonde with gorgeous highlights.  Well worth the time and money.
5	My hair was horrible, I went 6 months without a cut and color, my hair is long, I thought for sure she would have to cut so much off(I get blonde highlights) she only took off 1 inch, and gave me long layers! Michelle is amazing! Thank you Dolly Rockers!
