3	The Pita Pit is now open on Mill. I had the chicken caesar pita wrap. It was very tasty. Decent sized portions of chicken and bacon. Bacon was a nice touch! Although, I was a little surprised that Parmesan cheese wasn't an option...even though that was listed on the menu. Next time I will probably ask for a little more dressing. Positive notes-good serving sizes-you can customize your pita however you want-they have some breakfast pitas that are available all day that sound interesting
4	Just ate at Pita Pit on Mill Ave for the first time the other night & loved it. They do it Subway style where you pick all of your toppings from a large assortment of veggies & dressings. The Pita bread is soft & chewy, the veggies were fresh, the hummus was delicious. And the cherry on top was the super friendly service. There were 2 girls working & they couldn't have been nicer. I see a lot of Falafels in my future.
2	healthy perhaps, flavor less ... for sure. lower the dance music so we can hear each other when placing an order. I ordered a gyro which was just Damn disgusting. This is the subway of pita joints. As a matter of fact subway is better. I'll consider eating elsewhere. sorry pita pit, but ya suck!
2	Kind of the opposite of the previous Pita Pit that was on University, clean and has great / friendly service, but the food leaves something to be desired. The pitas are too soft and doughy, and the chicken just doesn't look appetizing when they throw it on the grill (plus what I've noticed is they don't spend much time cooking the meat on the grill, just kind of throw it on there, then flip it around for a sec when they're ready to stuff it in your pita). Overall the taste just isn't as good as I've had at other Pita Pits. Will try back in a bit to see if it's improved.
4	Pretty good; a little confusing set up for me, but I think that's probably a corporate thing vs. a store thing. What I mean, is that  in this type of restaurant, you usually order/build your meal first and pay at the end. Here, you pay first (at the far end from the front door) and then work your way back to the front door. That being said, the staff was nice, if not a little sleepy, and the food is pretty good.
5	Great place for a quick, flavorful lunch. To be perfectly honest, I'm not a huge fan of pitas because the ones I make myself turn out nasty and the ones I've had elsewhere haven't been much better. The main problem I've seen in pita construction is the ingredients are inserted into yo pita in layers. This means you experience them in layers, in reverse order, as well. Say you stuffed yours with chicken, olives, lettuce, oil, and spices. Well, you will then taste...spices, oil, lettuce, olives, and chicken. Just like that.Not here! They mix it well more like a subway sandwich (I'm a huge subway fan), and it all blends together like a beautiful orchestra. Top ingredients, salad, options, and more too. Friendly crew working the counter as well. I now appreciate the art of the pita.
5	Love the vegan options!Love the spicy options!They are super  friendly here and also helpful.Food was delicious.NOT subway.  Ingredients are MUCH better quality and more variety.  Also 100-200 calories less than Subway.  Gross!  Pita Pit is SOOOOOOOOOO good!
1	I hate to do this, but this is the 2nd time I have ordered online, and almost an hour later they called and told me they 'just saw my faxed in order'  Uhm, sorry, I placed it online on YOUR WEBSITE.  If you can't accept/handle online orders that's fine, but don't pretend you can.  The first time they never 'saw' my order, and when I called in an hour later they told me they couldn't reverse the charges on my card.  So I had to get the Pita's still delivered, even though by the time we got them it was 2 hours after we initially ordered.  The delivery guy let it slip that they never put paper in their printer, so no online orders could print.  That's just crazy.  Also, the Pitas aren't as good as the old University location.  Sad, I guess no more Pita's for our office...  :-(
1	Pita Pit used to be my goto place. I like to stop here on my way home from work on weekends. The last few times I have gone have not been pleasing. Lately they have been playing music not appropriate for guests. I walked by on a Friday and saw employees playing beer pong on the tables. It is unacceptable behaviour for a restaurant like this. Sadly I will not be returing with such terrible management.
1	This was my first going here.  Horrible! The ice machine was broken had I been informed I would have gotten a bottled drink. But no. My friend had an issue with the manager because she couldn't figure out how to credit back her account.  The manager had a huge attitude and acted like we the issue. The staff went back to let people in the back know and they were so obvious when staring at us. I go to eat my sandwich and the lettuce was all old and the nasty white part and the bacon was still raw. My soda was hot and flat. Do not go here.
4	Pretty tasty food for a pretty decent price.  3 1/3 stars is more deserved but they get the benefit of the doubt on this one. The environment can get pretty shady in here after dark so I would recommend going during the day.  In fact the good and the price point is the only thing that carries this place past 1 star so don't be shocked if you don't consider better than a 2 star joint.
4	Pretty tasty food for a pretty decent price.  3 1/3 stars is more deserved but they get the benefit of the doubt on this one. The environment can get pretty shady in here after dark so I would recommend going during the day.  In fact the good food and the price point is the only thing that carries this place past 1 star so don't be shocked if you don't consider it better than a 2 star joint.
4	I'm definitely a fan of Pita Pit! Great food and customer service! This place doesn't have a lot of seating, however I typically go here over lunch and bring it back to school or the office. The menu is pretty simple and you can choose any toppings to add to your pita - so delicious!
3	Very similar feel to subway but with pita bread. Good variety of pita options. I got the caesar chicken with bacon on wheat pita. It tasted great! Would get it again. Left a little hungry even with a bag of chips. Wish it were at a bigger portion, but I probably don't need to eat more than I did. Super glad they had my favorite flavor of Sunchips. The dark red bag. Seems to be a unicorn in sandwich shops. Had the new soda machine with ton of options. Service was good. Place was clean.
5	I work near by and the soda machine sometimes doesn't work but it's not pita pits fault it's coca cola so it's a inappropriate statement to state. Also the beer pong wasn't beer just water. It's mill a strip of bars! Anyway! I love eating there because it's healthy and quick! I love getting my onions cooked and my pita grilled because an employee offered me that service and I've been ordering it that way try going to jack n the box for that same service!! And by midnight is when all the drunks come in just a heads up!
