5	I go here very often and have never had a bad sandwich. The veggies are always fresh, the shop is always clean, and the employees are always friendly. Recently they had a new employee, a nice guy in his mid 20's. He is hands down one of the nicest people I've ever met working at Subway. I really hope he get's better pay.And no I don't know him, he was just SUPER nice! Go see for yourself!
5	This is a great Subway. The people who work here are so nice and fast and the food is always fresh.
5	This is Store # 11045 at Pecos and Tropicana right on the corner where the Sunflower Market Mall is.     702-451-0125This particular Shop is in the top 5% of the nation as far as we are concerned The meats are high quality, well kept and well sliced.  Veggies are definitely fresh, crisp, well cleaned and displayed. The folks who make the Subway Sandwiches are very pleasant and work very fast to give you what you want and how you want it. The shop is always clean and fresh. It makes you confident, happy and proud to be a customer. The Subway Sub Makers actually know my Wife by name and what she is going to order. This is one of the very best in the chain.
5	Always fresh and a good value.  What makes this particular location 5 stars is the staff, they are always friendly, helpful and fast.  I can't remember a time where I haven't been greeted, served quickly and walked out with exactly what I ordered.
5	The team here is efficient and very very professional!  This is a great place.1.  Location - Southwest corner of Trop and Pecos, very easy to get to.2.  Parking - Not much, perhaps a total of 10 spaces for three stores there.3.  Ambiance - A typical Subway.4.  Food choices - A typical Subway, with all the normal meats, cheeses and veggies5.  Not Typical - What sets this place apart is the quality service.  Just three days ago, I was at another Subway in Henderson ordering a sandwich platter for a meeting and so I have something recent to compare:a.  Meats - I think they are controlled by this, so nothing special.b.  Veggies - They really packed these on. Compared to the Henderson one, they went all out.c.  Service - I was there at 11:15 and one person was before me. When I ordered the platter which is 5 sandwiches,  Then, 5 people came in immediately after me, so they had a very busy time. Immediately two others came out of the back and started helping all the other clients. Excellent way to manage client expectations and a busy load. d.  More - They even asked me if I wanted another sandwich for 5.00 more as it will pack the tray that is reserved for the mustard and mayo packs. I did do this and it rounded out the platter nicely.  At the henderson Store, they did not ask and I did not know and the tray looked a bit empty to me and not a nice way to impress the meeting.6.  Overall - The service here for a chain was tremendous. I recommend this place!GK says check it out.
5	I have been to a lot of subway's. And my sandwich is always made in the same fashion.Bread, meat, cheese, veggies.And then out the door. Let me ask, what is better, a sandwich made by your parent, or when you make it yourself?  My Answer: my grandmother! Why? Love! That's why. The care and compassion that goes into food. Some may say, its just a chain , but no! Its the people that work there that make all the difference.
4	Their food is always great,  only downfall is it seems as if their a bit picky with their portions that they put on their sandwiches.  I always ask for them to put on extra and it's very little.  It's like going to a fastfood and asking for hot sauce and they give you 2 for 4 tacos.  Other than that their flatizzas are always made great,  and that is always what I get from now on due to their stinginess of sauce.
3	This is one of the better locations in my area.They're fast,efficient, and it beats the other alternatives in the area.
