5	Jason is excellent at what he does! He puts the time, effort, knowledge and the PASSION into his business. The Lights Out Exterminating Blog is a great resource. I highly recommend Lights Out Exterminating!
5	Great customer service, knowledge, and price. I would recommend Jason to anyone looking for a quality company.
5	You never think you want to know someone who is totally and completely fascinated by critters... until you have a scorpion problem. We put in a pool a few years back and have been under siege ever since. We've had 3 bug companies- all with terrible customer service, and all that sprayed inside my house even though I had a young baby. I met Jason through the Gilbert Small Business Alliance and have been sleeping better ever since. I can't remember the exact number we had on his first visit (more than 30), and I believe we were in the teens on the second, but by the third I think we had only 1 or 2. Jason bug hunts. He goes into your backyard at night with a black night and captures and kills those little buggers. We have a greenbelt on two sides of our backyard. He sprayed on both the interior and exterior of our brick wall, something none of our companies every did.  He'll explain what attracts bugs and how to do your part to get rid of them. My husband got so excited he even bought a black light and bug hunts on occasion himself. I happily sit on the living carpet playing with my son knowing a little critter isn't going to join our tea party.Thanks Jason for your excellent service!
5	So far so good. I have gone through 4 exterminating companies due to the insane amounts of scorpions I have had (stung 3 times, dog twice). I hated paying my bill because it seemed like nothing was being done. I actually tried Lights out after reading some reviews here and liked the idea of someone checking for them at night and seeing where they may be coming from. He was straight forward and no BS. So far no scorpions in the house. Last year this time i was dancing around them.  I like the email reminder that hes going to be out. Keep up the good work
5	About once a week I would find a cockroach somewhere in my home, maybe the kitchen or a bathroom, and it may be alive or dead, but I was tired of it. And I really didn't want my fiancee, who was about to move in as my wife, to have to deal with it. Yelp pointed me to Lights Out, so I called Jason up and a couple of hours later he was at my doorstep.    Lights Out Exterminating is a local business owned and operated by Jason, the guy who will come to your house and get rid of whatever it is you need gotten rid of, and he is completely professional and very customer service driven. He taught me things about what was going on in my house, pointed to certain "trouble" areas that I could seal or repair and explained what the bugs are attracted to. He did a very thorough search of my home and landscaping, was friendly and outgoing, and charged me significantly less than I was originally quoted. Long story short, he found exactly where the cucarachas were hiding, treated the area, and within two days I cleaned up around forty dead roaches and have seen absolutely none since.    With exceptional service, great prices, no contracts and a friendly owner, I have no problem recommending Lights Out to everyone I know.
5	My boyfriend handles all the bug stuff so this is coming mostly from him!! We recently moved from North Phoenix to S. Mountain into a house that had been vacant for a while.  There was a major roach and scorpion problem.  They were everywhere!! My boyfriend was finding about 5 scorps a night-- UGH!!!  So we found Jason on YELP and had him come out.  He has been out twice so far and we have seen a HUGE improvement.  The roaches are gone and the scorpions are disappearing more and more!!  Thank you so much Jason--- I can now walk barefoot in the house again without constantly looking down.  :o)
5	We are close to going on one year after having our home treated for termites and all is well. I was adamant about finding a locally owned and operated business for this service and we found the best. Jason, the owner and operator performed the termite treatment and upped the ante by treating our property for the ant problem we HAD. We thought for sure the ants would have shown up again by now but the numbers don't lie. I can't tell you how grateful we are to have found Lights Out Exterminating. Not only is Jason a community member but we learned that he served in the military and provides a military discount. Thanks a million.
5	Did a lot of work around the house above and beyond a normal service call. Didn't pressure and even recommended against not starting monthly service. Showed me a lot of areas around the house that I could improve myself and where roaches may be coming in.
3	This is just a quick review about contacting the company. I had got a text from Jason saying he would called me the following day. So I wait. That day came and went with no call or text. I can completely understand that maybe he forgot but since I had just left my previous pest company for being late and just things I didnt like in general I decided it was time to find a different more name brand company. This is a local owned company as was the one before so I would had preferred to keep the money local but I was not going to do so by taking a hit to customer service to do that. I was then contacted after my review but since I had already signed up with another company Jason offered what ever he could do to make it right. I had told him "thank you for contacting me but I have already moved on to another company". There were no hard feelings and he even offered a future favor to make up for the missed opportunity. I wish you luck in the future Jason may hit you up for that favor if scorpions ever come knocking there scorpion hunter :)
5	Jason is excellent! We just moved to the Valley from the east coast and are new to the wonderful world of the bark scorpion (and other creepy crawlers). Based on these Yelp reviews I called Jason to have him come give our house the "once over" and let us know the good, the bad, and the ugly. As one would expect with a company called Lights Out, he arrive promptly at 9pm, black lights strapped on, and proceeded to spot (and kill) scorpions around our property. He then dusted, etc. outside and inside, told us where our house was vulnerable to infiltration, how to repair, remediate, etc. All in an honest and trustworthy way. He never used scare tactics or tried to sell us something - something, frankly, we really appreciated given our "greenhorn" status. You know you have the right bug guy when he comes in and says "I found a really cool bug (whip scorpion) - do you have an old Tupperware so I can trap it and take it home?" A+ job Jason. We look forward to working with you for a long time time to come.
5	We have had a bee problem for the past month and we finally decided to do something about it. Jason was very helpful and explained everything he was going to do and got rid of the bees.
5	All I have to say is that Jason is really great! I was worried I had a scorpion problem since I found one in my house last week, so I thought it would be money well spent to find out if there were more since I have a 6 month old little girl who is starting to crawl. Since Jason is the owner/only employee, and I am located in N. Scottsdale, I did had to wait a few days to get service, but he was well worth the wait. He came over at 7:00pm tonight, went  outside and pointed out possible problem areas with the plants we have, structural issues etc. and gave me really good suggestions to prevent them from entering the home. He dusted outside and came in about an hour later with really great news, he found no scorpions. Although he said that doesn't mean I won't have another one in the future and that I still need to be aware, it put some nerves at ease. Overall, he was honest, friendly, and above all didn't try to scare and pressure us into signing a long term contract. He spent time talking with me about other bug concerns I had and gave me some pretty valuable advice. I will definitely use Jason for all my bug needs and refer anyone who is looking for an HONEST guy who won't try to sell you on fear. Other companies I called also required a monthly service to have an inspection done and Jason was the first one I found who didn't. If you are looking for a guy who knows a lot about critters and how to get rid of them, call Jason!
5	I'll have to add to the positive reviews here.  I scheduled an appointment with Jason, and when he never showed up, I gave him a call to find out what the mix-up was.  He was very apologetic and took 50% off the price he quoted me.  He knows how to take care of his customers and how to correct any mistakes.He performed some basic exterminating and preventative measures for some roach problems I was having.  It worked beautifully and really have not had any major problems since.  He did a good job explaining everything and pointed out the problem areas and how to help prevent issues in the future.
5	We contacted Jason for our termite problem becasue of the reviews we read on Yelp.  All of the postive reviews are spot on!  Jason provided great service at a fair price.  He is very knowledgable and he scheduled the work at our convenience.  Sorry if you have any sort of bug problem, but Jason and Lights Out Exterminating are the ones you want on your side to fight that battle.  Highest receommendation.
5	Lights Out Exterminating lived up to the expectations I had based on their high ratings.  Jason was prompt and did a very detailed job.  Will definitely use him again!
5	After extensive research on exterminators in the East Valley to treat our scorpion problem, My wife and I chose to call Jason and his company. I had read the reviews on Yelp and was hoping my experience would prove to be as positive as others' I had read. After my first consultation, Jason took the time explain in detail our particular situation and what could be done to treat it, all without committing to anything! I was so impressed that I have used him every month since! My experience superseded any I had read. Not to mention, we went from seeing 7-10 scorpions a week to about 1-2 every couple of weeks. Jason's products work. It's refreshing to know that there are still small business owners who are still honest and passionate about their work like Jason is. Choose Lights Out Exterminating, you can't go wrong!
5	Thank you fellow Yelp'ers! I too called Lights Out based on the awesome reviews. Jason is obviously consistent in his superior customer service and pest control expertise. I recently moved into a new house and realized I had some unwanted house guests (scorpions, black widows, wolf spiders, crickets...oh my). From the feedback on Yelp I assumed it would take weeks to get an appointment with the bug-master but this wasn't the case. Jason was able to come to my house within 3 days of me calling. I was impressed he comes out at night when there is a scorpion issue, and those were my biggest concern. He was on time, extremely friendly, professional, and knowledgeable. He showed me the areas the scorpions could be getting into the house and made suggestions on how to prevent it and landscaping corrections I may want to look into. Other exterminators I've used in the past seemed to have been in a rush to spray my house, collect their check and move on the next job. With Jason this was not the case, he took the time to answer ALL of my questions and if he was in a rush, he did not make it noticeable. He dusted & sprayed all around my house and then took me around with him as he used his black light to find 7-9 scorpions in and around my patio and yard who were too close for comfort. He even recommended get my own black light and could do some self maintenance to prevent further service calls. I appreciate the fact that he does not require the monthly contract but is honest on how often treatment should be done based on each house's specific needs. Thanks for helping me Jason, awesome job!
5	I feel like my five stars aren't even necessary here, but I just needed to agree with everyone else here that Jason is a badass insect warrior. He is personable, punctual, and he really knows what he is doing. We wish we were friends with him outside of professional world, but that is beside the point. We had cockroaches. Lots and lots of cockroaches. After researching options here on Yelp, my husband was blown away by this company's reviews. So within a couple of days, Jason came over and exterminated those beasts like noones business. I wasn't here for the initial visit (thank God), but Kevin later told me that when he sprayed poison in the hole in our diswasher/wall, cockroaches came pouring out. Since that first visit 6-ish months ago, we have asked Jason to come out two more times. The poison he uses works for a long time, so occasionally we see dead cockroaches in our house, which is much much better than alive ones. I'd like to say that our roach problem is long gone, but unfortunately we have to get a plumber out here because Jason thinks they are getting in through the plumbing, which he can't do anything about except kill them once they have come out. It is such a relief that our house is protected by all the other bugs out there too. I see really strange dead insects around the outside of our house and I breathe a sigh of relief that I didn't find them on my pillow and thank Jesus again for Lights Out Exterminating.
5	Incredibly professional, knowledgeable, fair and customer service oriented.
5	After purchasing a short sale home, that is located on an large lot next to a desert and figuring I had a good number of scorpions on the property I did some research to see who had the best services to rid these monsters. After about 5 different companies of calling to set up services I ran across these guys in yelp. Called and spoke to Jason, whom sounded the most intelligent and passionate person on his line of work. What surprised me the most was asking for service and him saying he'll be out at 7pm. To me this confused me as most services take place during the day and he said "Well scorpions are night creatures during summer months"...MAKES SENSE!He showed up at 7pm on the dot! Ran an inspection around the house with his blacklight. And found quite a few of them. After that he sprayed and spoke to me about maintaining and answers all my questions. Like a dog I followed and bugged him, but he seemed to not mind nor rushed to get out of there. After he was done he went out to see how many he got and the count was 42. NICE! Unfortunately he could not do the inside of the house due to remodeling at the time, so he said when the house is done to call him and he will take care of the inside, which he did and didn't charge me any extra. His initial service is higher then others, but definitely worth every cent!The 2nd service he came out again at night 3 weeks later on my request to make sure we douse and destroy them all. Ran across a bunch of dead ones, but didn't find any.  Overall: Highly Recommend!!!He is very honest, very knowledgeable on the subject of pests and bugs, and most of all passionate about his work. Since moving in and having his services I have not had any scorpions nor other living things insects around.
5	Just over a week ago I suspected that my house had termites.  I looked on Yelp to find an exterminator and came across Lights Out Exterminating.  My first phone call I left a voice-mail message stating my suspicions and what part of the Valley I lived in.  Shortly thereafter I received a call from Jason stating he would be near my neighborhood the next day and he could come by if that would work for me.  He came by the next day and confirmed my house has termites and reviewed the process used to eliminate them.  An appointment was scheduled for the following week for the service to be performed.  I am thrilled that within ten days I went from suspecting termites to already having the service to exterminate them.  I would highly recommend Lights Out Exterminating and Jason who is honest, forthright and ethical!  Thank you for the terrific service!
5	Our home had recently had termites when we bought it 2 years ago. The termites had worked their way up through a seam in the home's slab foundation. Lights Out Exterminating keeps the termites away now and deals with any problems that arise with ants and other pests common to our neighborhood.I highly recommend Lights Out.
5	Jason is very professional and knowledgeable. We had a bee hive in our roof and Jason was able to spray that same day we first contacted him.  Highly recommend his company and will definitely call him again for any future pest problems.
5	Well, he's definitely the best. I refer to Jason as "The Scorpion Whisperer". I have had a growing scorpion issue at my home in Gilbert. We have added another grandchild and an Englidh Bulldog in the past year. When I started seeing scorpions in and around my home in the winter I knew there was a problem that wasnt going to "just go away". So along came Jason and he completely educated me before doing any services to my home. He didn't "sell" me on anything. I essentialy had to ask him to do what I wanted. The work he did was VERY effective, incredibly reasonably priced and he did what he said he would do. I realize  that scorpion control is a big part of owning a home in Gilbert and as home owners we have to hunt those things at night and eliminate them. For those who cant he does offer that service. The man works till midnight if you need him to. I now know what the truth is about scorpions, there are a lot of myths about scorpion control. Getting rid of their food source does not control scorpions. They can go 9 months with no food, and they'll cannibilize if they need to. In a nutshell Jason did everything possible to seal my house and taught me how to maintain my property so they stay away. He can do it all, do not call anyone else.
5	Extremely pleased with Jason and Lights Out Exterminating. Extremely knowledgeable and no pressure sell.
5	I just bought a house, the inspection didn't turn up any termites, so I figured I was ok when it came to bugs.  Well when I was painting a room and took off the outlet covers I discovered little black specks that could only be one thing... bug poop.  I'm not super squeamish about bugs, but a big pile of poop in the wall is not ok, and where there is poop, there are things that made it. I scanned Yelp for reviews and came across Lights Out--the reviews were all great so I gave Jason a call.  I told him about my poop discovery and he knew right away what we were dealing with--crickets! Seriously, I came from another state and never considered them as a an issue before.  He was able to set an appointment for that weekend and came out.  Good thing he did, I had black widows and roaches too.  He has a special spray that gets the bugs out of the walls and kills them. It was kind of exciting watching the crickets, spiders, and roaches scurry out and away.  Jason really knows his bugs and how to get rid of them, he even offered advice on what I can do to keep them from coming back into the walls.  He even offered my sister advice on how to bug proof her apartment.  He let me know that when I get ready to do some landscaping he would be happy to give me advice on plants etc. so that I don't encourage the bug problem.His prices were fair and he was knowledgeable and professional, when I notice bugs creeping back in he'll be the one I call.
5	This guy is pretty awesome! Last year around this time (late spring, early summer) my house had a ridiculous number of crickets. "Never again!" I said. Read reviews on Yelp and everything was as advertised. Talked to other companies who typically offer a monthly service while Lights Out takes care of business with one visit that lasts months which ends up much cheaper. Then, he gives free advice on how to keep the bugs out. Jason showed me cracks in my security and advised me on where and how I could seal the outside of my home to prevent bugs from entering.
5	Jason is AWESOME!!!!!  He's so knowledgeable and does a great job.  I would highly recommend him.
5	Jason showed up on time and the day we needed him too. Very knowledgeable and friendly.
5	Top quality extermination services for pests categorized "6 legs and up" (heard this motto verbatim from Jason himself).Jason always comes prepared to his visits- has all the right tools and processes to conduct thorough diagnostics, comprehensive treatments, and always spends the extra time to educate his customers.  He is highly knowledgeable in his field- he understands the detailed anatomy of the bugs and mechanisms of how different treatments work (and also why some things don't work).He develops pest management plans for his clients based on their pests, home structures, and geographical locations.  His plans are not just about treatment, but are also inclusive of preventative and precautionary measures.He is also knowledgeable beyond the immediate world of Arizona pests.  While we were in the process of moving from NY, he gave us tips on how to minimize risk of transferring bugs in the moving vans, and the differences in pest treatment between AZ and NY.Finally, Jason holds himself with extremely high integrity- even though we have requested his services more often than our original plan (which would give him more business), he has advised us to stay true to the plan to optimize value (cost and outcomes).We have already recommended Jason to family, and we hope to be able to recommend him to our HOA (to win the community war on scorpions)!
5	Jason is very knowledgable and HONEST! I live in a condo complex and with numerous variables causing my scorpion issue there was little Jason could do to fix the situation and he was honest about it! I was quoted earlier in the week for $150 and Jason said that would be a waste of my money. Highly suggest calling him and hope he can fix your issue. Can honestly say if Jason could have fixed my problem I am positive that the job would be done correctly! Thanks Jason!
5	It is so nice to know a "bug guy" who you can rely on in the Valley. Based on the reviews here on Yelp, I decided to have Jason out to our home. I also waited until he serviced our home twice before writing this review as anyone can be a "one hit wonder". BTW, we live in what's known as "scorpion alley".Pros:- He's a super nice guy. I enjoyed talking to him about non-bug stuff as well.- He knows his stuff. I don't think I've met many people who know more about scorpions, spiders, cockroaches, beetles, etc. If you have a question, he can answer it.- He's super passionate about what he does. You won't find many more people who loves bugs, and subsequently killing them, more than Jason.- He's fair and honest. Jason doesn't come off as a used car salesman. He wants to earn your business. He doesn't charge you for what is unnecessary, only for what you need.- He's thorough. I had him out at 10pm for our first appt and we walked every square inch of my yard. He pointed out place that I could improve landscaping, caulking, fixtures, etc to help some of the pest control myself.- He's earned a customer in me. All of those things above helped, but the bottom line, he got the job done. We've had great results and plan on having Jason out on a routine bases to keep the problem under control.Cons:- I'll only get to see him a few times a year because he has done such a good job.- There are less scorpions for me to hunt, which I enjoy.Thanks again Jason. Oh, and in case you guys are wondering, we killed around 80 scorpions the first time he came out. Since then, about 5 months, I've killed 8.
4	Yay!! I am so glad that I gave Jason a call. Thankfully my problem wasn't as bad as I was thinking. If I ever have a pest problem again I know who i'm calling. He's very informative, respectful, and kind!   Thanks for everything and all your suggestions now i have peace of mind and can sleep in comfort!
1	I'm not sure what happened.  He seemed very nice and willing on the phone, and actually did a treatment several months ago.  For some unknown reason he stopped returning my calls and my tenants calls.  After a full week and no response I had to hire another company.  Very odd?
1	After reading so many positive reviews for Lights Out I thought I would give them a try.  Long story short, I called and left a message.  The following day I received a voicemail from them.  Over the next 3 days I called and left 4 messages asking for a call back.  I am still waiting.  Every business can experience some snags but not returning voicemails is unacceptable.
5	Very rarely you see someone suggesting that there is absolutely nothing that needs to be done for the home, at the expense of their income. Jason drove up to our home, spent more than an hour going around the home in the night, spent even more time explaining us that the home we bought only recently has been recently treated, and that there was nothing required to be done at this point of time! He did not charge a penny for all his time that night. In this materialistic world, Jason comes as a breath of fresh air and some one who is brutally honest, and who excels at what he is doing.
5	Jason is awesome! We recently moved here from Chicago and after we bought our house we found a scorpion in our backyard.  Jason came over at night to hunt for them and to explain what we needed to do to keep them from coming back.  He spent a few hours educating us and we saw results immediately.  Within the first week of spraying we saw 6 dead scorpions.   Jason is so honest that we wanted to get sprayed monthly but he advised that it wasn't necessary and that we would be throwing our money away because our scorpion problem wasn't that bad.   His product is great and his honesty and work ethic are refreshing.   We use him every other month and could night be happier.
5	Jason and his crew are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. They get the job done without being pushy. We have used them several times now and will continue to do so
4	After speaking with Jason, I can safely say that if I ever have an issue with scorpions, I will be giving him a call.I called Jason hoping that he would be able to help me prevent a bed bug infestation (my neighbors have them and we share a wall, eeeek!). He informed me that he doesn't treat bed bugs, but still listened to my problem and offered me some valuable information.Thanks for taking the time to speak with me, Jason! A+ for customer service!
5	Jason is awesome. A+ service.  He is on time, does what he says he is going to do, pricing is awesome and he is just overall a good person. Takes the time to explain to you,  before / during / after contracted /paid.  I called him for assistance with scorpion issue in the home I was in process of moving into. He came out, hunted them down, sprayed and all for a very low low price. He also advised me regarding other preventative treatments, such as home sealing, which I'd been considering as the scorpions freak me out a bit, especially with a 5 year old son to protect. He advised me the service I was considering was way over-priced and going way beyond what is necessary, and  made a recommendation to a home-sealing service that will cost me about 50% less - that referral, and his services, are saving me a ton of money. He also found roaches, left by the previous occupant, and despite the fact he normally doesn't treat them (as he said, if I'd cold-called him and stated I had roaches, he'd have said sorry, I don't treat those..) he decided to help me because he felt so badly for me (previous occupant was a 'friend' that I allowed to live there for free- who wreaked havoc on the house.) He advised me of exactly what to do prior to the initial spray. Then came back and dealt with the nasty pests that he normally would not do.I would /will use Jason for future needs, without a doubt.
5	We've used Jason a few times after discovering scorpions and noticing our bug guy not being able to handle them. Jason came out and spent a long time going around the house and finding where any and all scorpions could be getting in from. We haven't had a scorpion in our home since.
1	Jason was great - drove all the way from the valley to N Central, Phoenix 2 times and we learned so much from him.  He's the only pest guy I'd ever used.  The treatments worked too.  Now I've moved out near where his business is located (E Mesa - same ZIP CODE even) and he won't return my calls.  Got too big for his britches, I guess.  Wish I hadn't talked him up to my friends and family - its embarrassing when he doesn't return their calls either.
