4	Walking around the Miracle Mile Shops for a quick brunch spot, Aromi d'Italia Cafe offered a little of everything to satisfy our group of 10.I went for their lunch special for $9.50.  You get half a panini sandwich, a cup of soup, and a side salad.I chose their Toscano panini which had roasted red peppers, mushrooms, cheese, pesto and artichoke hearts. It was pretty tasty, especially for it being a vegetarian sandwich!  The soup of the day was vegetable or cream of potato.  I went for the vegetable and it was very hot when I got it.  The salad was simple with mixed greens, tomatoes and carrots.Service was super quick for my order.  By the time I paid for it, my meal was waiting for me.  They also offer gelato, fresh orange juice, and a bunch of other sandwiches and the like.  A sweet spot to grab a quick bite when shopping around.3.5 stars
4	Tasty and affordable don't go hand in hand in vegas! But i've found it here at Aromi d' Italia at the Miracle Mile Shops! Tasty Panini Sandwiches available. It was very affordable at $8 for a sandwich. I forgot which one i ordered but it had proscuitto. Tasted great and nice a fill up before hitting the clubs.
1	"If I was Italian, I'd be pissed."That sentence was the theme we walked away with after unfortunately eating here.First of all: The staff.  Why did it take the THREE people forever to even acknowledge we were standing there.  One of them seemed way more interested in his text messaging than our business.We all ordered, two of us ordering a pizza and I ordered Italian Wedding Soup.   We realized that we'd need another pizza to share, so I went back to order one and was informed that they were cleaning the oven and it'd be an hour before it was functioning again.  Wow, really? At 8pm during peak hours you're gonna clean the oven??It's just as well.  We left feeling completely unsatisfied.  The pizza was absolutely tasteless, and the meat in the wedding soup was very remenicent of the meat that comes with Spaghetti-O's.Save yourself the trouble, and walk about 20 feet further to the Sobarro's.
4	OK so I'm not a big gelato connoisseur or anything. In fact, I don't actually know what makes it different from regular ice cream or what justifies making it more expensive. That said, I did try it here and it was good stuff. The best part was the flavor options. There are a lot of them and I'm sure you can find something you like. The fruit ones also seemed to have real pieces of fruit in them and were very strong in flavor but not at all artificial tasting which was very nice. I myself had the coconut flavor and it was really good. Very creamy and thick (clearly not for anyone on a diet. I bet this stuff is made with pure fat) with actual coconut pieces mixed in. I really have no complaints other then, of course, the price. A small was something around $5 and while the portion was quite ample, I still didn't see why it was so much. It wasn't ridiculously expensive but still. I'm probably just being picky though and people who actually know about gelato will tell me that it's so much better then ice cream which is why it costs more. I personally couldn't really tell other then the more creamy texture.  If you're in the mood for some refined flavors and very creamy ice cream  and don't mind paying more then you would for the regular stuff then I have no problem recommending this place. If however, you want some of the regular stuff for cheaper, go somewhere else.
4	Ahhh gelato on a hot day in Vegas! We were wandering through the Miracle Mile shopping mall and stumbled upon this little gem. The gelato totally caught my eye and I had to have some!The prices were definitely not bad for Vegas...$4.55 for a small gelato. The lady working there was really friendly and let us try as many flavors as we wanted to. They had an adequate selection of fruity and decadent ones. I choose the cookies & cream...it was SO smooth and cooling. It tasted fresh-made with the little chunks of cookie bits and wasn't too sweet. Will keep this place in mind for next time I'm in Vegas!
5	The wife and I came here only for the gelato...twice.  In fact, on our way out of Vegas, we decided to come here (which was about 4 miles out of the way) just so we could leave on a great note.  Both times we got the vanilla chocolate chip and we mixed that once with mango and the other time with chocolate hazelnut.  Both times were great and the price was about half of those elsewhere (i.e. The Forum Shops & the Venetian).
5	Very good gelato outside of Italy. Nothing compares to the real stuff but this place comes close enough.
1	NOTE: Not a review on food but gelato only.LOCATION: In the Miracle Mile Shops attached to Planet Hollywood down the hall from the area of restaurants and the theatre across from Fresh Grill.SERVICE: No complaints here. Samplings were provided when asked.PRODUCT: OMG the prices have apparently gone up here as it was $7  for a small teeny cup of gelato (as of early July 2010) that is average at best? At least top it off for me! The server was scrapping of the little bits top so it was completely flat... I was thinking wow... stingy and I'm getting ripped off. Okay... BOO.... I got the hazelnut and the bro got the cherry vanilla. I got 2 huge scoops of gelato at the Bellagio in a what would be likened to a 16 oz drink cup for $6 and it tasted sooo much better with 3x more selection.CONCLUSION: DO NOT COME HERE. Overpriced and mediocre. Just go to the Bellagio gelato place (Cafe Gelato) sooooooo much better.
3	So glad there are other places to have gelato.  Unfortunately like what others have said, the prices have gone up.  For a small cup is now a bit over $7?  Oh well, when you're craving gelato what can I say....I guess I have to pay.I will say it's in a prime location.  If you park on the 3rd level, right when you walk in to the hotel, then it's on the right side is the gelato shop.  Also it's central of the Miracle Mile Shops.
3	The first time I ever tried Italian ice cream, and at first it tastes weird but then your taste buds love it!  The prices are horrible though! Small little cup for like eight bucks! I could have gotten a giant milkshake somewhere for that price.
1	DO not go here! We bought the groupon for $12 worth of food and I'm glad I only spent $6. Here is my biased opinion, the only reason why they are still going is because of location. Bad: We ordered a prosciutto sandwich, it was thick and tasted like rubber you couldn't even bite into it. When I brought it back the owner lady (who already looked mad at me coming back with food) said "that is the way prosciutto is suppose to be" wow really? she didn't even test or try it I would love to see Gordon Ramsey visit this place for Kitchen Nightmares. Anyways I said I know I paid $12 for this but can we just get something else like gelato ($4 for a small cup) even if it is cheaper than what we paid for. Defensively she says, "its not about the money, is that what you want? you can get that." We walk to the empty Gelato station during lunchtime and I get a small scoop of gelato that tasted ok to bleh. What a waste of time and money...we just sat there and ate our left-overs from the night before.
2	I've had my share of gelato and this place was just too meh for my taste.Stopped by Aromi d' Italia with my parents before heading to the parking lot. My dad and I wanted gelato, so we got a mango gelato and a lemon gelato. My mom went inside to order a slice of their red velvet cake.The mango gelato was just okay. The lemon I thought was okay at first (when I first sampled it), but after a few bites it didn't taste very good. I was sad that I had to finish all of it - what a waste of space! My mom told me the red velvet cake was just whatever and a little too sweet for her liking (she's a big fan of sweets).Service was fine, but I don't plan on coming back just because I've had better gelato.
3	Pastry Review only:Inside the Planet hollywood hotel- Decent. Had croissants, apple danish, muffin. Sandwiches and cakes looked ok. Didn't try their gelato, but compared to my favorite dessert shops in vegas, A-ok.
3	Although it is a deli-type restaurant, the food is pretty good.  We ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, which was really good. They claimed they didn't have the house salad. Confused, I asked if they simply had some romaine lettuce and some cukes and tomatoes. She said they did and would 'make' a house salad. The cashiers were clearly annoyed that we were using a restaurant.com "coupon" and made it clear they were going to add the 18% tip prior to discount. Service gets a C+ and food gets a solid B. We'll go back... it was a decent experience overall and very reasonable with the restaurant.com discount. We fed 3 adults and 4 kids for under $30.
1	Ordered a small cappuccino and got a cup full of foam with a sip of coffee when I mentioned it to the employee she mockingly said that cappuccinos have foam. I then asked for a refund and left.
3	My usual, americano. Too bad it's columbian beans.
1	Nasty!Toasted bagel = burned in panini pressOrdered bagel with ham and cream cheese, ended up with bagel, egg and Swiss cheese.  Ordered large coffee, ended up with small...the servers must be high in something!
3	This place reminds me of a midwestern coffee shop, right down to serving their sandwiches with potato salad(?). It is sort of out of place on the Strip, but I suppose what isn't? Service was friendly, but many tables had dirty plates on them. The sandwich was alright, but kind of expensive... and nothing so amazing I would endure another visit to the Miracle Mile shops for. Wi-Fi was available, which surprisingly a few people were using on their laptops. I would try somewhere else next time.
1	Do NOT go here!! The gelato is pretty good but let me explain my reason why they suck @$$!!!  I have gone to this place with a groupon, a restaurant.com, and a total rewards gift card... All of which they except... The employees here are so poorly trained or either very dumb that all of my coupons or cards were denied or they didn't know how to redeem them. I run a pizza restaurant that also excepts groupon and restaurant.com and they are straight forward. If you don't know how to use them then don't offer them to customers. Not to mention they all speak crap English!!!! Pathetic establishment
1	I went here the first time with a groupon. Wanted to buy  a gelato. So I picked my flavor and as they were ringing me up I showed them my groupon. True my groupon was "expired" but it clearly says on the groupon that they have to credit me what a paid for the groupon. The lady said she wouldn't except it. So we left. Called groupon and they thankfully gave us our money back.For some reason I decided to give them another chance only because I had a total rewards gift card. ( which on the total rewards site says Aromai d italia accepts these gift cards) went up to the counter, ordered a gelato handed them my gift card and he was tryin to scan it but it wouldnt go through. I ended up having to pay cash. It wouldnt be as big of a deal but the staff is very unfriendly. You can tell they don't care about the customer. I am a server so i expect good service.Bottom line I wont be going back there again. Id rather give nice people my business.
3	I used to pass by here a lot and always thought to myself 'Oh wow, this place (on the outside at least) looks like it could do with a branch at the luxurious, European-esque Tivoli Village'. On Friday 13th last week, the Oh My Godard Gallery was holding an art show and I noticed that this was along the way. So I had my day mapped out: I was going to the gallery then getting myself a treat afterwards. Fast forward to me entering the cafe. There were these classy black and white framed photographs of celebrities that really caught my eyes - especially the ones of Audrey Hepburn, but it only went downhill from there. The tables looked disorderly. Some were placed in 2s with 5 chairs around it, some tables only had one, there were dirty plates unattended and visually, that impaired the whole outlook the cafe had on the outside. I was greeted with a friendly hello by the barristas, to which I ordered a big (and I mean, as-big-as-my-hand big) chocolate chip cookie. It was pretty good, nothing compared to Mrs. Fields but flavorful nonetheless. I just wish the melted chocolate chips didn't keep oozing out of the dough (apparently, one of the servers heated it before serving it up) On top of that, the cafe was playing club music (Toxic by Britney Spears, We Found Love by Rihanna etc.) Perhaps it makes sense to pump up some dance tunes because the cafe was located along the strip afterall, but to me, cafes are a place of ambiance, conversations and relaxation and the atmosphere didn't really garner that type of vibe. It felt like the cafe was trying too hard to appeal to all sorts of people that ultimately, it developed a concept with elements that just didn't match each other. Could've been better but I say, stick with Coffee Bean.
1	Oh, why bother?Of all the places you can go on the strip, don't pick here.Unless you are deliriously hungry and out of your mind (like we were), please choose anywhere else - literally.Simply put - cafeteria food.Meal and calories wasted.
1	Don't do it!My husband decided to get gelato here and was horribly disappointed with the service and the product. The guy working the counter on Saturday, 4/16 at around 4pm (they don't use name tags) could use a refresher on customer service. He did not crack a smile or even make eye contact - he also had no sense of urgency so the one person in front of us felt as if there were 20. When we approached the glass counter to place our order, everything he said was under his breathe and you can barely hear him over the noise from the shopping center.He ordered two scoops of gelato and was told that he had to select the same flavor for both. WHAT?!  He wanted coffee and vanilla but was forced to choose one. That should've been a red flag for us to turn around but we stayed the course. It killed my husband to see him place once scoop of coffee on the cone...and for the guy to then place another on top. I don't understand why they can't have two flavors. Who picks the same flavor when they order two scoops?To make matters worse, the coffee gelato was horrible. He should've gotten a sample of it before he ordered it but it tasted very artificial. I love coffee flavored things and I could not wait to take a sip of water to get rid of that horrible taste. I wouldn't recommend stopping here. It looks good from afar but this is not the real deal!
1	This was the first place we saw when we entered the Miracle Mile shops... so we decided to try it. Bad idea. I had the meatball sub which was okay but I also ordered the roasted potatoes for my side. Not only did the potatoes look gross, they pretty much did not taste like anything. I also got a latte which tasted like old watered down coffee with milk... tried adding sugar but that didn't help. I wouldn't say it was good or bad service, just blah. I would definitely never go there again... I should have read the Yelp reviews beforehand.
4	Their Cheese Danish's are phenomenal! warm it up, please! Love that this place is always clean and staff is very friendly. Have tried almost all of gelato flavors, love the Coffee Gelato. The Tiramisu is a MUST TRY. :-)
