5	This is going to be my new go-to place for football on Sundays and any other important games I want to watch. Today was the opening day of this location. They were pretty busy but still managed to provide good service. Me and my guy friends sat up at the bar to watch the 49ers game. Because it was opening day, my buddy got unlimited Bud Lights FOR FREE. Yes you heard me correctly. FOR FREE. The employees at this location are super friendly and outgoing. They seemed to really enjoy working at a sports bar and bantered and cheered with us. The location is perfect. Right off Rural and University and walking distance from both my apartment and school. Cheers to Joe (cute bartender who served me) and Madison (server who came over and chatted up my boys) for being so friendly and welcoming. I can't wait to go back here Sunday morning to watch some football.Oh only bummer is that button thing they have in the commercials isn't real. We wanted overtime in the game and they couldn't provide. SHUCKS!
2	This Tempe outpost of Buffalo Wild Wings is their 700th store. Just about 3 blocks from the Rural/University train station, it's a very convienent location to access via transit. They do offer complimentary surface parking which is something that cannot be said for downtown Tempe locations. The atmosphere is exactly the same as every other BWW. Over the top TV visual stimulation, bright white lights that would blind you if you looked into them, and a ridiculous amount of people in the restaurant at all times. I asked for one of the TVs to be tuned to the Diamondbacks game, and after trying to find it for 15 minutes, they put it on a small TV because the big one was carrying a U of A v. Iowa football game. Look, not only is this game a 4 days old replay, but you're in ASU territory so please put the LIVE broadcast of the HOME team on the big television. They refused. About 5 minutes later, another bar patron asked that same TV showing football to be changed to Cubs v. Giants, and there was no hesitation on their part to get this done. I was a little befuddled. The food is shy of average. When I go to a place that specializes in buffalo wings, give me some decent buffalo wings. These things are tiny, overcooked, balls of grease. I tried the garlic parmesan, spicy garlic, medium, and asian zing sauces. The garlic parmesan was kind of gross, the asian zing was identical to the bottle of Mae Ploy sweet and spicy glaze I have in my refrigerator. The other two were fine sauces, but the meat portions and quality were crap. On my visit, they had just opened two days prior so I'll cut them slack on the mishaps, which were plentiful, on the bartender/servers part. I won't however, write a review without mentioning the behavior of the managerial staff. Is this amateur hour? The TWO MANAGERS got out a book of ID cards which supposedly had every ID in the country with pictures and ways to tell if it's fake. Every out of state ID they saw, they referenced the book. What I have to ask is if they are managers of a big time chain restaurant, shouldn't they have seen an ID or two in their day? Don't they have a history of working in bars/restaurants? Shouldn't they have carded people in the past? I then watched them brushing their teeth behind the bar. Lost my damn appetite. The employees aren't being trained quickly because the management team is a bunch of buffoons.FYI, if you recently turned 21 and have a vertical ID, don't go here because they won't take it. Someone needs to tell them they are by a college campus. I watched at least a dozen people be turned down for drinks because of the vertical ID.
4	i was in a hurry, so i really didn't get a chance to enjoy the atmosphere...but it looks like its a cool place to go watch some football...i might have to try that out
2	I love B-dubs. Normally, this place is a lot of fun for football and basketball season. I am a HUGE Suns fan, so I like to be able to see the games when I go out. Anyway, I went to this location with about 8 friends for the last ASU game vs. Oregon (Sept. 25). The first 3 of us showed up and sat at a booth and waited 45 minutes before our waitress showed up. Then, after she took our drink and food orders, it was another 30 minutes before we got our drinks. We shrugged it off because they were a little busy. No big deal. Then, my boyfriend decided to order a Rum and Diet coke. First someone brought him a Jack and Coke. He turned it away nicely and told him what he ordered. This happened THREE more times. "Jack and coke?" "No, I ordered a Rum and Diet Coke please." "Jack and DIET?" "NO RUM AND DIET COKE PLEASE." "Did someone over here order a Jack and Coke?" "NO! Wow, really?" Finally, we got the right drink and everyone was happy. The rest of our crew showed up and we were having a merry time watching the game until the Manager came over to us and basically scolded us for having 6 Rum and cokes and she wanted to make sure we had a DD. Well, the 4 of us drinking waters looked at each other and said "seriously?" and the other 4 who were drinking the 6 Rum and Cokes over a 4 hour time period said the same thing. I understand that bars can be held liable for letting people have one too many and its great that this bar is doing their due diligence, but having the manager come over and literally scold us for having 6 drinks in 4 hours was RIDICULOUS. Sucked the fun right out of the night. What makes me even more angry, the obnoxious, belligerently drunk Oregon fans at the table next to us didn't have ANYONE tell them the number of drinks that they had. NOR was their a Designated Driver sitting anywhere near them. I also recall, as my group was waiting in the line to get out of the parking lot, seeing the Oregon fans climb into their cars to drive away as well. I am really disappointed in this B-dubs and I hope they get their act together. Great location, horrible service.
4	This is the first time I have ever been to a BWW and ordered take out.  Now it was packed in there because of football but I didn't have to wait to long for my food.  I got 5 different flavors, sweet bbq, spicy bbq, asian zing, spicy garlic and medium.  I really liked the asian zing!  Courtney, who checked me out, was super busy but still took the time to check everyone's to go orders to make sure everything was there, great customer service.  The celery was missing from my order, an oversight on my part as well since we went over the order together.  My only problem was the packaging, what a huge waste! It seems they only have one size box and it is huge.  They really need to have smaller sizes and not be so wasteful.
1	Very unhappy with this place. We went for dinner on a weeknight. This is why I won't be going back:--Wings were served in fast food paper baskets. It's a sit-down place with waiter service, so why can't they use real dishes?--One server spilled ranch on our table and our cell phone. He stood and started until I asked for napkins. He brought some put didn't bother to clean any part of the mess himself.--We waited so long for a refill at one point that I just got up and went into the server station to get my own.--What kind of wing place doesn't offer you wet-naps or carrots/celery?! No thanks.
3	I feel like I gave this place way too much credit. Since the first time going in the service has been pretty lackluster. Yesterday we had to ask for things three or four times until we got them and it took our food forever to arrive. Maybe I need to sit at the bar every time to have as good of an experience as I did the first time. I'm kind of disappointed.A general note to the managers on duty: I see you all walking around all high and mighty in your blue button-up shirts. Maybe you should actually go up to tables and see how their experience is. Just a thought.
1	I want to give it ZERO.  This place just opened and it's nasty.  Dirty menus (yeah, I like old dried wing sauce inside my menu).  Waitress dumped wings on the dude behind us.  I knew better than to go there....but the crowd convinced me to go with them.  Food sucks, wings suck, service sucks, TV volume was so flippin loud you could not hear anyone.  I've been to other BWW and should have known better.  Really a dozen wings served in a lousy cardboard container with sauce on the side with a sticker stuck on the sauce condiment cup...don't they do that to hospital food?  One napkin when we're ordering wings?  I asked for more and the waitress brought 4 for a table of 6 - ever take a math class???  Later on you get to see your waiter/waitress hovering around the soda machine drinking soda out of white paper cups...yeah, that's what I want to see, ASU undergrad servers sucking on free soda while we're eating dinner.BWW = But Why Would I go back again?????Oh yeah, their Mar Vee Zuh (margarita + corona) sucks too.   Send your bartender over to Sol Cocina in Newport Beach and see what a reall "Bulldog" is supposed to look and taste like.  I swear the bartender put a splash of margarita in the glass and topped it off with tap PBR or some other horsecrap beer = nasty again.
1	Beat the blazing challenge (12 of their hottest wings in 6 mins) along with 2 other friends (3 of 4 finished, 1st try).  Sooooo - their wings were undercooked (not raw), you know, the kinda slimey, stickey chicken skin as opposed to the ideal crunchy, dry skin.  Ive also eaten their other wing flavors (Hot, Spicy BBQ) and was not impressed with the flavor of the sauce (and again the wings were undercooked).  The one good thing this place has going for it is that there are LOTS of TVs and they get all the football games.On a side note.  I know several people that work (or have quit) here and have heard horror stories about how their management treats their staff and would advise anyone looking for a serving job to look elsewhere before you look here.
3	I went here last night for dinner with two of my friends. It was my first time and wasn't really sure what to expect. Well, the place was really clean and although it was pretty packed, we were seated immediately in the dining area. Our server asked if everyone had been there before and I chimed in so he gave me the run down with all the sauces and wings and stuff. We get our drinks and place our orders. I got 12 traditional wings with hot bbq and honey bbq sauces and some fries. My friends got wings + fries and the buffalo chicken wrap. Our server mentioned that 4 cooks didn't come in today so that there would be a bit of a wait. So about 15 minutes later...our food arrives. So riddle me this BWW...Why are there no plates? I can imagine they're conserving quite a bit of water, but if you bring out 6 containers for my meal alone, that just seems like a huge waste of cardboard. That really bothered me the whole time I was there. Anyways, the food was pretty good. I feel like I could get better wings at a number of different places. If I was big into sports though, this would be a great place to hang out during happy hour or something.
1	You can't really criticize BWW for the mediocre food served in paper boats and dressing packets for salads.  They are a national company that seems to be doing something right considering their success.  However, you'd think such success would translate to some kind of service standard.  I can tell from other reviews that I am not the only one that received remarkably bad service at this place.  It was the ASU v. UofA football game and the place was overflowing.  According to our server, the shortage of bartenders justified our second round of drinks taking more than an hour. MORE THAN AN HOUR!!!  Unfortunately for him, the lack of bartenders could not be blamed for the food taking even longer.  At one point, after checking three times to see if a runner had brought our drinks, someone got up from the table to ask him if they were ever going to come.  His response, "You didn't order more drinks."  Let me say that again.  He checked back with us three times to see if we had gotten a round of drinks that, according to him, we never ordered.  Confused???  So were we. If they keep this up, they won't last much longer than Six Shooters.
1	EXPENSIVE for chicken parts nobody wants. I get chicken breasts for less. Sauces were good. Wait was long. Loved the TV screens for football. Tuesdays would be the only time I returned for lower priced wings. Not many deals like other locations.
4	the applebees/outback of chicken wings.i see a lot of bad reviews - but how can you? it's a franchised sports bar. you can't come in here expecting top notch server or food for that matter. i don't go to denny's expecting a 5 star steak house service and food. you get what you pay for and BWW is cheap food. 'nuff said.i throughly enjoy the habenaro mango bone in wings. it's something i crave day in and day out. the beer on tap is always ice cold. and tho the servers aren't the most personable people - they get the job done in a timely manner that i can't complain. i'll prolly be back to sweat from the heat of the wings and cool it off with a beer sooner than later!
3	45-cent Wings Night every Tuesday:That's the only time we go there. And the only food we would: bone-in wings (we tried their breaded...mehhhh, a little too "synthetic" tasting) and their potato wedges.Their potato wedges are just the perfect size... one biters! And they are crunchy outside but soft inside...delish.The only flavours that set them apart from the other wing places are the Mango Habanero and Asian Zing. Other than that, their wings are just about the same as the other places. A special shout-out to the Asian-American server who works there. He is definitely the NICEST and most helpful BWW server in the Valley. Give him a raise or a promotion!Oh, and lastly, $1.20 for two little dinky containers of ranch on Tues? Come on, for that price I could get a biggle bottle of ranch from Fry's and feed the whole table AND take it home.
1	Love Buffalo Wild wings, but not this location. Went there with my boyfriend and his friend and a server took us to our table and it took them 10-15 min to get someone  aka the manager over to our table to greet us and give us all water and get our drink order. I normally get the honey bbq wings and when they came out they had absloutely no sauce on them. never will go back here again, kinda disappointed cause its close to home.
2	So the two-star rating on here says it all: Meh, I've experienced better. So true of the BBW in Tempe.  Everytime I go there it's practically empty - which I guess doesn't ALWAYS signify a bad establishment - but in this case I think it may.  The wing Tuesdays are nice and cheap, and as long as you're drinking domestic beers (crappy domestics...) then your bill won't be so high. I was really P-O'd when I found out that local beers didn't count as $3 domestics!!! Hello, Four Peaks is right down the road and you're gonna charge me 6.50 for a pint during HAPPY HOUR?!  Please.  Also, skip the boneless wings. They are just glorified, over breaded chicken nuggets. Ick.
3	I've only been to one other BWW and I liked it. The food was okay. I had 4 honey bbq 4 spicy garlic 4 medium boneless wings and a side of fries. The wings had very little sauce and I'be had better fries. The service wasn't good. They took forever to bring us our food and the waitress didn't give us refills. Someone from my table ended up taking our cups and refilling them at the waitress station.
1	This restaurant is extremely dirty.. I find it especially concerning when the general manager is helping to run food and does not care how dirty everything looks. The floor was shameful and tables everywhere had not been cleared from past eaters.. I don't know about you, but I love looking at half eaten food right before I order! In fact, we couldn't sit at a booth because they were "working on cleaning them". Very odd... the first thing I saw was a old chicken wing on the ground, which the host walked right passed... if the outside of the restaurant looks like that, its hard to imagine what the kitchen looks like (what we don't see?. Never going back! This general manager should be fired, so the business can actually thrive like their other locations.... final word: disturbing.
2	I Love the B-Dubs just not this one. There service is a little slow. There wasn't a big game going on and hardly anyone there so i was expecting the service to be faster than normal. The wings at this location seemed less than satisfactory and too small. maybe its because i went for boneless instead of my usual traditional wings. They also have U of A stuff not appealing when you're in ASU territory. I don't mind seeing a small pendent in the back but its not the first one i want to see when i sit down.
4	I come here quite a bit, and though they are not the best wings ever, they are the most consistent as far as quality goes, and they offer an awesome selection in wing sauces! We usually go during the day for lunch and sit in the bar area... somehow we always end up with Bryan as our server! He's an A+ server, always remember us, even remembers the beers that we like to drink! Not bad for only going here like once or twice a month! I've never had a bad experience here, and we came here on a night when it was SLAMMED for a UFC fight... and still recieved great service!
4	I really like buffalo wild wings. I always get the boneless wings, which I like because it allows me to forget that I'm eating meat. Meat on the bone almost always freaks me out a little because it makes me think about it too much.... but that's just me. I like their sauces, especially the spicy garlic.... yum. I thought this location was on par with the other locations I've been to (scottsdale, fiesta mall, chandler, portland) and our server was nice and attentive last night. My friend and I also got drinks (a daiquiri and a bahama mama (?)) and they were both really tasty 'girl' drinks. The place wasn't super busy for around 10:30 on a saturday, but that's fine with me, I'd rather not wait. Oh and yay to trivia!!!!
2	I went back here last night because I got home late and couldn't think of another place that would be open. Well, this experience was much less impressive than last time. We had a clueless waitress. She was extremely slow. We got drinks, which were fine, but extremely overpriced (the BF got a beer and it was 6$?!?! more than my cocktail! WTF). We also got water to go with our wings. So we got our wings, which were fine, but then the waitress disappeared. Our waters remained empty for a looong time. We also waited about 25 minutes to get our check. It was ridiculous. So when we finally got the bill, I noticed we were charged about 3$ for carrots and celery. Really??? I thought when she asked if we wanted some with the wings, it was a standard thing. I've been going to Buffalo wild wings for 6 years and have never been charged for carrots and celery. In addition, we got like 5 scrawny carrots.... we didn't even eat it all, we just figured we'd get some with the wings cuz why not? Well, we found out why not. So we pay, and on the way out, we found out what was keeping our waitress so busy while we sat there waiting for ridiculous periods of time- She was sitting at the front of the restaurant with about 5 other employees talking. Seriously?!?! That is ridiculous. I am all for enjoying work and even chatting a bit, but they should at least have a view of the dining room in order to attempt to give decent service. I really don't want to continue giving my business to this company after that experience.
5	Was here for a Bachelor Party and watched a UFC PPV with NO COVER! It was busy, yes, but the service was very fast and I can say with out a doubt that our waiter was one of the best servers I've ever had. Your not doing yourself any favors if you don't stop by here if your in Tempe
4	Have you ever try mango habanero chicken wings? No? Good! You have to.. But when you do, just prepare for a great sensation (burning mode) on your tongue and spread out to your lips! Woooohhh! That great! If you survive this one, you got to try the ultimate deadly spicy chicken wings combo that they have. I'm sure you will be leaving here with a full stomach and hot lips! Love their chili fries and honey BBQ wings! Next time I'll try to conquer all the spicy wings...
4	Really, they have some pretty fantastic wings.  The chicken itself should be rated at 3 stars, but thanks to the amount of flavors they have, it bumps the review up to 4.They have over 20 different sauces that you can put on your wings.  They also have some special sauces that come and go.  Recently, they have begun serving a Captain Morgan sauce... Let me tell you, even if you are not a fan of the rum, you will be a fan of this sauce.  It's sweet with a little bit of kick, and it's a ton better than their honey barbecue.Try and come on Tuesdays or Thursdays.  They have Wing Specials these days that make their wings much more affordable... After all I would rather not pay $5.99 for 8 Boneless Wings.  That's outrageous.If you want delicious wings, look no further.
3	Fun sports vibe to it.  Great for a high calorie lunch.  If you're on a diet, do not come here.  You're guaranteed to gain 5 lbs.
4	Geez guys, someone explain the hate!I've been here perhaps six or seven times with friends/family, and will probably go again relatively soon. Service was never particularly bad for me, and they always came to check on us, manager included, when the restaurant was busy or practically empty!Food's decent, with reasonable prices for BBQ, wings, and more, but the extra star comes from the variety of flavors you can get! I usually get some sort of mix of mild, parmesan garlic, and a dry rub. This is solid American dining in my book. If your experience is similar to mine, you can't really go wrong with BWW.
4	I don't miss a lot of things about Chicago, but one of the few things I do is being able to walk into just about any bar and see Guinness Draught.  The bottles and cans just aren't the same.  Buffalo Wild Wings gets points *just* for the Guinness.Otherwise, it's a sports bar.  They have wings and tenders and burgers and mozzarella sticks- bar food, but it's done well.  It's consistent, if not world-changing.  They've got more than enough TVs (flatscreens and and projectors), and lots of beers on tap, including my favorite, Guinness.  Staff is friendly, personable, helpful, and quick.  My server, Maygan, just moved from Peoria University, so we had a bit to talk about.And unlike the disaster of a parking lot situation that hobbles the Chandler location, it looks like they've got plenty of parking.And did I mention the Guinness Draught?
4	This place has improved immensely since when it first opened.  The cooks seem to have finally learned how to cook, and the waitstaff seems a bit more competent as well.  Mozzarella sticks were good and the Southwest bites were tasty.  Not sure what it is about their wing sauce (buffalo) but my stomach is always in knots the next day... I might not consider myself a wing aficionado, but Im probably pretty close and I havent had the side effects I get when I eat here anywhere else.  And it happens every time I eat their wings.  They do taste decent, just not sure if the product is worth the price anymore (and im not talking $$).Best things about B dubs = LOTS of tv's, they get UFC ppv's, they have most football games and other sports on at least one tv.  Decent selection of beers, and they have games like golden tee and that trivia game to play if theres nothing on tv
3	I just can't talk myself into a full 4 stars.  Lets start with the service, Amber was a doll and we got exactly what we ordered and the tab was 100% accurate (no small task for a 6 hour visit).  When we and others at our table got what we ordered was a different matter.  As the afternoon wore on the helpers had trouble getting orders to the correct tables.  And the young one (3) in our party had over a 1/2 hour wait for his ice cream.  I don't think they have enough staff for a football Sunday as Amber was visibly run ragged with her assigned sections.I have had better and less expensive wings however we liked both of our sauce choices (Thai curry, Asian zing).  I actually preferred the sharing sides (Southwest bites and spinach chicken flat bread) we ordered later on.  The selection of beers was excellent.The place was packed and noisy.  Our group ended up on the patio and it turned out to be better than we thought it would be.  Less noisy and easier to get up and socialize.  The parking lot was made for midget cars.  Overall I give this place a 3-1/2.
4	Four stars! Today, I had the pleasure of meeting up with several Yelpers, as well many of my friends, since it's my last week in the Phoenix area before my move to Las Vegas.Today's mission? Drink, eat and watch Football! It was pretty busy, and why not? This is a cool place. I don't care if it's a chain. Good is good.I am cutting our primary server quite a bit of slack because she put up with quite a bit (she had several tables scattered throughout the restaurant on a busy Sunday). I won't go into the details.Here is where she really came through for me. I ordered Mango Habanero boneless wings and like a true wuss, they were too spicy for me. Yeah. Me. The Indian. Anyway, our server was kind enough to take them back, and brought me a replacement with a mild sauce so I could eat a proper meal.My beers came out at the right temperature, and whenever I needed something, she was there to help me, no matter how distracted I seemed by all the games.When it came time to pay up, she didn't mess up. We had a party of about 15-20 people over the course of the day and we never had to deal with the "who ordered what" because she automatically split our tabs up, without asking. She knew what was up.When the evening progressed, and it slowed down, she even took some time to visit with us for a few minutes. This was AFTER we paid. So she wasn't doing this to get a higher tip. She was just a nice person. Kudos to Amber. A note for those who are like me and hate eating and drinking outside....this patio is perfect. Even on a 100 degree day. The patio is fully shaded and has plenty of misters. It's perfect. If you want to read reviews about their wings, and the sauces, there are plenty of other 4 and 5 star reviews. This place is awesome. Great place to watch sports. If you are in the area.One last note. They have Pinnacle Whipped Vodka. You can get an Orange Julius Shot. It will touch your soul.
2	Buffalo Wild Wings is a typical chain and the food is as expected. Two of my favorite sauces here are the Mango Habanero and Caribbean Jerk. The dining area at this location has a ton of TVs of various sizes and most seats in the dining area have a good view. However, make sure not to get the corner booth near the stuffed animal claw machines. Some of your guests will not be able to see the TVs at all. I recommend asking to switch if you get placed there.The service at this location is quite poor and the restaurant seems to be running at very low efficiency. To start, the hosts do not greet or even address customers as they arrive. There seem to be a ton of servers in the dinning area, but you never see any of them working. Instead, they stand around in pairs talking. Meanwhile, our food took about 15 minutes to arrive, which seems unreasonable for a fried appetizer and 10 of their trademark wings. Lastly, we only saw our server twice. One time was when we placed our order and the second (much to her fury) was when I had to walk our check up to the front of the restaurant to pay.
2	I came here a couple of weeks back to meet a group of Yelpers for beer, wings, and football.  The location worked for everyone, I'm not sure we picked it because we thought BWW was anything amazing, it was just convenient and met our criteria. I have been to multiple BWW's many times and I just do not like them.  Service is always mediocre, no matter how busy or slow.  Our server on this occasion was actually a cutie pie and was very good natured as some of the boys at our table were flirting and joking with her and even as worn out as the poor thing was, she still interacted and had fun with them.  My complaint (having been a server before) is the way they had servers assigned to tables.  She not only had inside tables, but the patio as well.  When it is busy like this they need to be more strategic about assigning sections to servers so they are not constantly running.  The needs of the customer are bound to get neglected and their staff is going to be ragged not even halfway into a very long football Sunday. This time around at BWW I had the fried mushrooms with a house salad.  I can honestly say these are probably the worst fried shrooms I've ever had.  Extremely doughy with a mushroom the size of a button inside.  Yuck.  The salad was far from fresh.  The lettuce was obviously wilted and that was pretty much all there was to it with the exception of a cucumber or two and some tomatoes.  I tried a friend's boneless wings and thought the meat was dry and there was not enough sauce.  I like my wings drenched in saucy yumminess. The reason I give this place two stars is I discovered a new beer that I am a big fan of. Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat.  Make sure you ask for an orange garnish.  Am I a fan? No.  Would I come back and just drink beer for the pleasure of good company? Yes.
2	When reviewing a national chain, the review should primarily be focused on activities that are highly variable such as:- ambiance (different stores have different layouts)- service (this is highly variable)- Cleanliness (stores vary)- etc.Large chains like BWW are great at being consistent in their food recipes and menu selection, a mango habanero wing in Florida will virtually taste the same as a mango habanero wing in Arizona. This is standard for all large companies, Mcdonalds wants everyone to have the same experience when ordering a Bigmac, regardless of where they get it from, this is the same with BWW because of this my review will primarily be focused on services and ambiance of the restaurant. *Ambiance- The restaurant is extremely clean as it should be for being a little more than a year old. Big screen tv's are plastered on every square inch of the walls. The space is big and wide, being cramped will be the least of your worries. *Service- Due to it being Wing Tuesday the place was swamped and unfortunately BWW was severely understaffed. Based on past experience at other BWW, I waited far too long for my server to come by to take my order. The food also took much longer than usual for a Tuesday, this tempe branch needs to staff appropriately, when in doubt overstaff. *Cleanliness- A+ here, no rants =D *Consistency - They were out of carrots. I repeat no carrots. I ordered the veggie boat that comes with celery and carrots, but again no carrots. They also ran out of cole slaw cups. The supply chain at this restaurant is in dire need of a makeover, they stocked out of carrots and cole slaw cups for goodness sake! Conclusion. Food is consistent with other BWW's I have been to. What sets this branch apart from the rest is its lack of preparation.- Understaffed for an easily foreseen busy Tuesday.- Stockouts of carrots! I love my carrots with my habanero wings!- Stockouts of Coleslaw cups. I hope they fix their supply chain!
5	Amazing place to eat!! great wings, great bartender, and wonderful waitresses. Go out of their way to put on the games you want, respectful and always aware if my glasses getting empty. Bartender is absolutely the best. Always has my food ready fast and always makes sure I'm happy with my drink. Def best place for wings and a good time with friends and family
3	3.5 stars. I want to give them 4, but I won't. That being said, I would definitely come back for more, i'm just saying my experience probably could have been better. I don't hate it at all, so don't take offense to the 3 instead of 4 star :P.Got in, they had a nice dining area, or the bar, you get to choose where. There are Tv's wall to wall showing whatever's good, and even one showing a digital poker match going on inside the bar, which is pretty cool. The menu was great, the prices were decent, my brother and I split 6 mango habanero, 6 asian zing, and 6 chipotle. Then we also split mini corndogs (half off for happy hour), and a basket of potato wedges (not half off). The chipotle wings were crap, it was like they cooked wings and seasoned them and served it to us, just tasted like dry salty wings. The asian zing had a nice crispy spicy and sweet glaze on them, similar to a spicy zing i've tried before, very good. The mango habanero was the bomb though, glazed a bit, slightly sweet, with a kick of habanero, delicious! I tried mango habanero somewhere else before, and man it tasted like shit, it was like saucy and wet mango curry was on the wings or something. But Buffalo wild wings did mango habanero right! The mini corndogs were pretty good, though they forgot to give us the "honey mustard", which when we requested it didn't taste like "honey" mustard at all, just normal mustard, whatever though. The potato wedges were great! They had a nice seasoning to them, slightly less undercooked compared to that of KFC's, which I would prefer more, but these were delicious enoughService was decent, but could have been better, they didn't seem to pay much attention, they were having more fun with their co-workers, which is fine by me, I don't blame them, work can get boring sometimes. As a generous yelper, I'm so tempted to give them a 4 star rating.. No harm to ya though Buffalo Wild Wings, I'm sure the next time I come around I'll have a better experience, and I will be back for another round for sure :).
4	You gotta hand it to Buffalo Wild Wings: they are the place to go for football on a Sunday. With TVs lining the walls, you are definitely going to find the game you came in for. It should be noted that Sundays are PACKED - get there a half hour before your game is going to start. And if your game is at the same time as the Cardinals game, you may be sitting outside. Don't worry, they've got heaters in the winter and sprinklers in the summer for their patio :)I like the layout of Tempe's Buffalo Wild Wings. The environment is always clean and the waitstaff is always very helpful. Being at a bar for 3+ hours can be a challenge for any waiter and these folks do it well. Our orders are always correct, our beers are always refilled in a timely manner, and they're always smiling and happy.If you need a place to watch the game, go here! You'll love the wings, the beer, and the atmosphere.
4	This place is good. I can't find anything bad about this place. Wall-to-wall screens with all the games. Seating is a little cozy for Sunday afternoon NFL, but it's expected. The servers were okay, but not  exceptional, you could tell they didn't LOVE coming to work. The wings and sauces were delicious. As always. That said, it's definitely a place I'll come back to. I hope the servers are a little more happy to be at work. When I see the service improve, I'll reflect that in my review. :)
2	I havent been to a buffalo wild wings that has gotten it right and i dont think I ever will.  the atmosphere is blah and the service is just as bad.  It has nicer tvs and setup then the one in tucson but we werent greeted when we came in and there was a girl just standing there not doing much that never even asked us if we needed to be helped.  another person had to come and take us to our seats.  Wings are always good, but dont recommend anything else on the menu.
3	I really like their boneless wings and the service at lunch is pretty good and quick enough. That's why it's three stars.Be warned...If you come here when it's busy, you'll receive awful service. It's slow, spotty (at best), and you'll end up asking for a ton of stuff that's just basic restaurant stuff. This location in particular is slow as hell when it's busy. Thursdays are a great day to go, because of the 60 cent boneless wings. As for their wings, I like a lot of their sauces, especially the mango habenero and honey BBQ. It is a really good place to watch a game, and the crowd can be fun sometimes (when not overrun with college frat douches), so BWW has that going for it.Will I be back? Yes. Will I attempt to avoid it during evenings and weekends? Absolutely.
4	I like this BWW. I've had great service every time I have been here. The boneless wings are great and their selection of bear on tap is great. Come during happy hour and you can get a large beer for the price of a small. Yes, they might be more pricey than Wing Stop, but personally I think their wings are better, they have a better selection of sauces, and the ambiance is much better.
5	The Buffalo serves wings, boneless wings, boneless wings sandwiches, and salads that can be ordered with or without wings.  I like my wings with the bone, otherwise known as tradition wings.  There are some twenty odd flavors.  Currently, I get half hot and half Thai curry.  Top that off with some fries, ketchup, carrots, and blue cheese and you've got yourself a lunch special.  The loyalty card is a nice perk, $5 off every few meals or so.  The servers are very generous with the punches.  And if I ever managed to fill out the survey from the receipt, I would be saving even more moolah.  For a little bit, I was using SCVNGR to unlock some deals.  It is an app that requires you to complete challenges, and if you get enough points, you can unlock deals.  It was fun for a few weeks, but then seemed like a lot of work.  They've also got drinks, but come on, man, this is my lunch break.
4	Great happy hour menu. Decent wings with a wide selection of sauce choices. Bonus - NTN Trivia!! :)
1	Buffalo wild wings to me is like RA. Great atmosphere and service, but crappy food. I ordered twelve hot wings and a beer. We'll get to the beer in a minute. The wings were super greasy, like soaked in cooking oil. They were more sweet than hot, they tasted like they were dipped in sugar. The ranch was mayo with seasoning, and even had the same consistency as such. It was overall gross. I asked the difference in cost between a bud lite and a kiltlifter. The guy said, bud is $3 four a tall, and $4 for a kilt, as I began to order a kilt he verbally changed the price to $5.50. I will not return.
3	Edible bar food.  Odd pricing on drinks when large beers are cheaper than the smaller size.  Don't sit in the bar if decent service is a requirement.
4	This BWW location is a solid 4-star-er.Pros:-Wings and tons of sauces (my faves: honey BBQ, asian zing)-Offer low-fat ranch, regular ranch and bleu cheese for wing dips-Good happy hour food and drink specials-Tuesdays - regular wing specials-Thursdays - boneless wing specials-Service - I've ALWAYS had very accommodating servers and bartenders, including changing TV channel to a different game-Calorie counts on menus - make better informed decisionsCons:-Noise level - it's CRAZY loud in here, even when there are no major games on-Misters do a better job of cooling down the area OUTSIDE of the patio than they do cooling the actual patio area.-Dry seasoning (in lieu of sauces) - avoid-Calorie counts on menus - you'll quickly realize you're about to consume 1k calories, minimumThey've also recently added a new position that is sort of a 'good time coordinator' if you will.  She will offer little beer tasters (though I found out that I cannot sip, but rather have to slam down any liquid given to me in a shot glass...oops.).  She also coordinates promo events and the wing challenge.  A few weeks ago, they had a competition where you could guess the USA Olympic medal counts to win up to 50 free wings...  And I won!  50 FREE WINGS!  Obviously I'll be back for my freebies and others.Dietary tip: Get the naked tenders with your favorite wing sauce and sub a side salad for the fries to make a very filling meal for at least half the calories of everything else on the menu.  Thanks to my pal Paulie D. for that one!
1	Let me start out by saying...boneless buffalo wings are my weakness and I am in love with them!  That said...let's get to the review.This location doesn't really deserve even the one star they are getting.  First off, I ordered my wings and buffalo chips online and actually requested them for an hour later.  So I get there, right on time, and end up waiting about five minutes.  Okay, sure no problem, right!?  Well I get my order and head home.  Once I get home though I realize they had given me boned instead of boneless wings.  Since I'm not a fan of the regular wings, I hopped in my car and proceeded back to the establishment.  I get there and they apologize and hand me the corrected order.  Well I walk outside and get in my car and decided I should probably check to make sure it's right.  Well what do you know, they give me the wrong flavor and of course it's a gross flavor.  So I go back in told the cashier that it was wrong yet again.  She says, "but you asked for boneless."  Once that came out of her mouth, I figured I wouldn't give them a third chance to screw up my order again so I asked for my money back.  She walks into the kitchen and after about 5 minutes of waiting, she comes back with the manager.  The manager doesn't apologize or anything, he just looks super annoyed that he has to take the time out to refund a customer.  Did I mention this was during lunch on a football packed Sunday?!  He proceeds to hand me a receipt to sign to show that I'm just paying for the buffalo chips....ummm yeah right!  I let him know that the wings and the buffalo chips were both in the bag and then he starts gripping at the cashier.  Finally, he figured out what the correct procedure was and informed me that the transaction was voided.  He then tries to hand me a $5 coupon for my troubles...needless to say, it ended up on the floor as I was leaving.  Never again will I walk into that BWW or any of their other locations.  That one experience has ruined any chance of me returning.
1	Will never be back to this bar thanks to the loud mouth bartender.
1	I've been to this location twice, and both times dealt with horrible service. Not only were our servers apathetic and ignorant of the menu; they were both unapologetically rude. She messed up almost all of our orders, and didn't even seem to care. I am usually very carefree when I go out to a sports bar, but it was starting to seriously annoy me. It's too bad, because the other BWW I used to go to in the north valley always had great service. But, this location needs serious employee "restructuring."
2	I've eaten at several different Buffalo Wild Wing locations, but this particular location was a bad experience. Mostly just bad service. I bartender/waitress was missing half the time, so I couldn't get refills. I asked for my salad first, but she brought it with my food. The food took a long time, and then semi warm when it came, so I'm sure it was ready in the kitchen, but my server didn't notice it for a while. Then when I finally wanted to leave I couldn't find her to pay my bill and leave.
4	Tried the Buffalo Chicken Flat Bread, yum. then the Garlic infused Fried Mushrooms, breath not so great, but tummy and taste buds very happy
5	I am an official Buffalo Wild Wings Blazin' Challenge Winner! And i do that everytime I get bored. Need I say more?
3	Good burgers, good atmosphere. Can't complain.
4	Lively place good beer great staff and yummy food! Had a Italian Burger w/ mozzarella sticks, pepperoni and marinara sauce on the it! MMM MMm Mmm...
5	LOVE, there mango habanero!  A mix of spicy and sweet.  The wings were pretty big about 4" for the wing and a little less for the mini leg looking one.  Enjoy my wings with a side of buffalo chips (french fries in a round shape) and some blue cheese.  There hot are pretty tasty too.  Do not like the carabean jerk, those to me are pretty gross, but some of my friends do like them. I saw give it a try. Also a great place to catch the game or simply play some trivia.
2	I went here tonight to watch the Kansas vs Western Kentucky game. I knew it would be busy so I showed up early and patiently waited for a high top in the bar since I was alone. After I got a table my waiter was right there but it took awhile to get my beer, at least he took my wing order. When he delivered my beer and wings he didn't come back till my glass was empty. It took 15 minutes to get my new beer. According to my waiter it was because the tap had bown, but I saw the bartender pouring the same beer. As I am getting ready for the game I notice that the two big screens in the bar are on different games. Mind you I didn't expect both but 1 was on a lower seed game and the other was on a game that didn't star for 20 min. I asked for the channel to be changed and was told they don't change channels. I was shocked that a #1 team was going to only be on small TVs and started looking for my waiter to cash out, but he was nowhere to be found. Thankfully a nice waitress got me my tab but I had to go give it to my waiter. He took his own sweet time even though I was trying to leave to miss as little as the game as possible. He was a bad waiter and whoever the young girl in the white worker shirt was that said she wouldn't change the channel is an idiot.They get two stars for 2 reasons: the waitress that helped me get out of there faster and the manager who valiantly tried to keep me there. By that time I was shocked, pissed and I had tabbed out but at least he tried.bad service, and idiotic game scheduling will keep me out of this location for a long while.
5	Great Atmosphere, Loads of Fun, & good Beer.  :) Friday night however the food took a little long for just 12 wngs.  Other than that A-OK
3	Wings, Beer, Sports, NTN Trivia --- I mean, it's pretty self explanatory when you go into a Buffalo Wild Wings : )Nothing bad. Just chill vibe, and chill food.
1	If you are coming here before a game come early.... 30+ mins to order a soda, another 25 more to order food....hour 20 in and food is still not here.
4	Great service!  We were in a hurry to catch a plane and conveyed that to the hostess and waitress so we got speedy service.  The wings and drinks were good but a bit pricier than I expected.
2	Service is getting bad after a couple years. Relatively been ignored multiple visits, and have never been offered a water refill after the glass being empty for 20 minutes. The food's still good, but I take back what I said of relatively good service. Depending on the night I wouldn't expect much...
4	This location is near ASUIt's a big restaurant and there's outdoor seating.Service was excellent.  Wings and beer were excellent.Go and enjoy.  Happy hour prices are really good - it possible that this BWW is a tad less expensive than the average BWW.
5	The service is great here! Our waitress, Alyssa, is always checking to see if we need anything. This type of service, I usually only experience at a fine dining restaurant. The location is great since its so close to ASU! Our wings and appetizers are amazing and hot!
4	I attended my bestie's going away party here. She had won 50 free wings and invited us to pig out. We had our own little private room (I would have preferred to sit and mingle with the rest of the crowd). Service was good...football was playing...all's good.
2	The food here is alright. Never really was a big fan of BBW, but my cousin wanted to eat here because of the wing special they have on Thursdays, 60cents for boneless wings. It's a little too pricey for boneless wings I must say. I had the parmesan garlic wings and the chicken 'burlitos', which basically was a soft chicken taco. I don't recommend the parmesan garlic wings, it's wayyyy too saucy and the chicken burlitos was a disappointment. The only good thing about this place is that there's plenty of TV's to watch any sports game.
2	I've been here twice now.  I would go again if a friend wanted to only because the location is perfect for before or after an ASU volleyball game.The happy hour is decent.  $3 Vodka & Cranberry.  $3 garlic mushrooms.  I wouldn't pay more than that for either item.I tried the $1.99 veggies with medium buffalo sauce and blue cheese.  Of course the veggie and blue cheese were fine but I didn't care for the medium flavored buffalo sauce.I also had the soft pretzels with queso and garlic parm sauce.  The pretzels are small and hard and have no flavor.  The queso is icky and so is the garlic parm sauce.I like that kid drinks are free but my kids didn't care for the wings, boneless wings or small burger.They do like the dessert pizza but it is $7!!!  Plus they had no cheesecake bites the second time we had it.The service once was fine and the second time was horrible and slow.  Also the TV's are so loud it hurts my ears.
1	I don't normally do this, but I finally stopped being sick after eating here last night. I'd like to preface this by saying this is not a service review. The service was not the problem, although if she would have told me the Blue Moon was almost 7 dollars, I would have bought a six-pack of it on my way home instead. $5 would have been reasonable.The real problem what what I ate. We ordered the soft pretzels and cheese as an appetizer - they were fine. As a Canadian, when I saw they added a special - Poutine - I had a nostalgia moment and ordered it. It was a long way from the delicious, savory poutine from my homeland. For those of you who have never eaten poutine, it would fit right in with southern style cooking. Take french fries, add creamy cheese curds (or if you're not sure where to buy those, chopped up braided mozzarella works well too), top with fresh, steamy brown gravy. The gravy and heat from the fries melts the cheese into a melty mountain of yum.This was not what I experienced. First of all, the cheese curds were breaded and deep fried (another special appetizer they had). Instead of the poutine effect of creamy, melty, cheesy goodness, it was more like soggy clumps. I made due, it's been a while since I've had poutine. I asked for no pico de gailo, because I had no idea why it was included in their poutine. I didn't get any as part of the order, so once again, i praise the server for taking a proper order. There was enough gravy, but there was just something...off about it. It was very subtle, but there was a peculiar sourness to it that was enough for me to catch on my palette, but not enough for me to expect anything was wrong other than an odd recipe for one of my all-time favorite meals. The abdominal pain started at 2 am, about 4 hours after consuming the meal. I'm a tall guy so things take their time digesting...usually. I was not prepared for the razor like purge that followed. Without sharing too many details of the horror stories that went on in that room, I will say that finally, at 12 pm today, I stopped feeling sick.Now I don't know if it was the cheese curds or the gravy (leaning towards the gravy), but I feel like there were some definite corners cut in the kitchen. If you're going to be serving food to people, what's coming out of the kitchen is a reflection on both the chef staff and the management. You need to have standards. Taste your food. Keep it consistent. This is the only location that I've ever had such an experience. I hope this criticism serves as constructive, to prevent others from getting sick from the food. Please be conscious of the freshness of ingredients!
3	B-dubs won my heart with their selection of wing sauces and plentiful carrots and celery.  Things I appreciate about a chicken wing: plenty of meat on the bone (yes, the bone. Chickens have bones), the opportunity for more than one flavor, and flavorful sauces that won't burn my face off.  My favorite sauce is honey bbq, which is pretty classic.  Asian Zing is very tasty, but it has a little bit of a kick.  And parmesan garlic is actually too strong a flavor!  There are a few others I would like to try, but I won't be venturing farther down the thermometer than Asian Zing.  You can split flavors into increments of 5, so sharing is great if you want to try a few sauces.I've been in a couple of times to watch games or fights, and the atmosphere is great for that.  Good food that will keep on comin', there's usually a drink special of some kind, and TVs all around for easy viewing.  Keep in mind, if it's a major event making for a busy night, your whole party will need to be present before you will be seated.
2	Service is SLOW, I waited 27 mins just to place my order. My wings were pretty good but they are over over priced to say the least, for what 5 SMALL wings cost here I could pay a few more dollars and get a dozen somewhere else. Food     = 3 stars Service = 2 stars Value    = 2 stars
5	Personnel is very friendly, lots of movement during game days, loads of tvs to watch your preferred game...
4	We came here after the Lion King on a Saturday night at 11 pm. First time. Anyhow, at 11pm there was a huge crowd with lots of TVs surrounding the whole place. Every imaginable game on TV. It took awhile for our waitress to come to our table because they were so busy but once she came the service was really good. Taking our drink & dinner order. I was thinking about a burger and then realized where I'm at. It's Wild Wings so what are they known for wings. So many selections for the wings sauce. I ordered the boneless wings with Honey BBQ and Chipotle BBQ wet with Ranch. Really good. Crispy and not over cooked with a nice sauce. My daughter got wings with Honey BBQ and Asian Zing.  I tried the Asian Zing and really loved them. Really good sauce. Not to hot but good. My wife ordered the Asian Zing salad and we both warned her that it's a little spicy. She ate a little bite and enjoyed it but then it got too spicy for her. We asked the waitress and told her that it was too spicy for her and asked if she a get a chicken salad instead. No issues. The waitress replaced it for no charge. Very cool. The chicken salad was pretty good and not spicy at all. People were coming in and out the whole time we were there and still coming in after midnight. Very popular place. I enjoyed the meal. Lots of energy in the place.
4	Great place to eat and have wings - no surprise! Right next to the ASU campus so many tailgaters nearby for the games...plan ahead to come here if you ever go on game day. Also, ask for their happy hour specials.
4	Classic delicious wings. Beer specials for happy hour. Friendly bartenders/waiters that sing to you and their coworkers, and FOOTBALL/any other sport you could imagine on their numerous big screens around the bar. I hope you have a ride home after your awesome sports outing, because you should stay a while!
5	There is two things I love in life, beer and sports (but don't tell my wife that LOL). Buffalo Wild Wings or as my grandkids call it "B-Dubs" is a perfect combo of what matters most to me (again don't tell my family). I went in there with some old college buds to watch some football and get some beers and I was impressed. It was football sunday so it was busy as expected but the service was great and the food and beer was what I needed after a hard week or work (just kidding i'm retired) but still great place!
4	I Can't go wrong with Bww for some reason. There food isn't the greatest but I do enjoy the wings. I go with the mango habanero always. Its just the right amount of heat for me. My girl can't.take one bite but she tries.
3	B dubs definitely one of my favorite sporting bars in Tempe. Has some very nice selection of chicken wings boneless chicken wings and chicken sandwiches!
4	If you want a sports bar and Chicken Wings, this is your place  Service is terrific.  One can get Chicken Wings prepared any way and whatever size they want.  Not healthy, but yummy.
4	cant say too much about the food here, its the same at every BWW, but the service was great, came here on a sunday afternoon with a buddy of mine for some wings of course. Auriunna was excellent, attentive and fast.
3	The food is consistent at all of the BWW and it is good. The wings aren't cheap but the flavor is great and I like that you can split up the sauce flavor if you are sharing- one of our faves is honey BBQ. I gave this one 3 stars because of their service- it is SLOW. We went yesterday and it took about 30 minutes to get our food and then they brought out our appys with our dinner. When the "captain" came by to check on us we told him about this, he shrugged his shoulders. That was it.  They were out of an ingredient for a featured drink early on a Friday.  Service needs work but they are a really busy location.
1	Worst place ever. Sat there for 10 minutes with my 3 year old son and no one came to the table. 2 groups of people got helped who walked in after us. So worst service ever. Need to work on greeting people. The place wasn't even busy. I give this place a zero
1	Count your wings!  Ordered 40 wings and received 35 plus one scary boneless wing.  All this after waiting too long and being served tepid wings.  Asked for 6 medium wings to  cover the ones we did not receive and the odd one.  Received 5 sweet bbq wings.  I give up...you should too!
1	The service is very very slow. The server is on her first rotation by herself with a group of 17, WTF. The food was cold, no other server or manager came to help her out. I finally had to complain after 1 1/2 hours to the manager. I will never go here again.
5	Five stars for one outstanding service, Kailee was an awesome server. She was a delight! I can't really stand BWW's food, but her service made the entire experience. If the managers are reading this they need to reward her!
4	Its always a good place to watch sports because they have so mant tvs everywhere.On thursday nights they have 60 cent boneless wing night which is a huge steal. Personally id come here over wingstop just because the experience is better for an avid sports fan
4	Here for Game 1 of World Cup. place was crowded wall to wall. We ordered some appetizers, a burger and a huge order of numerous types of wings. And beer, did I say that? Yes, lots of beer, cheap and huge glasses of beer. Attractive young peppy staff that were keeping up as best they can during a surge time. They were doing a heck of a lot better than the Hooters girls were at the last championship boxing fight, to that I can attest. Mainly young guys in here (hear that, single girls?). Energy is good, you can play trivia, watch the game or hang out. No problem with rowdy friends, its a buzzing place. We got every flavor wing from Blazing hot (pretty dang hot but doable, to hot, to Mango Habanero (very good). Asian zing for the wimps (tastes like Panda Chicken, we all voted). And beer, did I say that? Everything good, great time again. Will be back
2	Food is good- I love their wings and they were out fast and hot. BUT their service is awful... And has been every time we've been here. It takes forever for someone to come check on you, drinks take forever, and just overall lagging. I know they're busy- it's MNF, and I love the place, so I hope for better experiences in the future.
3	Over-priced food, always quite loud and crowded, and always filled with scantily clad college floozies. The nickname "B-Dubs" Is the most annoying thing ever, too. I hate that nickname.DISCLAIMER: I don't really enjoy loud and crowded restaurants or sports bars in general, so I'm totally and utterly biased. If you're like me at all, you won't enjoy it.If you are NOT like me, you will probably enjoy it as much as my friends seem to.If you love meat, alcohol, sports and the possibility of seeing lots of college floozies, you will absolutely LOVE it. I'm serious. You really will. I hope you have fun!-I'm on a super tight budget, so the wings are too pricey for me. BUT, they do have a huge variety of flavors, so if you can afford it and like wings, I definitely recommend trying them. You WILL find a flavor you like. -For 6 or 7 dollars, you only get a couple of mozzarella sticks, which is disappointing, and although they are not the best, they are good.-At 2 or 3 dollars, the cheapest thing on the menu is the veggie tray, which has a generous amount of freshly cut carrot sticks and celery, which I thoroughly enjoyed.There are hundreds of huge TVs so scanning the room, you're bound to find something to watch. I actually had a passable time there when the Olympics were on.The waitresses have always been friendly and helpful. I am a quiet, college age person with no interest in sports or loud, crowded restaurants and I would never, ever, ever, ever come here on my own volition. BUT... my friends seem to like that sort of thing and if you do, too, you'll probably like Buffalo Wild Wings.
3	Went to this specific location to watch a world cup game (US vs Portugal).  Though we (group of 7) managed to get a seat inside during the hot summer day - the service wasn't very impressive.  We had to hand-hold and request the server for everything we needed - whether it be a glass of water, utensils, napkins, some form of plate, etc.  Out of frustration, we ended up requesting other servers to help us out but even then the service was close to poor.  Though our meals were done correctly, it took a very long time by the server to actually get the food out to us.  It seemed like server needed to be reminded that we actually ordered food.Not the greatest experience during game day.  I understand it can get busy and hectic, but that's not an excuse for service to fall behind either.  Overall, an okay experience.
5	I had lunch at the bar yesterday. The male bartender was very friendly and provided very fast service. I had the Buffalito/Salad combo. The bartender didnt seem annoyed that I only wanted an Ice Tea to drink which was cool. I am not local, so I probably will not be back. But if you are in town and in-need of a quick lunch, def stop in! They have my fav beer on tap! 312 Goose Island. Try that if you have never had one before :)
1	Walked over to Buffalo Wild Wings due to the craziness of trying to get to Mill on the 4th and was super disappointed!! We sat down and there was only a couple other tables and quickly ordered a beer; however we never got it! Our server never came back to give us our beers even though they were sitting there for about 8 minutes to get picked up. After watching him walk over to them multiple times and him not bring us our drinks, we had to leave. Super disappointed!
4	Great people, food, drinks and fun. The servers are welcoming and friendly. It's also a great place to watch sporting events such as UFC pay-per-views.
2	I wouldn't mind coming to this location to eat and watch TV because the food and the menu and the wings all seem like they have a great selection. Place is very spacious and open and there are plenty of servers to help out when you need it. The only reason I would not continue coming to this place is because they blast the music so loud but you cannot hear anybody three feet away from you. Even the waiters have issues trying to get your order and have to yell back at you over the loud music. Went there last night to have wings at 130 in the morning and sure enough the music was so loud that we thought if we ever want to have wings again to bring our ear plugs with us.
2	Went here one night with a couple of girl friends who all live in the gilbert area (including me at the time) when we were in the Tempe area and had the case of late night munching. We came in a got seated right away. The service was pretty average, our wait or made sure we had our drinks full at all times. I can't say I was pleased with the drinks or food they served. I ordered an ice tea of some sort and I could practically crunch the sugar in my teeth! The wings were almost cold when they brought them out and tasted like they hardly had any meat left on them! Pretty disappointed at this location from all the times we have gone to BWW we have never been so grossed out by the food. Next time we want wings we definitely won't come to this one.
4	My buddies and I know came here on a Sunday because we were going to hold our annual draft here. One of my friends had reserved this place maybe a month ago so I was really excited about that since there was no hassle. We got there maybe 15 minutes early before our reserve time and they were able to take care of us. Our table was near the entrance. It was enough for at least two draft parties.  The waitress we got was really good. She was patient and very professional because sometimes a party of 15 I assume can be overwhelming because of different orders and special requests, but all in all she was excellent. I'd so the only down side was a miscommunication when it came to the check because there was an item on there that I feel we didn't order. I think one of my buddies took care of it and we moved on. Speaking of the food, I'm not really a big fan of most of their items, but I did think in my opinion the mango habenero is really good, just a little spicy. The other item was a dessert item called cinnamon squares and those were just something you had to get another order of. Overall, that day we went I thought everything I had planned went very smoothly. So, for us reserving the place at Buffalo Wild Wings for our draft party they provided us with some goodies. They provided us with a draft chart and stickers of the players name so we can put together ourselves. There was a championship flag, coupons to share within the group, coasters with our draft numbers, and also bottle openers. I thought that was cool with all the items, but slightly prefer last years because they provided us with a beer can holder and everyone in our draft got a $10 gift card. Hopefully, they can change that back, but all in all it was a pleasant experience for a draft and we'll definitely make sure we hold our draft party here again!!
4	This is a great place for wings and beer right across from campus. The service is great and the vibe very cool. New menu rolled out just in time for college football season. Jamie is manager is fantastic. She always makes it a point yo stop by and make sure all is good ....
2	The chicken ain't cheap, but neither is the beer...Oh, and my wife got the deep fried pickles and they were GROSS. The pickles were very slimy and for a minute I thought I was eating food that someone had spit on... Maybe I was.. Bleh!
5	So much variety, so little time.The honey,spicy,mild, teriyaki are all so wonderful and very flavorful.I've never had a bad experience and all the wings I've ever had here have to be the best. Probably the only place I eat wings at. Super super super good.
1	I will never go to this BWW again. The service is slow, and the staff is rude. They forgot to put half my items in the bag for my take out. The person on the phone was rude and too busy to even try to make the situation right. So my wife got cold take out, and I had to go somewhere else for my dinner.  Thanks for hanging up on me. You lost a consistent customer.
3	Was here only on Tuesday and Thursday....other days its costlier....shrimp is my favorite along with chicken.......loved the ambience the most.....best place to hangout with friends....great service.....there is waiting time which I dont like......
5	It was my first time visiting this location and decided to sit at the bar. The bartender Gilbert was outgoing and provided a welcoming environment. This location was also busier than most I've been to; with that said I've worked in the restaurant industry and acknowledged the interaction of the staff with the managers and was impressed to stay the least. I will definitely be coming back to this location.
3	Food was ok. Ordered hot wings but they were way too hot. Atmoshohere was nice but place was packed and service took forever. Not a big fan but not the worse place in the world either.
