4	This is a Asian fusion restaurant that just recently opened in February of this year. It's located in cool ol' Westmount. Came here twice for brunch & dinner and both times? AWESOME. It's on the pricier end, but you get what you pay for. For dinner I tried the tasting menu (60$) and turns out they change their tasting menu quite often. Every week I think. Anyway it was 6 course meal and boy was I full and satisfied. Some of my courses included a panna cotta (sp?) for dessert, tofu pocket, 1865 beef, salmon tuna ceviche, cauliflower soup etc Honestly, you won't be disappointed with the tasting menu, but prepare to spend at least 70-80 for that. I highly recommend ordering the sushi, I find it's their signature. So don't expect Kanda/Tokyo/Odaki kind of sushi. I'm talking high-end quality sushi here. For brunch I tried a more regular menu. I ordered a bibimbap and my friend ordered a kim chi B.L.T. I wished I ordered the kim chi B.L.T but I have a soft spot for bibimbap. I tried the other dish as well as my own and both were spectacular. The bibimbap was sweet and spicy, tasted really healthy. I believe the rice was brown and the portion size was just right.  The B.L.T was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had in my life. Great combination with egg kimchi bacon, lettuce and tomatoes. I had a mediocre smoothie though. But that's fine, they dont specialize in smoothies anyways. I am definitely a fan and will be a regular. Highly recommend the tasting menu. Oh and make sure to reserve!PS My only complaint is the waiters/waitresses need to improve their service more for example being more knowledgeable with their food, less redundant when explaining the menu, and being more natural. I found that one of the waiters that was serving me the third time I came, to be a very unnatural and came off a bit fake.
2	Love the food. Not a big fan of the environment. The Chef/Owner/Namesake Antonio Park is charismatic but he lacks a staff around him to really make the restaurant work. Excited to see what it can become but not terribly impressed with the dining experience thus far.
5	Irish organic salmon toro, maple syrup top torched, with kabayaki sauce. If you've never had salmon belly before, then I highly encourage you shave the soul patch off your chin unfriend Pauly Shore on Facebook and join us in 2012. Arguably the best cut of fish, the belly is unctuous, fatty, delicious and parallels the sweet warmth of a loving bosom of your significant other who's in debt to you for one reason or another and owes you a favour. Prepared by singeing the top with a torch, a caramelized crust is formed and some of the fat melts, leaving each bite close to a religious experience.
5	It's hard to find words to describe the food & sushi of Antonio Park: SUBLIME, GORGEOUS, DIVINE all come to mind. It's very expensive at dinner (worth every penny) but lunch is way more affordable and no less incredible, try the bim bop!Treat yourself to Omakase dinner selected by Park himself and you'll be talking about this place for weeks.
5	We had dinner at RP twice so far and are ready to say that RP seems to foster the opportunities for Montrealers to have a high-end sushi & sashimi experience with reasonable prices. That said, we don't feel that the whole dinner was too expensive for what we got when coming out of the restaurant (remember that some pricey restaurant used braised cabbage and carrot for half an entire dish. Boo..) : it is totally worth of every dollar we pay at RP! Every dish was a surprise and what we needed from start to end of the meal - especially, we LOVED the pan-seared fish in the course since having been craving grilled fish alike! It feels like Chef Park creates meals depending on the customer  psychic Chef Park!
5	Best sushi platter for lunch anywhere in the city: the Park Lunch.Also, for only $21, considering the freshness and quality of the fish you're getting, it's a great value on top!
5	I liked this place.  The decor is up there with my favourite restaurants.  This is the style of place I love...not too fancy but still classy and cool.The food was awesome.  I tried a few different dishes but loved the sashimi I had.  And the desert was killer!   I'm not usually a dessert guy but this sandwich type thing with amazing.Next time I wil llikely have the sampler because everything looked great on it!  The chef here obviously takes pride in his work.
4	Hello Sushi is it me your looking for? Let's focus on my two favorite things, food and service. The choices at Park move beyond the realm of sushi into a whole new world of Japanese fusion. For example who wouldn't love aged black angus served on a giant slab of Himalayan rock salt? I did. It was great. I want more. You want to order sushi which you can. You will not be disappointed. Mouth watering scrumptious, flavorful morsels of rice and other goodies. Simply, angelically awesome. Best sushi I have had to date. So let's talk about service. Service is the only reason I didn't give Park 5 stars. That and the really really dark decor which makes it impossible to see what your ordering or eating and which plays into the service aspect. Let me explain. When the menu is written on a black chalkboard in a dark room there is not other option but to ask your server what is on the menu. If the server is nervous and does not know the menu well or cannot explain to you what things are made with, there is a problem. As my server you are meant to be my guide into an unchartered world. If you are visibly fumbling when questions are asked I will not be able to trust you as my guide on my culinary foodie adventure and may not feel comfortable with your suggestions. Apart from our visibly nervous server the food was off the hook awesome with a capital A. Go, eat and feel bad about the bill later.
5	I have been 4 times to this restaurant and it never ceases to impress me! First, you absolutely have to get the omakase menu which is the tasting menu including 5-6 items that the chef changes accordingly to the new arrivals.  And do get the places right in front of the sushi bar to be able to look at the crazy knife skills of Chef Park.The most unique feature of this restaurant is how chef Antonio Park goes about to get his fish as fresh as possible.  His efforts to import the fish directly from Japan while keeping it as ecologically as possible are beyond mind blowing.  He uses different techniques such as acupuncture to kill the fish to maximizing its sweetness while minimizing its suffering. His sushi and sashimi dishes are unique such that the garnishes are packed with flavors without hiding the the characteristics of each fish.  The presentation are incredibly visually appealing.Apart from fish, Park also offers meat and seafood dishes.  The short ribs are absolutely flabbergasting as its flavor is enhanced by its side dishes and oh-so-tender! The 1855 steak is aged for two years and served on himalayan salt block which not only adds to the wow! factor but also gives the surfaces of the meat this salty crust.  His desserts are also creative, colorful and deliver an array of promising flavors and texture!All in all, restaurant Park is definitely a must-try as you really cannot find any better dish fresher and tastier than his! The chef is there every single day and has such a great passion in every single dish that comes out of his kitchen!  Ah and they also offer lunch and brunch on saturday.  The restaurant is closed on sundays.
3	Came here last night with a group of 7 people. I made the reservation about 2 weeks in advance, and was told over the phone that the entire table had to go with the omakase (tasting) menu; luckily for our crew, that was completely fine.We all arrived on time and were seated around a horseshoe-shaped booth. The ambiance of this place is a cool elegance and the music was really good and not too loud.I lived in Vancouver for so many years, that I have always scoffed at the very idea of sushi in Montreal but several people I know (and trust food-wise) told me that Park was off the charts awesome and that I would love it. Perhaps my expectations were set too high and it pains me to only give the place 3 stars, but I have definitely had better sushi before; many times before.The omakase menu started with a soup, it was quite good. It was followed by the oysters. They were fabulous and the chimichurri sauce was a really tasty, unexpected pairing. The scallop that followed up was incredible: cooked just right, seasoned perfectly...I could have eaten an entire plate of those. Next came the sashimi...although presented beautifully, only 1 of them had a unique taste (the salmon) and the rest were very bland and indistinguishable from the others. The seared ahi tuna which came after arrived on the biggest plate I have ever seen. I normally love seared ahi, but this one was very overcooked, white throughout, salty and chewy; I didn't even eat half of it as it hurt my jaw to chew it. The dessert however was delicious, simple and yummy.The pros: cool cocktail list, great wine selection, amazing desserts, the oysters and scallops, prices.The cons: many of the dishesOne more con: being asked every 5 minutes if we would like more water (their policy is to only leave a bottle at your table if you purchase a bottle, but if you are just drinking plain old water, well then too bad, you will be asked for a refill over and over again: felt almost bullied into buying bottled water)All in all, the reviews are too good to not give this place one more chance...perhaps they had an off night, a late fish delivery...I dunno. I want to love Park, so stay tuned for an updated review once I give it one more go.
4	Delicious tasting menu, and chill decor for Westmount. It's odd to trek out there for a meal like that and feel like there's nowhere really to go after, but really the dodgy neighborhoods with the good bars are just on the other sides of tracks or underpasses. This ex-Kaizen chef is stretching out, having fun, enjoying the freedom and space and you can tell. The sushi is exceptional for Montreal (we are freaking far from an ocean, don't get your hopes too high up.) The sweet salmon was the best, and in general the sushi were original, with flowers and herbs and perfect seasoning. Well worth the trip if you are craving some of the best sushi in town.
4	Wow! Great sushi. Latina's influenced. Loved it. Nice small terrace. Seats are not  very comfortable (narrow and low). Superb food, but pricey.
4	After a wonderful walk through Westmount, my mom and I decided to have an early lunch at Restaurant Park. The experience was delightful, and the ambiance was cool and relaxed. We sat outside on their sidewalk patio and shared two lunch specials, the bibimbap with salmon and a plate with 16 or so pieces of sushi. Everything came fresh and perfectly put together. Their bibimbap was plentiful and wholesome, made with wild rice and quinoa, yummy vegetables, and a perfectly pink-flakey salmon, topped by a savory sweet-spicy dressing.The sushi was delicious, from their smoked salmon to their tuna, along with the amazing roll that came lightly drizzled by some holy-mouthwatering dressing.You can truly taste the difference at this restaurant -- great quality condiments, great quality fish, great quality EVERYTHING.Thank you, Antonio Park!
5	Unbelievable sushi, easily the most creative and high quality in the city. The Omakase menu is outrageously huge with each course seemingly more over the top than the last. Great sake list too. This is the kind of restaurant one expects to find in NY not our sleepy little borough, Park is one of the current greats in town...
3	food was very good.  service was attentive, but obviously adapted to montrealers' expectations. it doesn't take you to japan.  only complaint was that the makis were large and rice was not seasoned enough to my taste, leaving the sauce as the strongest flavour.  sashimi was a winner.  no soy sauce served, none needed.  Jalapeno slices were served, but definitely un-needed.
2	It is not worth the price at all. We found bones in our salmon dish, a piece of shell in the urchin. I was wondering if it is normal for a $90+ tasting menu?The service was unprofessional. Our waitress obviously did not have a clue how many courses were in the tasting menu. She kept telling us this would be the final course, and bummm, five minute later we got another one. The most ridiculous thing was when she was presenting one of the dishes, she mistaken an olive for a pear. And yes, PEAR. How the hell was that even remotely possible????????And more about the food, since I know their fish supplier. There is nothing new/surprising to me on the raw ingredients they use. All it left here is the chef's skill, and how well mr.park put they together. The strongly sour sauce definitely ruined my urchin. And my salad was like someone pours 1 ton of sea salt on top of it.The only reason I gave it a 2 star is for freshness of the raw ingredients, that's all, not the skills.
5	Best sushi I've ever had!! You must sit at the sushi bar and order the omakase (tasting) menu. The tasting menu includes 5 - 7 courses that the chef selects. I can't remember the exact number because after the fourth course I was so happy and satisfied the rest of the evening is a blur :-) .... And towards the end of the meal, the chef surprised me with an extra course as a gift :-) I sat at the sushi bar, so I could watch the chef work.  It was amazing.  The chef is pleasant (we had a delightful conversation) and his food is a work of art! I was in awe. Some of the courses were so beautiful it almost felt wrong to disturb them.  I also loved the ambiance. It's trendy without being pretentious. It's in a delightful neighborhood. And the music is great: old-school R&B! This was more than a great meal, it was an experience! This place makes me wish I lived in Montreal!!
4	Trust in your ingredients. Showcase the product. My enjoyment of the TV show Top Chef Canada has made these statements stick in my head to the point where they just sound like stupid TV buzzwords now. However, there is definitely something to be said for a more restrained approach - one where things are not overdone. The freshness and unique flavours of the ingredients are allowed to shine. Restaurant Park definitely falls into this category of locale. Park is the brainchild of chef Antonio Park, formerly of Kaizen and someone I had heard many great things about. Funny enough, I'd had lunch there very shortly after the place opened and before word-of-mouth had actually developed. Fast-forward over a year later and I was back for dinner - very specifically for the Omakase, the chef's tasting menu. When one comes to Park, this was apparently the way to do it. Simply let chef Antonio and his staff work their magic.The first course was a Heirloom tomato soup with jalapeno and fried plantain chips. Now given this was a warm summer evening, the presence of a warm soup as a entree was a little odd but the flavours worked well enough. Nice sweetness of the tomatoes with the spicy of jalapeno mixed nicely. The consistency of the soup was nice and smooth all the way through. The fried chip added some crunch and the use of plantain added a little extra sweetness.The second course was a zucchini flower stuffed with veal sweetbreads and tempura fried on a bed of heirloom tomato with 12 yr old Balsamic vinegar and natural yogourt. This looked so good that I forgot to take a picture before digging in so pardon the half-eaten one below. The sweetbreads were cooked perfectly. The tomatoes and the vinegar provided some acidity to balance the fattiness of the veal. The tempura added a nice crunch as well.The next course was the Nigiri plate. This was the main event of the evening. Chef Antonio has a private fish import license so he brings over fresh, never frozen fish from places like Japan a few times a week. In some cases, the fish has been send over using Kaimin tai technique where the fish has been acupunctured to maintain a high level of freshness compared to traditional methods of killing and shipping fish. we were served 6 different kinds of fish - each on top of sushi rice and a small additional element/seasoning. The extra elements ran the gamut from a tapping leaf to chimichurri to marinated caviar to maple syrup and fresh wasabi. This was pretty much the freshest sushi I have ever eaten. Simple and elegant, there was no need for wasabi or soy sauce hence why there wasn't any of the table anyway. The fish just fell apart in your mouth and the little extra each added a unique element but without overpowering the natural flavours of each fish. This Nigiri has probably destroyed my future enjoyment of Nigiri anywhere else in Montreal so I guess I will need to stick to maki rolls outside of Park.The fourth course was fresh brown butter BC halibut on a plate of razor clams, radishes and Quebec corn. The overall technique and execution here was flawless. Beautifully fresh and flaky halibut with a wonderfully rich brown butter sauce. The combination of clams, radishes and corn add some lightness to the rich sauce. A very nice main course dish.The final course was of course dessert. Chef Antonio served us Patbingsu, a Korean dessert of shaved ice and sweetened azuki beans. The flavours of the shaved ice were cantaloup, pineapple and watermelon and that was augmented with fresh fruits and hazelnuts. For me personally, this was the least successful dish of the evening. To be fair, I am not a fan of melons (yeah I know.... let's just move on from here) so 2 of the 3 flavours didn't work for me but the whole combination of everything felt kind of flat. No real punch or "wow" moment. A bit of letdown to finish the meal but the rest of the menu will eliminate this dish from my memory.Omakase means "I'll leave it to you" which in the capable hands of chef Antonio is definitely the right call. Everything Chef Antonio presents you shows a level of respect and reverence for the product which can only be described as elegant. Technique just shines through at every level. Restaurant Park is worth a visit if only to try the Nigiri or Sashimi but I suspect you will find other dishes to enjoy as well. Park may just have driven my sushi standards up a notch but if that means I have to come back more often for sushi, that may not necessarily be a bad thing.Cheers!
4	It's good, the tasting menu is worth trying but next time we will try smth else.
5	VIBE Firstly, the restaurant is the ideal size and you can tell it's a real neigbhourhood place. A true medium sized resto. Not too big, not too small but just right - intimate yet with a little space (like we all want in our relationships, restaurants or otherwise). Chef Antonio Park and his manager Helen are rockstars and will cater to your requests. If you're at the chef's table, you are in luck! THE FOOD I had come from a 7 course tasting meal that night so honestly, I don't remember all of the food. I do know that Antonio imports all of his fish privately from Southern Japan and in the freshness, you can tell! I don't usually eat sashimi because I don't trust where it comes from but here, I'm eating it. Antonio has one of the most spotless kitchens I have ever seen anywhere. That said, I do remember the buratta with a bit of an asian take on it. Pheonemnal. Also, I remember the fish he served with truffle oil sauce and a bit of chimichurri (Park grew up in South America so you'll get some of those influences). This was all because he asked what we liked and didn't like. Truly incredible service. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Park yourself here again and again. I really think it's one of the most underrated restaurants in Montreal and worth the trek (or you could just cab it!).
4	Interesting place. Tried the Omakase menu and I must say it was pretty impressive.The staff are incredibly friendly and the decor is very classic and cozy
5	OK so a short and sweet review because sometime simplicity is key. Especially in this case, when the food is so precise, so thoughtful and so exquisite that you should sit back and relax and enjoy one of life ultimate pleasure : eating. However your credit card better have room since it can get pricey. But a truly happy and satisfied stomach is priceless.So go and take the omakase and trust chef park skills, he knows what he's doing. And he does it amazingly well.
3	My meal here summarizes easily:Organic hipster asian fusion with poor service. $30 chirashi bowls and $7 miso soup at lunch time should come with water refills. Food is good quality, but lacks authenticity.If you want to try, make reservations.
3	Went on Saturday, for the wait the food was just meh. The service also was a little lacking. But when you factor in the price it's a real disappointment, $7 for miso soup? Really? And 20 for a Bi bim bap. I mean if it was that good I wouldn't mind.
5	Stopped in on a Saturday for lunch. Note that weekends they do not have the usual week lunch menu. It is a brunch menu that has a few traditional breakfast items with a twist.  There are also some healthy lunch options such as bibimbap.   I had the deconstructed salad for 2 which consisted of iceberg, mixed greens, lentil and quinoa salads. A nice light lunch. The green tea is unique in Montreal which is a private import. A must try for green tea lovers!
5	One of my last meals as a native Montrealer and couldn't have picked a better place. Chef Park is a wizard of underwater deliciousness and every course of the omakase was divine. He asked me if I was still hungry and topped it off with a bowl of sashimi and gave me recommendations for his fav NY sushi places consisting mostly of chefs he trained with in Japan. Maybe it's all the white Burgundy talking; but when he fist bumped me after I paid for my cheque, I must say  I'm not sure what were brighter...the fireworks upon my tastebuds during the meal, or the fireworks in my mind from the amazing experience that was Restaurant Park overall.
5	Great fresh and sustainable sushi. I had the Blue Fin tuna toro and it was just awsome. A lot of hockey players and celebrities rubbing shoulders if you are into those thinga.
5	The bomb. Foodies, add this one to your list !Park has some of the freshest, most delicious sashimi I have never had. The fish melted in my mouth. Treat yourself to their 5-course tasting menu which will include sashimi, but also great dishes such as an asian noodle soup, poached lobster and seared fish. An absolute must.
4	Modern food is like modern art.. At first some find it insulting to the history of art/food to try new directions. But there is this magical moment when something new feels so right that you feel like you are experiencing the future today.
2	My wife and I went out of our way to find this restaurant based on an excellent feature newspaper review we read recently.  The major disappointment was, when we arrived this Saturday afternoon, they did not offer their usual sushi fare...only a sparse weekend brunch menu. Nothing on their web site mentioned this fact. We ordered a sashimi platter over a brown mixed rice ball (for an extra $5 each) totaling $34 per person. The cost was not the issue. We wanted to splurge more on the creative delicacies they advertise.  After all, we spent over $25 round trip via taxi from Olde Montreal. The sashimi was fresh but the issue was we didn't get what we expected--a varied selection and sushi experience.  We will never go out of our way to return.
4	High end sushi with the freshest fish available. It's sourced directly from Japan which is why the rolls are very up there nj price. That being said you go here accepting the price and prepared to consume art. Chef Antonio Park is a Montreal treasure. My advice for ordering: leave it up to your server. Every time I've gone I've had the nigiri tasting menu and a selection of super creative rolls that blew my mind one after another.
2	ThIs restaurant is OVERRATED.  Don't be fooled by the hype. First, as many reviewers mentioned, the wait is VERY long between servings. I waited easily 45 mins for  the appetizer. Second, the rice is not cooked well. As any sushi eater knows, rice is the most basic and the most important thing they must master. I don't know if it's the chef's fault.....but the rice was not consistent. It was sometimes too vinegary, sometimes too sweet and fell apart.  It's really easy to have the freshest fish and have the greatest quality of fish. You just have to have to buy or order the best fish possible. People think the sushi is great because the fish is "fresh" and melting in their mouth. I'll repeat myself, the most important and the first thing they have to master is making a good rice. That's no way you can call yourself a sushi chef if you cannot make the rice right. You might have a great knife and the freshest fish, chef Park did not impress me. I was sitting at the sushi bar in front of chef Park. I was truly disappointed that he was telling me all about the numbers of restaurants and the tv shows he was going to appear on. I have sat at many sushi bar. What an experience it is to see the humble sushi chef who has worked all his life to master the art of sushi. I do not care about the cost of my meal, as long as it worth it.  I am sorry, but the price I paid for my meal did not correspond to the quality and the details of other sushi restaurants. I wanted to mentioned that I didn't try the other Korean plates on the menu. Therefore cannot comment on them, Unfortunately, I have no intention on coming back.
3	The Good: * Much of the food is very good, best quality sushi / sashimi I've had in Montreal thus far. A bit fresher and better than Jun-I's. Some of the fish tasted, pardon the imagery, as if the chef had just killed it. * Nice ambiance. Particularly on the inside. The small terrace is okay, but occasionally punctuated by loud sounds of cars along the main streets.  * Excellent selection of uncommon sakes and beers. The Joe Beef lager (made locally at Joe Beef, presumably) was excellentThe Bad: * Somewhat overpriced. The posh location in Westmount caters to wealthy residents for whom money isn't an object, and hence price inflation. For instance, glasses of wine run $14-16-- and wine portions are small. * The menu situation and waitering service were absurd, almost on the level of a Monty Python sketch. . . There is no print menu, everything is written on three large chalkboards within the restaurant in medium-sized letters. This is all well and good, and works in certain pubs and restaurants. But given the layout of this restaurant and the size the text was printed in, this method is not particularly helpful to those who don't have great vision, or those sitting on the terrace, where we were. From the terrace, the menu inside the restaurant is either completely or partially obstructed, but in any case too far away to see. The waiter then attempts to recount verbally all the items on the relatively long menu, sans prices. (Who needs to know the prices of what they're ordering, right?) Our waitress had selective memory: she would recount only random drinks and items. After ordering appetizers based on the choices she listed, and thinking that they sounded strangely sparse, out of curiosity I got up and walked inside the restaurant to look at the menu boards (awkward, considering one is in the way of the people dining therein). Thereupon I realized that there was not just one salad, as the waitress had said, but a choice of 4 salads, not 2 sushi appetizers, as she had said, but actually 5, not 1 X, but actually 3, and so on. She had ordered my friend "the" salad, and when it arrived, he found out it was one of the more fancy salads on the menu. He had wanted a plain salad. When he asked why she'd put an order in for this one, and not mentioned all the available choices, she said 'That's the one most people get.'Anyway, long story short, this menu situation and selective memory on the waitress' part led to all sorts of zany mishaps. Additionally, she did not really explain any of the sauces and so on that were paired with the sushi dishes, leaving us wondering how we should eat what with what, and would disappear for long stretches at a time. In conclusion to this epic tale: Good food, decent ambiance, questionable prices, absurd service. To become the fine establishment this place aspires to be, they definitely need to work at least on the latter aspect.
