1	This was the most disgusting, poorly maintained hotel I have ever stayed in.  The floor was filthy, the bedspreads stained and ripped, there were hairs on a pillow, and stains all over the walls, especially in the bathroom.  The lid for the toilet tank was sitting askew and the toilet randomly ran throughout the night.  The toilet paper holder was broken and the roll of toilet paper was sitting on the lid for the tank.  Only one washcloth and a hand towel were provided and they were stuffed into a rusty metal rack above the sink.  The air conditioner/heating unit had no knobs and there was trash under one of the beds.  The smoke detector hung from the ceiling by a bare wire.I checked with the front desk to see about another room, not having much hope for anything better, but they were supposedly booked full and no one was available to clean my room.  (I'm just assuming they don't even have housekeeping staff.)After deciding I couldn't sleep there, I called other hotels in the area only to find that they were booked and I had no choice but to stay, so I pulled the sheets off both beds and put them on top of the bedspread--this was the only way I felt relatively clean about attempting to sleep there.  There are also apparently "permanent residents" at this hotel and they are loud, rude, and obnoxious, so I got to sleep for maybe about 4 hours.
2	The rooms in this hotel vary from nearly acceptable to revolting. I stayed in one room (maybe 151) that was beat up but essentially clean. I stayed in another (252?) where the bathroom linoleum was so malformed that it bulged into hills and valleys like a plate of corrugated tin.There were lots of people lingering around the parking lot at 1AM and I hadn't been on the property 5 minutes before a guy was hitting me up for the last $5 to pay the day's rent.Unless you're desperate, pretend like this place doesn't exist.2013 #159 / 365
1	I hate to leave 1-star reviews, I REALLY do. To date, this only makes number 7. I try to find some redeeming quality in every establishment I review. I can not do that for Rodeway Inn. In fact, Rodeway Inn is so bad, it makes me want to go back to my previous 1-star reviews and leave them two stars.I booked this place a few weeks ahead of the ACC football championship. I'm not a picky guy, I can deal with pretty dinky conditions, so long as the place is clean. I picked Rodeway because of its proximity to the stadium and its price. I pull up and immediately I'm turned off. It is so rundown outside, it looks like a crack motel. I'm an Atlanta native, so a little crack doesn't scare me, but this place seriously looks like every bad vision of a crappy hotel rolled into one location. I get into the room, it reeks of cigarette smoke. The toilet is running, the air conditioning unit is dirty. The TV remote doesn't work, and the only way to turn off the TV (which looks itself like a holdover from the first Clinton administration) is by unplugging it. The reception was terrible. There were cigarette burns in the carpet and linens. The box spring was a nasty mess. Luckily, I had an old sheet in my trunk that I use when I take my dogs in the car. Let me restate that: I WOULD RATHER SLEEP ON DOG BEDDING THAN THE LINENS PROVIDED BY THE HOTEL. I put my jacket over the pillow to avoid contact.The shower leaked, so the floor was covered with water after my one shower. I didn't even shower the second day, I was so grossed out. And while I was gone, someone came in and took all of my towels, but didn't replace them or clean the room. There were brown stains on the wall by the toilet....at least I hope they were stains. In the morning, while I was brushing my teeth, I noticed a hair on the mirror. And it was a curly wurly, if you catch my drift. We are well into December, and the swimming pool was filled with gross water. The walls are paper thin, so I was privy to all the goings on in the room next to me all night (they like to party late). There is a wifi connection, but it's open, so I wouldn't really expect any sort of security there.Do not, do not, in the most emphatic way that I can say it, do NOT book this hotel.
