4	5 star desserts and coffee. And check out those hours on the website! They actually stay open late enough to serve the Squirrel Hill Theater movie crowd.Fresh, delicious cookies and such (oh, Alfajores!), tasty sandwiches on great bread and even an informative binder about the food and beverages and where they come from and why it all tastes so good.  So, for the love of all that is tasty and good, do NOT go to Starbucks. Try something new, become a regular.Note: the hot chocolate is not great. That's sad. Hence the 4 stars.
4	To be able to drink a chocolate bar dunked in hot milk is just divine.  Their authentic drinks and sweets really hit the spot. It is a small but cozy location and they have some very interesting groups that congregate there, including a knitting group and Spanish lessons.  This is a wonderful Argentinian family-owned cafe that everyone should try at least once.
5	Another great foodie moment in Pittsburgh. We just wanted to stop driving and grab a coffee and took the first exit we saw. Actually I lie because my wife was glued to her iphone trying to find a good place to stop. But I'd like to think we stumbled upon this place because this is the kind of shop that you tell you friends about."oh so we were in Pittsburgh the other day and found this awesome Argentinean coffee house that served an extraordinary, flavorful, thick and rich hot chocolate... right accross from a Starbucks"The flan is how all flans should be made, and has that unmistakable flavor. Great times.The service is a little slow but the owner is all by herself. Who cares, she's very friendly.
4	My boyfriend and I took the day off work to enjoy the warm, sunny weather.  On the way back from washing the car, we passed the Tango Cafe and decided it was high time we got some empanadas.  They run about $2.25 each, I think.  I also got a "fruit ice" which is canned fruit blended with ice.  It took the woman a few minutes to get it all together, but I would much rather wait a few minutes than have her just grab food that's been sitting under a heat lamp!  it's cash only, so keep that in mind.  Clearly she was the owner, the only employee in the whole place.  She was quiet but friendly.My fruit ice (I got the peach kind) was refreshing as advertised, but simple.  It literally tasted like canned peaches blended with ice, but since that's exactly what fruit ice is made of, I expected and enjoyed it.  They also offer fruit smoothies if you want something that presumably tastes fresher.  We took our snacks home, and dug in.  We got four for two of us which I think is a good snack size.  The empanadas are quite small - maybe 4-5 bites each - if you wanted lunch, you might want 4 for yourself.We tried the beef, the sausage, the chicken, and the spinach.  All were quite good - the crust looked and tasted unquestionably homemade.  They were hot and still a little shiny from the fryer.  The beef was my favorite - well seasoned, with a hint of olive flavor.  The chicken tasted very fresh.  The spinach was nice since it added a relatively healthy snack to the mix.  All of them were very good little bites.Please come for a snack, and support a  local business.  Sounds like the coffee and pastries are really special - we didn't try either this time - so I will no doubt be back for more!
5	Stopped here with boyfriend for some dessert. Great stuff!! We got a few different things... all yummy. I can't remember what the chocolate cookie was called but it had dulce de leche in the middle and was wonderful!!
3	Had some great beef empanadas here.  Probably the best I've had in the Burgh for sure.  However, don't expect them to be deep fried and super crispy, like say, what is customary in Puerto Rico (yes I know Tango is Argentinean).  Also, had the mocha latte here, and it was just OK.  Nothing fantastic and definitely not bad.  I will definitely be coming back though for some tasty empanadas!
5	What's not to like? It's never crowded, the coffee is fresh and tasty, and the empanadas are fantastic! (I prefer the sausage ones, but the chicken and the rest are quite tasty as well.) I like coming here while people are being tutored in Spanish; it provides the most pleasant background noise.
5	Well it's closed now folks!  What a great loss to the community.  Tango Cafe was more than just a good cup of Joe. Liliana Petruy started the business shortly after she emigrated from Argentina.  As the TribLive says, "She let local artists display their work on her walls. She scheduled regular live musical performances. She gave Spanish lessons and dance instruction, including, of course, the tango."  Petruy has since moved back to Argentina.  Rick and I stopped in here a couple of times and I for one will miss the terrific flan.  Fortunately for us, there are still a few independently run coffee houses and a few locally owned chains.  Patronize those, folks.  They help keep our world from becoming a McWalBucks!
