1	If you ever wonder how bad fast food can get, come to Avondale. They've put us off Panda Express indefinitely due to:1.) Incompetent help2.) TERRIBLE food3.) Creating the impression #1 and #2 are what people want, apparently in lieu of food.And yes, we've contacted mgmt.
2	Since I found Great Wall (35th and Camelback) and Little Saigon (58th and Glendale) I don't like Panda Express. Plus my favorite SweetFire Chicken Breast is nothing but fried dough and not much chicken in it. If you want to spent $7~9 I'd rather want to eat dim sum at Great Wall or Pho noodle at Little Saigon, it worth to drive there.
3	I was on the way home from work and originally planning to stop at Blue Fin to get my Asian fix on.  But they had to close due to a leak in the city pipe, the street was flooded.  BOO!  As I was driving home, I was racking my brain to think of a fast food Japanese.  BLANK...  nothing.  So I continued to head towards home until I saw the Panda.  Ok, it is not Blue Fin but it will have to do for now.  Got the orange chicken, mandrian chicken, and fried rice.  I know, it is NOT real Asian food but nothing good out on the West side.
4	While there are times the food is a little stale and dry, most of the time it is fresh and yummy. What trumps the food most of the time is the service. The workers here are very friendly and fast. Plus, their outside speaker works VERY well. I never have to repeat myself and they always get my order right. They usually don't have specials but they do have new menu items on a regular basis.
4	My wife likes it so I get it for her cause I love her.
2	It was getting late and my family and I wanted something quick.  Oh what a mistake.  I quickly remembered why to avoid this place.  The veggies where dry and weathered.  When I asked for veggies I thought that would prompt the kid behind the counter to have the cook start a new batch, that was a negative.  Again I did not have much time so I went with fried rice.  When we got home I found the fried rice to be dry and crunchy.  The cream cheese puffs were awful too.  I'm glad I came back after a long break to remind me not to comeback ever.
1	So they gave is an extra egg roll we brought it to their attention. They asked for it back then put it back on the serving tray after it was given to someone else. GROSS!  Iced tea dispenser, no lid with bugs floating around at service of the iced tea. I brought to their attention. They said. "Oh don't drink tea then" disgusting. Not recommended. Food was inedible after that. GROSS!'nn
4	This location is great.  Clean and staff is friendly.  If you pay attention to my entire Yelp profile, I have been to several Panda Express locations.  This particular spot is in a newer shopping plaza and is in a high growth area.  I have been here four times, and each time I have not been disappointed.  One thing about the whole Panda Express concept is that if you do not like the looks of the entree or it looks old, ask them to make a fresh batch.  They will.  For a Chinese food chain, this location is great.  I only give four stars as they drink area needs more attention and they should stock Splenda.  So bring your own (this goes for all PE's).
1	Bad food, extremely bad service, drive somewhere else. Save throwing food away.  Took 15 minutes to get someone to wait on us, than waited another 10 minutes for them to make tea ?
2	Been here 20+times in the last year. Typically slow but today was the worst. 3 cars in front of me and it took 22 minutes to get my food. I was offers a 10% discount. Which would have been nice,  but when I got home my order was incorrect.  I was given the excuse that they ran out of cooked food. If that's the case, where was the management?  Where was the coordination making sure the cooks were on top of things? Not cool for lunch time.
3	The quality is good and it's a nice, fresh new restaurant building. The servers are particularly stingy at this location so don't go if you're super hungry. However, if you order to-go, you usually get more food. I recommend doing that for every Panda Express actually.
1	This is the slowest serving panda express I have ever been to. Four different visits here and every time it took more then 20 minutes to get through the drive thru. VERY slow.
