1	Went on a Saturday night. There were 3 tables besides us. The food was ok but the server???? OMG They ALL needed to be somewhere else. Obviously very unhappy being at work! We were still hungry when we left. Would have ordered something else but I think she would have been really upset! Never again when we are in Vegas....sad too when everyone else in the Hotel is awesome!
1	The food was ok..but the staff there were just horrible. It was like a bother to them to take our order and get our drinks...Will never go back to this place. Just aweful
1	My husband and I ate here three nights in a row ( no other option being available late  at night). 3rd visit and we see a cockroach scurry across the floor... We should have taken the hint and left but we didn't until one popped out from under the basket my dumplings were on! So disgusting!!!
3	My-oh-My!  Unlike the other two very negative reviews we had a very nice meal with decent enough service.  Now, I was a bit leery when we were invited to eat at the Riviera, but our friends said the place was good and it was their treat.  So off we scoot to the old dame at the north end of LV Blvd.OK, so, this isn't some fancy hip cool kind of place.  Just like the old Riv, the restaurant looks like it has seen better days.  But thank goodness, no roaches showed up uninvited ad the other Yelper had.Well, service was adequate, kind of friendly in a clunky non-assuming way, just decent regular diner kind of service.But the food, believe it or not was really very good and seemed to us quite authentic.  Too often what we find is Chinese that is too greasy or just unappetizing, but this food reminded us of the really, really good Chinese cafe's in Vancouver, BC, where the Chinese food is really good..We had lots of stuff and lots of things that were quite good, hot and tasty.  I am sure glad I didn't have the others experiences, but over all we were very pleased and wouldn't hesitate to return.  Now, if I'd found a roach, yuck, there is no way I'd return, but I thankfully didn't and I can give a thumbs up to the Banana Leaf for good Chinese diner kind of food.
1	If I could give this god-forsaken place a half a star, I would. But, alas, I don't want to ruin its self-esteem.Now, I am not the kind of guy who eats somewhere once and automatically writes a review. I understand restaurants have good and bad days, and so I like to eat at a place at least twice. I ate here three times, and so my verdict is fair. My first time eating there was at around 4 a.m. - and although the wait staff was extraordinary gracious - I think Monica served me - the food left little to be desired. I ordered the chicken and rice - and a half a chicken came out about ten minutes later with some weird sauces. Now, I grew up in an Asian family. If I don't know what the sauce is, it is probably no good ... and it wasn't. The chicken was bony and made me just want to pick up the individual pieces and just chomp down, but there were some beautiful women sitting at the table next to me, so I controlled myself. Verdict: (out of 10) food 2, service 8My second time there was for breakfast a few days later. I was late for a poker tournament but decided I needed something in my stomach  - you know, discipline and all. To be quick, I ordered the balls of shrimp and a nice little wonton soup. Ten minutes - nothing, Let's give it another five minutes - good food takes time. As I sat there, twiddling my thumb, wondering how the poker tournament is getting along, nothing came. Nearly half an hour passed before the food arrived - along with water that tasted like - forgive me, piss. The manager came out to apologize, saying they had to boil water. What the hell? How does it take half an hour to boil water in a restaurant? So, I wolfed down my meal and left. As for the food, by that point, I didn't care. But just one sentence: bland and boring. Verdict: food 2, service 2.Third time's a charm, right? Nope! Not here. Drunk on one of my last nights in Vegas, I decided to give this place another try. This time, I ordered the Pho - it's a Vietnamese noddle soup that often comes with various cuts of beef - but what do you know, here, it only had beef balls in it. The soup was bland and the meatballs were chewy - and on top of it all, no condiments. What the hell kind of restaurants are these people running?As for the wait staff - while I did have one nice experience with Monica (in the restaurant only!), the rest of the time, it was crap. The woman who took my order was slow - intellectually that is, and couldn't tell me which was which on the menu. Don't get me wrong - I have a lot of empathy and understanding for wait staffs - I understand they work long hours and do not get properly compensated, but Jesus Christ, can a paying customer get some goddamn competence?Lastly, the waiter, who was different than the woman who took my order, for some odd reason, kept on calling me "man." It's, like, "dude, I am a paying customer. We're not pals. I don't expect 'sir,' but I certainly don't want to be called, 'man,' either." Verdict: food 2, service 2.My point: you're in Vegas, if you're going to spend money, go elsewhere. If this place can't do better to earn your business, you've got other choices. Walk down to the Wynn and go to Red 8. More professional staffs and most certainly better food.
3	From previous reviews I was scared and even wanted to find another place to eat but due to my going to the wrong place my date and I we ended up here.Service was a little to much. We were asked 5 times by three different people if we were ready to order. As one of us still had or menu open and we werent talking it should have been clear we weren't ready to order yet.There are a few comedies in the form of movies & tv where they have a very white person speaking with an Asian accent as their normal voice.  I kid you not that happened here. I thought she was being sarcastic or even playing a joke on us but she did it the whole night. So it was real or she was very dedicated to her joke.The food was average at best. Nothing special but the portion sizes were considerable.  There are other places in the casino to eat and unless you are craving them you might as well give this place a try and see the white girl with the Asian accent.
2	Ordered Spicy Asian Soup, because I was trying to cure my hangover from EDC.The soup was kinda ok.But the goddamn drinking water tasted like they scoop 'em from a freaking pond.Asked them why the water tastes like shit, and one of the server said because we're in Vegas baby!Yeah right, bro...not.
3	The Banana Leaf located in the Riviera Hotel and Casino, despite my initial hesitations ended up being a really good dining experience as far as the quality of food goes.  Granted, for the location and type of cuisine, Asian food, it's a tad expensive compared to what you'd expect or could seek out outside of the strip, but for the convenience of it all and the fact that it's, I think 24 hours, they serve pretty consistently good food.  Their soups, noodles and rice dishes were all good.  If you're held hostage at The Riviera, and need to find a place within the hotel casino to eat, it's probably one of the better dining options.
4	Veg spring rolls, Hot&Sour soup,were good. Mapu tofu was the best!!...Service was good and quick.
5	Food is always delicious & fresh. The satff, especially the managers, are real friendly & welcoming. They even come talk to you & always have a big smile on their faces.
2	Bland chicken, high prices, and "odd service."  One server ran around the whole time--he literally ran--and twice bumped into guests.  I also never really knew who my server was since everyone seems to want to take your order.As for the food, I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps, and found them to be under seasoned and dry.I also ordered the chicken rainbow and had to put salt on every bite in order to make it even edible.  The chicken tasted microwaved and old.So... I don't recommend this place unless you're absoooooooolutely stuck in the Riviera Casino and can't possibly think of a better place to go.However, I bet all of us can pretty much think of a better place to go than the Riviera Casino...... except maybe those who are stuck at Circus Circus, like I was.  In my opinion, the only place worse than Circus Circus is a garbage dump. Or maybe a cemetery on Halloween. Or maybe the seventh level of Dante's Inferno. Or actually, Circus Circus equals all three of those.But back to the banana leaf at the Riviera Casino ... Eh, I've got nothing else to say.
1	Food Poisoning Stay Away
1	My friends and I, 8 people in total, went to Banana Leaf since we were already in the Riviera.  Big, big mistake.  I have never experienced such terrible service, a sentiment that was shared by everyone in our group.Where to begin...We were seated right away, which wasn't much of an accomplishment considering we were the only ones there.  Nearly 15 minutes after we had sat down someone finally noticed us flagging them down and we got our orders in.  15 minutes later 1 of the 2 guys in our group got the soup they had ordered as an appetizer (the 2nd person never got his), but due to an odd choice of ingredients and a complete lack of flavor he couldn't eat it.  We told them what was wrong and their solution was to bring another order, scooped out of the same pot.  Brilliant!Eventually, 45 minutes after sitting down, the first person in our group got their meal.  At that point we were all starving and thirsty (requested drink refills never came) so we were glad food was finally showing up.  Nope...again we were disappointed.  Our food came out over a span of 30 minutes, one plate at a time, usually passed to someone over someone else.  One guy had a plate of plain rice in front of him for nearly 10 minutes while he waited on his curry chicken.  Another guy had to wait over 10 minutes for all his side-dishes to arrive, including a plate of steamed veggies which ended up being just steamed lettuce.  He complained about that and eventually was given a plate of cold broccoli.  Two orders vaguely resembled what the menu described, but only barely.  The worst offenders were the caesar salad and the orange chicken.  The ceasar salad took over an hour to come out (it was the last item) and was literally a plate of plain lettuce with cold bits of chicken on top.  Later on they brought out a small cup of ranch dressing.  When we told them that that was NOT a ceasar salad we were told they were out of all the other ingredients that come with it so lettuce and chicken was all they could give us.  Wonderful!  As for the orange chicken?  The poor guy that ordered that was in and out of the restroom the rest of the night.I mentioned we complained about our food as it was coming, something we don't normally do, but in the end the service and food was so terrible we had to speak to the manager.  No apology ever came, but we got a ton of excuses.  "We cook tickets one at a time, even for a group", "We have a huge backlog of take out orders", "We have a new cook", etc.Avoid like the plague.
1	The Riviera Casino sent out a coupon for a BOGO for an Entree. The Entrees (even at lunch) are 15 to 18 dollars. We ordered the Shrimp and Lobster Sauce and the Seafood Combo. Service was swift and efficient and the place was nearly empty except for a loud business meeting the owner was having a few tables over.The Shrimp and Lobster sauce dish was Horrible it had several nice sized shrimp with almost raw carrots (yes raw) and a ton of barely blanched Green Peppers in a mountain of unappealing lobster sauce. the seafood dish was similar, except the squid was so tough it was difficult to cut with the knife provided - an Axe would have been my choice. A small dish of sticky rice was provided to be shared for both dishes. Drinks were not refilled. I just needed to get out of there and get a real meal. The wallpaper was lifting from the wall, the place just felt dingy, the music coming in from the Casino was Loud and annoying. I'd put my money that this place will be gone by the end of the year since it's one of those Once and Never again places. I just wish I would have read the reviews on Yelp first.
4	Reasonably priced. Sparkling clean. Great staff & service. Good food.
1	Not even as a last resort should you go here for breakfast.  Spent the night in the Riviera, woke up hungry and eager to get on the road. Breakfast was not eatable, eggs were disgusting, bacon was deep fried in God knows what and crumbled into pieces just looking at it and they had the nerve to charge high prices... never again!
1	I woke up hungover and stumbled here while staying at the Riviera.I made it just in time for breakfast. It was 10:30-ish and they stop serving breakfast at 11... so I felt like I got a lucky break.I waited for awhile. They have a sign that says 'Please to be seated'I waited so long that I just grabbed myself a menu from behind the counter.I finally gave up and walked away to the depressing ass food-court.Round 2: Me and some buddies were hungry and I wanted to at least give this place a shot. Plus the Riviera supplied a coupon for 4 free spring rolls with an order of an entree.This time we were seated.The workers around us buzzed around looking busy as hell. Even though all the rush wasn't necessary. Seriously.The food was good. We all ordered something different and we all shared it....  BROMANCE!!!We had a wonton soup, chow fun beef noodle, kung pao chicken and chicken fried rice. Again, the food was tasty. Nothing bad. Except those spring rolls tasted terrible and greasy.The place was not that full. They had like 5-6 people working and it took forever to get our bill.I had a heavy hang-over and I kept trying to flag someone down. But every time I looked for a worker, they were always busy walking around.... like.... what? How do you look so damn busy like your life depends on it that you actually don't get anything done?It also doesn't help that the lay-out of this place is pretty bad. It's very open and right next to those loud-ass slot machines, so in case you need some peace and quiet.... don't eat here either.My buddy told me to sober up so after like a 10-15 minute wait, I walked away and had my friend cover my bill.I wouldn't recommend this place and I would just take my business elsewhere. Hell, even the food-court would suffice. At least it's quicker.
3	Located at the Riviera, this spot was nice to sit at the bar where you could see everyone going by, have an adult slushy drink, and maybe a bit of Asian.I would not recommend the walnut shrimp.  It had way too much creamy sauce going on there - completely drowned the ingredients.The eggrolls/spring rolls were pretty good, and I liked the egg drop soup though.  Nice for a quick and light snack.
2	Set your expectations low and you won't be disappointed. As other reviews noted, the staff is always rushing around even when the place is fairly empty. Expect to wait, first to be seated, then for a waiter to show up, and then to get your food. The only prompt thing will be delivery of your bill and taking your payment.  I had the orange chicken and it was mediocre steam table stuff - hot but had been sitting a while. The plate looked like it was prepared by a 10-year old.  It was edible and in the hotel, so it met my needs last night but I wouldn't eat here again.
1	It took 12 min 4 them to take our order. Asked 4 water never was brought & it took 23 min to get our check.
5	Surprised at the poor reviews on here :/ I only have one meal to use as an example but it was very good! I was the only person there at 5:30 in the morning getting some breakfast, the potatoes and steak were both two of the best I've ever had. Under 13 bucks, and you get a coupon for 15% off when you stay at the Riviera. The hostess say me immediately, food vane in under 10 mins, and check came as soon as I asked for it, no complaints here!
1	Wish I could leave 0 stars.  It took 1 hour and 45 minutes to get served cold horrible food.  I actually had to get coffee myself.  Had to get a manager to get cream and splenda.  Just throw your money in the street before you waste it here.  I can't remember having worse service.
2	The only reason I'm giving this joint 2 stars is the waitress and waiters were very good. The prices are tooooooo high for sub mediocre food. Now I'm not cheap but $9.99 for a 3 stack of average size pancakes and no sides to go with it is ridiculous. $1.99 per egg means I had to fork out another $6 bucks for 3 scrambled eggs to go with the pancakes (now up to $16). Another $1.99 to have a sprinkle of cheese added on top of the eggs ($18 Cha-ching). Add a drink and we'll round it off to $20 for a meal that cost $5 or lower at Denny's. Tab for 4 at breakfast....$74, and it's not like we over did it on the amount of food we bought. OK, I get it....I'm not at Denny's and this is Vegas, higher prices are to be expected. Bull-shit, other restaurants on the strip has better prices, better quality, better choices, and better food all way round. The hotel was sub par and the other restaurant choices weren't really that much better unless you like your typical neighborhood fast food restaurants ( did not try Wicked Vickie's ). This hotel needs a major over haul if it wants to continue to compete with the other hotels. Their buffet has been closed for years,that ought to tell you something bout the place. Good Luck!
5	I visited Las Vegas last year and I went in to the Riviera and stopped by this place for a quick bite. It is located near the casino floor and can get quite lively, this is not the place if you're looking for a peaceful and quiet restaurant. If you like a decent Chinese place with good service and delicious food and doesn't mind it being located near the Casino floor then this is the place for you.I had the Honey Walnut Shrimp and my girlfriend got the Chow fun beef. Both were delicious and fresh.
5	My boyfriend and I had a late night craving while we were at the Riviera. So we decided to try this place. They had quick friendly service and the food satisfied our cravings. Luckily they stay open late while others are closed for the night.
4	Good coffee and service from the super sweet and nice blonde girl at the cafe. She made my cappuccino perfect!
5	Excellent customer services. Food are delicious and fair price. Best Maylasian food in town. I would highly recommended this place if you in town
1	This place is hideous. My boyfriend ordered a fried rice. The fried rice was just rice, soy sauce,raw onions, lots and lots of raw onions, green onions and bean sprouts. It came cold. What a disgrace. The waiter took his plate and told him that he shouldve said no onions. HE WOULD HAVE IF IT WAS ON THE MENU IN THE FIRST PLACE.
3	I just grabbed a quick bite while waiting for a friend.  The service was fast and friendly but since I was having a late breakfast I can only compare it with an Ihop or Dennys.  Perfectly OK.
3	stopped by this place for a quick bite to eat before heading out to XS! We walked in and got seated right away in the "patio" LOL which is actually just a space that is right by the casino. We got waters and after checking yelp, we got a free yelp check in of spring rolls!!! ....but they were not spring rolls, they were eggrollsAnyways, for an establishment that is in Vegas, I did not want to try anything Asian on the menu ... because they would probably butcher it.. I got the breakfast burrito which came with a side of green verde sauce and sour cream. My friends got the wonton noodle soup, Chicken club sandwich, and the chow fun. The breakfast burrito was very hearty and pretty good but i only finished half! My friend said the wonton noodle soup was okay but it looked like it barely gave her any noodles just a lot of soup. The chow fun actually looked pretty good from where i was sitting but my friend said it was just alright and he finished all of it! The chicken club tasted fresh and the fries were crispy.Most of the stars are for the very friendly staff who tried to accommodate us as much as they could. Our waiter told us that we were welcome back anytime and that they were open 24/7 and breakfast started at 5:30am.
2	Only reason this gets 2 stars is because the bartender was awesome and drink specials were off the chain. What ruined my experience was the watered down wonton soup. Tasted like a nasty filipino soup (which is totally nasty and lazy way to make a pseudo broth). The entree kung pao was way too spicy and seasoning was mediocre.  Only good thing on my meal was the rice. (Which I didn't eat more than few spoonfuls).ON A EMPTY RESTAURANT FOOD TOOK AROUND 35 MINS...WTF?!
2	Only order the steamed potstickers. Mongolian beef tasted like stir fry. The Cobb salad was nothing to write home about. The chicken was drizzled with butter but just too dry...even with avocado.
3	Ate breakfast here a few times this past week while staying at the Riviera.  The food was a good, standard breakfast with ok prices.  The fried rice ala mode was very good.  I tried it on a whim (since fried rice is not my usual breakfast fare) but it was very tasty!  The bar specials are fantastic and they make a delicious bloody mary!  The service can be a bit slow when it's busy, but i think that's pretty common.  Being that we were never in a rush, I never found it to be a problem.  Convenient place to eat, decent food and good drinks with prices that won't bankrupt you.  Save that for the blackjack tables ;)
2	Service is good but the cooks need work, and waaaay over priced, I ordered the "special" , supposed to be a delicious steak , I ordered medium/well it was like rubber, no taste to it. The service gets a 8 out of 10 but the food its a totally different story.
2	Came here to eat after a comedy show there at the Riviera. Let me just start by saying the only reason this place gets 2 stars from me is because our waiter Joab, he was very friendly and accommodating. He is only the second waiter ever to shake hands and introduce himself to the guy at the table. Now moving on to the rest of my review. I did my usual check in with yelp when we got to the restaurant, and to my surprise I got a check in offer! Free order of spring rolls with a purchase of an entree. Perfect! So I show our waiter and he said that the last time he asked the manager about this offer she refused to honor it. When businesses decide to do check in offers you would think they would be excited to honor it knowing that this is a review website. All managers and staff should be knowledgeable about any and all offers that their guest bring to the table. The next point I want to make is that we ordered steak medium well and it came out well done. Last but not least I want to mention that the price is too expensive for the poor quality of food you get. I would have enjoyed going to Denny's more.
1	Denny's is down the street. Maybe if you are tanked and made back to the hotel late night you could tolerate the food. If you are sober and have some desire to eat food with flavor beyond salt. Then muster up energy and find another place to eat.
5	This place has BOMB food please try walnut shrimp, country fried steak and steak and eggs at 3 am :)
2	I went for breakfast and ordered the traditional breakfast with eggs, sausage or bacon and potatoes. The orange juice I ordered came in a tiny glass, and when I say tiny I mean smaller than a kids Sippy cup. They charged me $2.99 for that tiny juice!! The breakfast is $9.99 and very very average. The bacon is not very crispy and thin, the potatoes are cubes and looked like it had been siting there for a while and they only have strawberry jam, no other flavors...Over all it was a very sad breakfast that is only worth half the price. Not going back for breakfast!
4	Good coffee.  Great Chicken Fried Steak.  Fries are perfect.  Grilled cheese had actual cheddar instead of processed slices.  Service was adequate. Saw other complaints about breakfast: its the same eggs, diced potatoes, bacon/sausage, toast you get anywhere for $10. Not great, not awful: it's breakfast.
4	Pretty good place to come and grab a bite to eat. The service was great and when we checked in we got free fresh spring rolls. Nice! The Philly cheese steak is decent with fresh fries and the waffles are fluffy.
3	Food was descent, slow service though. Ordered the chicken club sandwich, chicken strips, and breakfast  nothing special.
1	What happened to good quality customer service?IT DIED HERE! I apologize for interrupting your dinner and conversation with a fellow coworker to be seated. Hence the reason we left no tip due to lack of service. Hope you took something from that.I doubt it though...
3	So I was looking for somewhere close to eat some good breakfast worth the price and one of the employees at the hotel, Riviera, highly recommended Banana Leaf's steak and eggs breakfast. Checking the reviews online here were all on their bad customer service and not so pleasing food. Only part correct about that review was possibly the slow customer service. Upon sitting down, it took the waitress close to 20-30 mins before she took my order and drinks. No water was served before that mind you. Food took maybe 5-10 mins to come out. And the waitress was not prompt on refilling my soda I had ordered. The food was cooked to perfection and the portions were good.All in all, I'd have to say that even though the customer service is pretty slow, the good food doesn't really make up for it. Maybe if there wasn't that many people it'd better but I dunno...
5	What a surprise to find this place inside the Riviera. The war wonton soup is an absolutely fantastic way to end an evening. Make sure you ask for Joab as your waiter, he is the best.
