5	Great service, match all competitor coupons, and locally owned and operated. Hard to beat.
1	WORST SUBWAY EVER. When trying to add my vegetables, the guy helping was incredibly rude and looked annoyed that he was there. And then when I asked for my sandwich wrapped in separate halves, he said nothing and huffed and puffed as he wrapped. He acted like i was ruining his day. So rude and unprofessional. I will NEVER come to this Subway again.
3	Sub-way Not Dom-wayBy The RueSo you think you're in the mood for a sandwich?You must be hungry,Getting it to go so you can watch Lilo and Stitch?But low on money.If you're in the area of Combs and Ironwood,You must be lost,Not many sandwich shops in this part of the hood,Looking for low cost.I would recommend this Subway near KFC,Quick and cheap,I got 3 footlong subs for my 2 boys and me,Benefits we reap.I'm sorry Kristine had bad customer service,Angry and scorned,No need to take this Subway off your list,Worker reformed.Stop
5	I adding this as a 5 stars cause Subway is a Subway, if you are into the subs they taste just as good as any other location, they are not greedy on meat or toppings and the 5 stars comes as this location is now open 24 hours!!! You are going to find people who dont enjoy where they work anywhere you go in the food industry.
2	This particular Subway is a flip of the coin. Sometimes you get great service and a great product, other times it can be the worst service you've ever experienced! I live very close to this location so we go there pretty often, however after our last experience my husband doesn't want to eat there anymore. We went in together on Sunday, March 3rd, 2013 around 5:30 pm. There were 3 people working behind the counter and the place really wasn't that busy (and it's usually pretty steady). I noticed that the area where the meats and veggies are kept was a really messy (unusual) and they were completely out of a couple of items. I only get a spinach salad and they were out of spinach (?). Anyway, one of the girls who was preparing my husbands sandwich was literally, and I do mean LITERALLY throwing his items on the sandwich. She was spraying the dressings everywhere, which I guess explains why the prep area was so messy! When my husband made a comment about her throwing the food around, she just looked at him and snickered and went back to throwing the food. Then one of the other girls started arguing with the guy at the register saying her shift was over and she needed to clock out of the register. He said there was some sort of prep work that needed to be done and she replied "sorry, not my job" to which he replied "everything here is your job" and they proceeded to have a full blown argument right in front of me and my husband! SOOOO unprofessional! So anyway, now that my husband refuses to go back to this Subway I think we are going to try another sub place that's further away but has really good reviews on Yelp. Sorry Subway, but some of your workers are just ruining your business!
1	I looked online to verify that this location was still 24 hours. I went in the other day at 11:15 and the sign on the door said they closed at midnight. We still figured we had 45 minutes before they closed so we walked it. The entire station was pulled, lidded, and stacked on a cart as if they were going to close in 5 minutes. The first sandwich we tried to order, the employee had to look through every stacked container, couldn't find the first ingredient so then went to look for it in the walkin. We waited a couple of minutes and left. At this rate it would have been closing time by the time we got our sandwiches. This was one of many disappointing experiences at this location and I'm done. The only reason I would go there was because I get out of work late and want something quick that is still on the healthier side. If I want to wait 30 minutes, I'll just go home and prepare a full meal.
2	it really depends on whos working, when the older ppl are its better. All I know is I was really disturbed by the blond girl making our food who had a shirt 3 sizes to small so her stomach was showing (is the mandatory now a days?) I dont know if maybe the teen boy she was talking to who was sitting behind me at the table while i was standing in front of her ordering had spooged on her stomach last night? And ya she was like "I'll text u later", I almost thought she was talking to me but in fact she was looking thru me talking to him. AND YES, THEY ARE NOT OPEN 24 HOURS ANY LONGER which is a shame, but lets face it, this area is dead.
1	So disappointed. Not only was the service lacking but the food was not good.  Wanted to try out the new pastrami sandwich.  Asked the "supervisor" who told me he thought it was pork and something else. Then clarified to tell me it was just some weird mystery meat. After waiting for almost 5 min to finish order, I then asked if he would please go confirm that it was beef pastrami.  Finally he did. Spent $9 on the sandwich and could barely eat it. Soggy wet bread, pastrami had no flavor - just a total disappointment.  The only somewhat decent part of the order was the brand new employee who while timing and unsure if herself at least tried to provide customer service. Won't be back to this location again.
