1	I went in there last night and got a quarter pounder with cheese, fries and a diet coke.  First of all, this place is F___g filthy, I mean the worst I've ever seen at a McDonald's.   I'm not a clean freak by any means, and there's no way I'd let my kid play in that playground.  It looked filthy, can you imagine how much shit there is that you can't see?  And I mean that literally too.  Garbage cans overflowing, drink station with trash all over the place, dirty tables, etc.  And to top it off, I could tell that my sandwich had been sitting around for hours because it was almost like eating sandpaper.  I ended up throwing it away, and throwing food away is not something I do very often, that's for sure.  French fries were good and fresh though, at least there's that.
1	Pretty standard McDonald's.
1	This location is closest to my house so we go, but every time they get our order wrong! This am hubby went and ordered me the mcmuffins that are on special without sausage as always, and the woman would not give it to him for the deal. Excuse me - same sandwich minus the sausage! It's actually saving them money. So instead the woman decides to put egg and cheese mcmuffins instead which comes with ham. That is NOT what I ordered!!!! If I wanted meat on my sandwich I would have ordered it that way but I'm a vegetarian meaning I DO NOT EAT MEAT! So in good nature I removed the ham from my sandwich but could still taste the yuck flavor of the meat, and thinking to myself what has customer service come to?! I thought they're slogan was make it your way at least one time or another.  They also originally forgot my oatmeal and my hubby's sandwich too. Not to mention when ordering through the drive thru after ordering 1 thing they say,"Is that it?" No I still have 10 more things to order and after each item I order they say that. Really?! Shouldn't they say something along the lines of"is there anything else I can make for you/get for you?" The way the say it makes me and I'm sure others feel as we are inconveniencing them to do their job they get paid to do. So what exactly are you paying then for?! Poor customer service, loosing profits  because of incorrect orders irate customers that won't return and I could go on. If this is what they get paid to do then each of them should get a raise!!!
