5	Yogis Grill is coming soon to the Safway center at Val Vista & Elliot Road... can't wait!
4	First time going here had the katsu chicken bowl was pretty good and was filling
4	I recently received a flyer in the mail that a new restaurant had opened up around the corner from my house and today I decided to try it out for the first time.  The staff was genuinely exuberant and glad to help explain the menu.  I ordered the large chicken and beef lunch special and received a hot, fresh, delicious and filling lunch that met my expectations.  One minor complaint was the teriyaki beef:  it was good and tender, but seemed to lack a certain "character" in its flavor, probably because the grill it was cooked on was still so new.  I'm sure this minor nitpick will fix itself in time, but I would still definitely recommend this place for lunch!
4	I just recently found this place and was hesitant to try the food but now it's become one of my favorites. I had the shrimp,rice,and noodle combo and I loved it.The restaurant was pretty dead when I was there and the girl on the front was pretty nice but I could hear  them gossiping and talking about the big order that I made ( for take out for my family) but other than that the place was pretty good.
1	WAY OVERPRICED!!!  This is a great place for first timers but i doubt they will be getting frequent customers returning.  Their menu is just too expensive.
4	Food was good stuff is friendly little on the expensive side for three of us.
4	Heard about this place in the paper with someone recommending it for good Japanese food.  Thought we'd give it a try.  A little pricy, but honestly, the quantity was very good as well as the taste.  We'll go back and try some of the other choices.  Looks like there's one closer to us though.  There was only one other group of people there, so it was pretty quiet, which is fine.
5	I love this place for a quick teriyaki. I disagree w/ others who say its expensive I think it was right on track...Combo meat veggie bowl is my fav and their spring rolls are GREAT~
5	I love Yogis Grill. Great portions for good money. The small bowl fills me up perfectly. Worth visiting.
5	We have had nothing but good luck at this franchise so far. We've been here probably a dozen times. It's always clean and the food is fresh and the way it ought to be. Yum!
5	My friend turned me on to them for quick sushi I love it.
5	After many more visits, I can say THIS is the best Yogi's. Consistently great service and fresh food. You see the same people working the counter and kitchen all the time and they've got their act together!
4	While I don't care for the teriyaki sauce they use on the chicken, I do like their sushi rolls. My favorite is the rainbow roll with no eel only salmon and yellowtail. Compared to higher end sushi places the prices are good and so far the sushi has been just as  good.
3	This is NOT a 'three dollar' $$$ restaurant.  The yelp info is wrong. This is a walk-in, order at the counter, and wait for your name to be hollard joint.Foods okay, I like the yakasoba noodles with chicken.
4	Coming from the Seattle area where there are teriyaki stops on every corner, I've been on the lookout for a fast food teriyaki place nearby. This comes close... What would make it better? Delivery and not a franchise lol. The teriyaki chicken is delicious and comes with the right sides of salad and white rice. The yakisoba is so good as well. The only thing I've had there so far that I'd advise you to skip... The tempura shrimp. Absolutely tasteless. Otherwise, it's a go!
5	This place has a really good teriyaki bowl. The large is big enough for two people to share. The price is fair and the service is fast.
4	Just an update... I tried their chicken teriyaki and it's just how it should be! Char grilled chicken, just enough rice, and the sauce was delicious! They still get 4 stars! However, I took California rolls to go and ate one at home later. My lips began to swell and tingle and my tongue too! I've never had an allergic reaction to a California roll in my life... So idk what it was in there, but I had to throw the rest of the order away. :-/
4	Love the teriyaki, how it's not too fatty, and the sauce is amazing! The crunch roll is good too, but the miso soup I got was too hot to enjoy and ended not feeling like it after it cooled down. Prices are a bit steep, but the quality is there. Will definitely be back when I'm craving quick Japanese!
5	Love yogis! Good costumer service, Kayla is awesome! And great food for good price! Definitely would keep coming back!
5	Las Vegas roll is awesome.  Arizona bowl is tasty.  Husband loves the teriyaki bowls and tempura.  We love this place!!
4	It's good..cheap..clean...did I say cheap?..I like coming here never a bad experience. .
4	Good food at a reasonable price.  I typically have the veggie bowl, which has teriyaki chicken, rice, and fresh veggies.  The spicy teriyaki sauce kicks it up a notch.  Their sushi is mediocre, but never makes me feel like it's going to give me a food borne illness, which cannot be said for all places that serve sushi.
