4	About time a good restaurant with variety opened in this area. Right near work so it will be a frequent spot for me. I stopped in for lunch today and had the Dan Dan Noodle but to my spicy pallet, only a 5. Flavors were good and the spice was nice. A spring roll and a salad for only $7.95. I really wanted the soup but it was not available for take out. Washed everything down with a Watermelon/Banana smoothie. It was soooo good i almost went back for another. Large menu with flavors from different Asian backgrounds, i will be back!
5	I just tried this new restaurant in Henderson.  Good food and friendly staff.  Great variety of Asian food.  I especially love the Baked pork chop fried rice with the Portuguese sauce (juicy tender pork chop and tasty) and their Peppermint milk green tea- very refreshing!  :)
4	On my way to Ross J's for some Korean chicken I spotted this new restaurant with a grand opening sign and cartoon character. I quickly flipped a u up the hill in hopes to being the FTR but nope beat LOL. I quite don't remember what was here before but I've been here before just can't remember. Big parking lot and lots of seating. Maybe no room for chacha.13 iced flavor milk teas such as honey milk green tea, taro milk tea, rose milk tea.  10 iced teas such as bubble green or black tea, mango, plum, passion fruit, lychee. 6 fruit smoothies and 9 other drink that's 38 different drinks, crazy, and you can also add jelly for extra charge. YEESSSThey have roast duck so of course I had to get some. Owner recommanded the roast duck and wonton noodles soup. It's like he was reading my mind. As a lunch special its $7.95 and comes with an egg roll and choice of egg drop soup or salad. Loved the duck and wonton, the broth was between good and ok, and not a fan of the noodles felt packaged maybe!? It threw me off since it says "serious noodles" in their logo. But still the dish and price overall is pretty good.Their whole roast duck is only $24 has to he a steal, half is $13, and regular portion $10. Their menu looks so delicious and yummy and want to try more but its just to far out of the way for me. I can't keep passing this area and not go Ross J's or Chicken Shack. 17 lunch specials for $8 can't go wrong. In the theirs about 73 different choices on the menu, there could be more.  Pho, udon, ramen, kimchi fried rice, pad thai, mapo tofu, just check out my menu pics for all the details.Customer service was good, very friendly.Down side is theres $20 minimum for using credit cards. So glad I had cash other wise I had to watch dishes LOL
4	Dropped by for lunch on an early Saturday afternoon. Only one other table of guests there, but considering how new they are, that wasn't surprising. The server we had was obviously new to the job, but she did well.Ordered the Ma Po Tofu and the Baked Pork and Rice with Portuguese sauce. Both dishes tasted good.This restaurant is a good place to try some Hong Kong "western" style dishes. They are a very good east side of town alternative to the wealth of Chinese restaurants on Spring Mountain Rd.
5	Good prices. Good variety of smoothies/ milk teas. Pad Thai is my favorite i always order it
3	Decent lunch spot.  Wide variety of Asian fare.  I might have given 4-stars if "Ryan" didn't bogart my vanilla milk tea.
3	Hate to be critical of a new place that's close to my school, but it's a bit tough to give them high marks based on what I ate last week. My friends and I all had lunch specials since you get one free if you buy four. I had the #2 lunch special, a noodle soup with duck, and the duck didn't match my expectations. It was a little bit tough and didn't carry that much duck flavor or even any fat, and I didn't like being forced to gnaw on all the bones in a short period of time while my friends were having fried rice and whatnot.I did taste some friends' fried rice and noodle dishes, but you have to do duck well to serve it so prominently. Also, there's so much ice in the bubble tea ($1 sale for grand opening) that I finished it within a couple minutes of receiving my order. I'll give it another try and hopefully re-rate them, but they've gotta do a little better if they wanna fill that large space one day.
5	We came on a wed night and ordered the wanton noodle soup (8), chicken pineapple fried rice (8), and beef pad thai (8), with tapioca milk tea (1) and a lychee tea with lychee pieces (4) for 29. We used a groupon, 15 for 30, so ended up paying 19. - Aji-sen's cousin? Lol. The character is pretty similar. Cute- Clean and spacious. It seems like it just opened. 2 other couples were there. - Friendly service. Waiter was very polite.- Portions are generous. We had to doggie bag most of the food surprisingly. I'm a big eater- Taste was above average. Pretty simple cooking, hard to go wrong. With the groupon, it just tasted so much better ~____~!- They had the "carpet" food on top of the pineapple fried rice. Lol- Tapioca milk tea is pretty disgusting. Bland flavor and hard boba. No wonder its $1. It should be free!
3	Needs to be worked on, thinking about getting another Groupon for this place but i'm going to hold back on that. Would I return back, maybe depending if it's still there in a few months. This location has lots of business come and go because of no traffic. Place is nice and clean. Service is ok. But the food is not bad, but not great to where there is a signature dish. It's like eating at a college cafe or mall food in a food court. It's great if your hungry and even better with a Groupon. Paying regular price, well depends, there prices are reasonable.  They have boba and other drinks. Overall this place needs some improvement.
3	This place is not something to drive across town for, but it is something Henderson doesn't have. Feels like I am at an okay joint on spring mountain. I don't like the majority of the take out options in this part of town, so I am happy that there is now a place to pick up duck, noodles, and other Asian staples that I would rank just under the quality of P.F. Chang's and higher than Panda Express.
5	Love their HK style lemon iced tea. Very friendly service. Went there for lunch and had the spicy Dan Dan noodle the server recommended. Loved it!
1	Tried to have dinner here on a Sunday at around 7pm, it was closed.  Although it did say that they were open till 11.  BOOOOOO
2	I have a feeling I ordered the wrong thing. I did not have a good experience here. The service was good, the place was clean and it was fast but the food was lacking.We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps to start out with. They were just ok, they used very finely chopped chicken. Pretty decent flavor.After that it was entree time. I ordered the Dan Dan Noodle "soup" which I've had before at other places and loved. Here it was a lot different. Even though it was in the soup section it had no broth! What I got was a bowl that had raw carrots, cucumbers, and celery on one side. The other had noodles, that looked identical to those in a 15 cent ramen packet. No flavor. On the bottom was a thick sauce, almost like a gravy that had chunks of pork. Again not much flavor. I may try this place again and order something different.
4	Man some of these reviews are harsh.  But you know I think Noodle ChaCha is doing a decent job.  They are a new restaurant.  Anyway I had takeout a few days ago.  Ordered HK noodles, chowfun with gravy, and teriyaki beef bowl.  Got a free app with a coupon and had the duck sliders and also ordered the milk tea.  Milk tea came out first super sweet, aillte too sweet but it was still pretty good.  Got my food and brought it home for the family.  I tried the duck sliders, and I got to say they were pretty darn tasty.  The duck had some fat and was crispy, the bun was soft and tasty.  I think it was the best thing I ordered.  Tried the other food with the family, the HK noodles were good, the sauce was fine, and the noodles crispy,  The chow fun was really oily, but it tasted like it was suppose to.  The beef on the other hand wasn't what we expected.  It was really thin, like the beef in pho, had no teriyaki and there was so much rice.  I would not order that again.  Overall it was pretty good, They have some flaws, but I think they can fix it on the upcoming months.  It is a bit pricey but it is near by my house, so if I do want noodles I will come by and get some.
4	Just tried this for the first time - Thank you GROUPON!!!  Anyway - we started with the Spring Rolls and Peking Duck Sliders - the Sliders were GREAT!!!  Duck was tender and moist and the bread was the perfect match!!  Spring rolls were good also.  I had the Pho, Rare beef and brisket - very good also - would like to have had more fresh basil.  Other items ordered were the Pad Thai Combo, beef, chicken and shrimp - shrimps were a nice size and the dish was delish!!  Third item was the salt and pepper pork chops  with brown rice - very tasty!!  All in all very happy with our food, service and the cleanliness of this much needed addition to Henderson!!  We will certainly dine ther again and try some of the other selection!!!  Good Job ChaCha!!
2	Ah NO.  Came here on a groupon and we will not be back.  We ordered the following:-Walnut Shrimp: Was ok.  Nothing special-Orange Beef: My favorite non-authentic dish and it was such a huge disappointment.  The meat was chewy (eww), and the batter was soggy (ewwer).  -Vegetable Stir Fry:  Basic stir fry with carrots, broccoli, snap peas.  Can't mess this dish up.-Brown rice: upcharge fee of $1 since we wanted brown instead of white rice.  -Milk tea w/boba at the promo price of $1: boba was kinda hard, like it has been sitting there for a while.  As cheap as it is, I did not get a second.  I have experienced better and needless to say, I will not return.
3	I used my coupon from groupon tonight. My daughters both ordered pho, It was o.k. I ordered chicken pad thai and mentioned extra spicy. It wasn't spicy at all and it was sour. I like my pad thai really spicy and on the sweet side, not sour...but then I thought; it's not a thai restaurant, of course their pad thai won't be the same.I also ordered beef chow fun, it was too salty. The place is clean, the service was good. The waiters really nice and polite, they came and checked on us 3 times, asking how was everything and refill our drinks. They have generous portions, food came quick but I don't think I will be back because I don't really like the food.
3	I'm sorry ChaCha... but I'm not much of a fan.  I've been here about four times (I really like to give chances haha) but I can't say that I'm wowed at all.  Portions are a bit small and the flavor is just okay.  The service is a little on the slow side, but I'm not too picky about it.  Just to comment a little on it, it seems that the staff is still trying to figure out how to wait on people in the restaurant..  The highlight of my stay each time is the egg rolls.  Yup, the egg rolls.. hoped to be surprised if I ever cruise on by again.  We shall see!
1	Omg... This place is so shady! They changed my review from a 1star to a 5 star. They completely changed what I said. This place is horrendous. They said I enjoyed the meal but in reality. I threw them away. How does yelp let them do this? Let me reiterate what I said. The chicken pad Thai tasted like ketchup. The won ton soup aka "anything but wonton soup" was so salty that it reminded my wife of the ocean. Also, there was a hair in our food. The Mongolian beef was so rubbery that i thought I was eating kalamari. let's see if they will change this too, compare this to Michael t' s comments. Completely different stories. Another thing they changed was the price comment. You definitely do not get a lot of food for the expensive price. I hope this stays up so people know the truth!
5	I saw the Groupon sitting there begging me to save money and it's not that I wasn't tempted but I really, really wanted to like this place and I've had too many experiences where using Groupon got me treated like a leaper.  For my first visit, I decided to go without.The logo had been calling me since opening.  I know, I know the logo doesn't tell you anything about the food but it's cute so A+ to the graphic designer.The parking lot was almost empty when I pulled in last night shortly around 5:15p.  I placed my order at the podium, friendly employee, as a take out and then left to do a few errands.  20 minutes later, everything was packed up and ready to go.  Another friendly employee offered to carry out my bags after I paid.  Nice touch, gave him a tip after because I felt the service was  also A+   My friend and I ordered:Crab Rangoon (6) and Spicy Chicken Wings with Salt & Pepper (3) for AppetizersJapanese Mixed Vegtable Udon Soup(35)Curry Pork Chop with Rice (55) and Thai Style Pineapple Fried Rice/chicken (52)I've tried Crab Rangoon before and hated every greasy, weird bite.  I liked theirs a lot! Enough to trade the spicy chicken wings for them which is saying quite a bit.  The wings were good but to me wings are wings and a safe bet anywhere.My friend and I split the Udon Soup.  I was happily surprised to actually taste ginger in it.  It was amazing and I was a bit sorry I shared.She wanted the Curry Pork Chop and judging by the emptiness of her container after, I'm going to claim it was a success.  I hate curry and so far no amount of tasting and trying various dishes at various places has changed my mind.I'd love to say I saved half of the very generous portion in my Thai Style Pineapple Fried Rice for lunch today *hangs head* but that'd be lying and I wouldn't lie to you.  I could Not stop eating it!So while today is rabbit food and tons of water (I'm not going to ding them on sodium count because it's asian style food and that seems to be a given.  It didn't taste overly salted but my rings are a bit tight this morning and the scale squeeked 'Get Off' when I stepped on it this morning, last night was so worth today's effort!  This will become my Go To place and I'm hoping the cycle of things closing at that location has finally ended.
3	I had the duck wonton noodle soup, it was a bit salty, but alright.
1	Ok so i decided to give this place a try.  This place is horrible! There were 3-4 servers, barely anyone in there and It took 15 mins for someone to take our drink order.  The baked pork chop in portugese sauce is nasty.  The milk tea is watery.  The noodles are just ok.  Eggrolls super plain nothing to be excited about.  I would rather drive to chinatown.  Ive never been so dissapointed in a resturant before.
4	Came in with my husband for dinner. They were pretty slow at the time. The staff was very friendly and service was good. My husband ordered the Spicy Dan Dan noodles, which were pretty good but should have been a little spicier in my opinion. Since he didn't request to have it spicier, I can't fault them for that. I ordered the stir fried udon noodles and requested it spicy. It came out with the perfect amount of spice and I really enjoyed it. The portions were okay. Maybe I'm just used to asian restaurants that serve large portions. Anyway, I would come back again. :)
2	Alright, I will try it again but the first time was really nothing special and in fact, kind of annoying. First of all, the service was terrible. It took forever to get our order taken, the three dishes came out at three different times (they seem to have an aversion to trays), and there were about 5 workers all chillin' on their cell phones in plain sight in the restaurant. My main complaint: the menu clearly states that the lunch specials are served daily 11am-4pm. Perfect! We were there on a Sunday around 2pm. Love it. Can't wait to get the vegetable Pad Thai lunch special. Our first server did not make mention of the fact that they were not honoring their own menu specifications, so we had all decided on lunch specials. Then, our second server (yes, two servers...remember how I said the service was annoying?) said as we were looking at the lunch specials, "Oh, we're not doing those today." Umm, okay, that would have been nice to know. Inform your patrons upon seating them that you're not going to allow your own printed specials. Whatever though, I overlooked it and ordered the dinner serving of Pad Thai. It was good, very good even, but I was so off-put by the terrible service and their deciding to "not do those" lunch specials on the Sundays that I believe the place warrants two stars. I will give it a couple more months and go back when they have their ducks in a row when it comes to service. They do have a Yelp check-in offer that they did choose to accept, though--10% off your meal!
4	Good lunch special - value, service, presentation top notch!
5	I love it!
2	I don't know what the deal with this place is.  The owners are Chinese the cooks are Chinese yet their food couldn't be more Americanized and is almost comparable to panda express although slightly better.  I've been twice already.  The first time I was disappointed.  I ordered wonton noodle soup my boyfriend ordered the roast duck noodle soup.  The broth for both soups were nothing special.  Not completely inedible but also not enjoyable.  The wontons were just ok.  My boyfriend did get meaty slices of duck in his soup so a plus.  I went back a second time hoping that it would be better, maybe we caught them on an off day.  Nope.  The Dan Dan noodles that I got were again not inedible but definitely not delicious.  I guess my problem w Chinese joints in a suburban area such as this one is that the owners and cooks feel that they have to cater to an American palate by serving ridiculously inauthentic food.  Not true!!  Come on noodle cha cha I know you can do better than this!!
4	Ate here with a groupon tonight. I had the duck sliders and hubster had pad thai (which was not spicy at all,  as indicated on menu). The duck sliders were deeelish!! Best sliders I've had EVER. My only complaint would be that they are a tad bit oily, but the buns they are served on were awesome...soft and a bit crispy at the same time. I had to seriously pace myself because I could have honestly gobbled down a double order. My honey had chicken with his pad thai and the chicken was very soft and tender (I did taste a little of his dish). I had a taro smoothie with my dinner which was wonderful by the way, my only complaint being that I didn't think it was worth the $5.00 price for a large size. Our waitress was so cute and very attentive, we didn't have any qualms with her service, it was right on and she was the only waitress waiting on about 6 tables. We will definitely be back, though I'm scared to try other dishes due to the many negative reviews. Also, this place is right between EString bar and grill and Valle Verde Casino on Sunset Road, if you're going down Sunset and you blink, you will probably miss it and have to go all the way around the block again. LOL
4	I have been here twice, twice with groupons supplied by my friend Susan D., and luckily I purchased one for the next visit.The first time we met there, they had barely joined the throes of Vegas new restaurants, and in this cursed location, I was wary.  The drinks (boba) took forever, we did not get water until after we got our food, and the service was eh.  It was lunch and they had specials, so we had to work at spending the groupon amount.  I had pho that was not memorable.  I remember it now because last night Susan D. and I tried to figure out what I had, and I remembered that I had tried making my own pho the night before and it was a flop, so I had some here to redeem myself.  What was memorable though were the Peking duck sliders for the appetizer.  The steamed buns are fried, with Peking duck and hoisin sauce inside and a side of cucumbers and scallions.After the next round of groupons came out, we both purchased one, but mine was in Eric R.'s account and he is out of town, so Susan D. and I decided to have a late dinner at Noodle ChaCha last night after I finished teaching.  This was planned in advance, and apparently was the latest she had ever eaten dinner!  Our server was very nice and we got our waters and drinks quickly.  She had a smoothie and I ordered hot green tea.We immediately did an order of the duck sliders.  They were just as good as we remembered.  The hard part is there are many dishes on the menu with duck so I could have had more duck - duck salad, duck soup, duck noodles.  Yet I was doing the hot tea thing to prevent getting sick since I encounter a zillion students a day, and so I opted for soup.  I ordered the tom yum goong.  It was HUUUUUGE.  A bowl full of spicy lemongrass-galangal broth with kaffir lime leaves, rice noodles, mushrooms, and huge shrimp.  It was very tasty and satisfying.  I also liked that my nose ran from the heat.Susan D. had the Noodle ChaCha fried rice with the huge shrimp and she was happy with her dish and smoothie.  We had a good experience and will return.  I recommend for first timers the Peking duck sliders and the tom yum goong (if you like spiciness).  There are so many other dishes to choose from though from various Asian influences.  Also, the price is right!  With the groupon, the meal with tip was under $11 for 2.
4	You can't beat their dollar boba "grand opening" special!  So far I've had their sweet n' sour chicken and orange chicken, which was pretty good (very large portions).  The springs rolls are a little smaller from what I'm used to, but they are still yummiez.  Staff seems friendly and accommodating. I'll definitely be back again...
2	This place has top notch marketing. With a name like Noodle ChaCha and a cute Pucca-looking girl as their mascot, how could I not get sucked in?!!!The restaurant is a building by itself so its not hard to miss. My group and I came around lunch time and the place was practically empty. Servers greeted us and gave us the lunch specials. I ordered the thai fried rice with sweet and sour soup. They were also running a $1 milktea special which of course I got however, DO NOT ORDER THE MILK TEA. The drink was so watered down it pretty much just tasted like mud water. It was disgusting. The $1 was not worth it. The sweet and sour soup was done alright. Kind of bland for my taste buds. The thai fried rice also did not taste very good. It seemed like something that I could have made at home.... and it didn't seem very fresh either. They topped it with chinese dried shredded pork......... uhhhh WHHAAT?! I thought that was pretty odd........ Overall, I might give this place another shot with their noodles but as of right now, Pucca lookalike did not impress.
3	The lunch deals are great. Can't wait to try many more.
3	Located on Sunset just up the hill from Arroyo Grande. Good parking in a private lot.Lunch good. Good service. Huge Asian food menu all styles Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese and Thai. Lots of drinks, smoothies and coffees.Groupon 50% off $15 for $30 deal. We started off with Vietnamese coffee and watermelon banana crush smoothie. Both looked right, presented well and tasted good.Appetizers went for #5 Vietnamese fresh spring rolls. They looked right, but sorry no fortune cookie here. They definitely were not fresh and tasted wrong. But again looked right and had the right items in it. They were very cold like sitting in a freezer. Yuck. Only ate a couple bites. DoneOK, so comes the Mongolian beef which they recommended as a specialty. The dish looked good other than the crunchy rice noodle on top hiding it. But food underneath looked, smelled and tasted good. Plenty of food served and didn't skimp.We ordered the #33 Thai Tom Kha Gai Rice Noodle Soup. NO GO. They don't have that anymore.So closest thing that sounded like it and almost the same ingredients minus the coconut milk was #32 Thai Tom Yum Goong Rice Noodle Soup. i loved the bold lemongrass flavor with a spicy kick. Really good taste and a huge bowl enough for 2 people.Restaurant was clean and service was good.Ordered Overall good experience. But the frozen appetizer started it bad and I couldn't shake the thought that it all was all going to be bad because i almost left. I was a little worried because the seemed to have everything and specialize in not one type of Asian food.Should get 3 1/2 stars but no spot for it. Will probably try it again.
4	Great service. Love having boba close.to my house. The appetizers were awesome. Had chicken lettuce wraps,Duck sliders, crab rangoons. We both ordered ramen and the portion sizes were awesome!  Super fresh. Decent prices. We will be back again!
5	I've told my 'circle' about Noodle Cha Cha and so far no one has been upset with the recommendation.  Now that I've been there a few times, I felt no guilt in purchasing a $15 for $30 Groupon and thankfully the service remained unchanged.Last night I brought a family member and discovered I do like Orange Peel Chicken.  The sauce isn't overwhelming, almost delicate.  The Mongolian Beef was also nice.  My neice raved about her Strawberry Boba, but I found it a bit sweet.So far, I've had great timing because the waitstaff has been prompt and polite.
4	I like this place. Have gone here twice already for take-out and both times had very good food.  Place is surprisingly clean and not what I was expecting for a hole-in-the-wall spot (as others note this place as).  Location is a stand-alone spot...looks like a renovated failed diner or something, but whatever it was...it works now.  Plenty of parking and easy to find, as long as you are familiar with this part of Sunset.First time, I ordered the duck sliders, chashu ramen and general tao chicken.  Sliders were yummy.  I like the deep fry twist.  Ramen was plentiful and the broth has great flavor. General Tao Chicken was okay...crispy, but probably not something I'd order again. Just my preference.Second time, I got the Chashu Ramen again and this time paired it with Orange Peel chicken....Since I was taking out, I asked that they put the sauce on the side and they did just that...felt that they coulda gave more chicken pieces for the order though, but overall great dish!Still looking forward to trying their Pho and Thai Fried rice.
4	Has both dine-in service and drive thru. The fresh spring rolls were not very good and the peanut sauce was more like a paste, not tasty.  But our main dishes definitely made up for it. I recommend the chashu ramen or the duck noodle soup. The dishes have large portions and great prices on all items too. Would definitely go back here again!
4	My office is close by and I am always down for some good Chinese food.  I went with my son and we both enjoyed fresh crispy spring rolls, excellent Egg Drop soup.  My kung Pao Chicken was excellent in great savory brown sauce.  My son had the Pad Thai which he said was only ok but he had a smoothie that he really enjoyed.  Brought the Sauted vegetables in Garlic Sauce back to the office and heard lots of "this is really good". I do plan on returning but my son wont be ordering the Pad Thai.
4	The two best ways for a restaurant to earn points from me are through execution of authenticity, or innovation. This place fulfills the latter.We came here with a groupon (if you read my reviews, you'll find that's often the case for me) and were promptly seated. It seemed to be a typically slow week night. No matter, we perused the menus at our leisure. I noticed they do the "pan-asian" thing, which is to say that they don't really offer any one particular style of asian food but instead offer a little bit of everything. I'm not generally a fan of such a model because I feel it detracts from the potential quality you can get if you concentrate your efforts into mastering one particular style of cooking. However, these guys proved me wrong and managed to pull off a decent meal for both of us. We bided our time with some tasty edamame. It was salty and delicious. After much debate, I ended up choosing the kimchi beef fried rice (obviously a dish inspired in part by korean flavors) while my girlfriend chose the singapore noodles with chicken. First things first-- the portion sizes are are very impressive for the price. I really don't think they should be listed as a $$ restaurant-- one entree is more than enough food for two people, and you can get many things here for less than ten dollars. We ended up getting pretty stuffed and had plenty left over. My fried rice was the most interesting I have ever tasted. They added just enough kimchi to keep the flavor unique in every bite. It also was not overpoweringly spicy, which may be a good thing depending on your palate's limitations. I could have done with a bit more meat, but the rice itself tasted pretty fresh, and it was not overly greasy. The singapore noodles were also excellent. No shortage of meat there. They used angel hair pasta, a bit of saffron, and indian spices to create a very unique dish-- the likes of which I have never experienced. To me, new flavors are good (usually) and this place ended up being a pleasant surprise. They offer many other dishes with other countries of inspiration, and I do look forward to trying them soon.
4	We have been driving past this place every day and saying "Wow, we have really got to try that new place out!" Circle K is one of my fave places on earth, and the other day I went to get a soda to relax at home and crochet the day away when I decided to pop by and grab a quick dinner to take with me. Now someone mentioned a drive thru, this may be open only certain days, cause when I went it was filled with cars and not operating. Which is more than fine with me so I headed on in. Their menu is amazing! Very good variety of different types of noodle cuisine. They have Taiwanese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai and Chinese. (There may be more, sorry.) I tried the Taiwanese spicy noodle special on my first visit. it was pretty good, good chunks of meat and lots of veggies. I went back a few nights later and ordered a bunch of takeout for a smorgasbord. I ordered two shashu ramens, lettuce wraps and orange sliver beef. The shashu ramen was ok, I felt the broth was lacking so I added some more soy sauce and chili oil when I got home. The lettuce wraps were delicious, I do wish they would just do the lettuce and filling separate though, I like building them myself. Plus, half was saved for the boyfriends lunch next day but there was no way to heat them up without lettuce getting gross. Now the 0range sliver beef....Holy crap! That stuff was the bomb! SO good I had to wrap it up in the fridge so I would have leftovers. My only suggestion is to please make your descriptions on your menu easier to decipher, and place make your boba to-go glasses bigger for the price you are charging. Telling me the broth is taiwanese style is not helpful unless I am from Taiwan and know what that means, you have to be an ambassador for your product. YOU are the experts, so tell me about your food when I ask.  I have been trying to get just basic soy broth noodle house soup, but instead every time I come I get a menu tour telling me the different types, and that some have fat noodles and some have thin noodles.
4	Not just noodle dishes but if that's what you're looking for there is a wide variety of items. Matt had his usual orange chicken and loved it. This is a great place to try the differences between Japanese, Korean,  Vietnamese and Chinese dishes. They are running a promo to buy one,  get one free in order to encourage customers to venture beyond the norm. You might just find a new favorite.  We tried the watermelon/banana smoothie and wouldn't recommend it unless you like a really sweet drink. We had a great chat with the owner about differences in food from the various cultures. She and her husband also own a karaoke restaurant. I'll do them the favor of avoiding it. We enjoyed our meals and will be back if for no other reason to to try new dishes. I enjoyed my BBQ pork and wonton soup, but next time will try the one with the pork broth as oppressed to chicken. The owner recommended it, saying it has more flavor whereas the chicken broth is on the mild side. The price was reasonable and we'll be back.Oh .. and Ethel M Chocolates was only a couple of minutes away. We went there to see the Christmas lights (and have dessert afterwards.) Nothing like topping off your dinner with the best chocolate in the world. :-)
5	Love this place! Heard about it through Groupon and it has got to be the best bang for your buck. Every time we go, there are new specials. Best time to go is for lunch, you can't beat buy one get one free, or the portions for 8 bucks. I love the different soups they have, which are a hearty meal.  We wash our meal down with the Green Apple Green Tea, sooo good.  The only criticism  I can give is the servers. They are never busy, and tend to hover around you waiting for you to look up and pounce on you. My big peeve with them is they bring food out at different times, like as soon as it is done. So my husband gets his starter, I watch him eat, then my main course comes followed by starter, then he gets his meal. Bring food orders out together no matter if it sits in the kitchen for a minute. And bring them out in the correct order. The food is too good, the servers are very nice and helpful to be making such errors. I still highly recommend and hope they continue to get more business and stay open.
2	Horrible. First of all, I've had milk tea drinks in many places from Vegas, to So Cal, Hawaii, etc. I had to double check that the drink they have me actually had tea in it because I couldn't taste a drop. I ended up giving it to my 3 year old (which I would never do if it had tea in it). Caffeine makes him crazy as per experience twice when he actually drank some of my milk tea, and after this drink he was fine. Point proven, very little if any tea in this drink! As for food, my hubby ordered photo, and it came with egg noodles. Weird. My ramen tasted like the broth had something burned in it. Way beyond a smoky flavor. I couldn't really eat it. The noodle to soup ratio was heavy on the noodle. I give this place a 2 instead of a 1 because my 3 year old was fine with his orange chicken.
5	It's so Nice to have a restaurant that serves Good Asian Food that compares to the China town / Sprint Mt. area. Currently they have awesome deals on noodle soups, less than $10.00 for two large bowl of noodle soups, you can't beat that.  But dine in only, make sure you bring a friend or clone yourself.
4	This place has great ramen! If you are in the mood for a giant bowl of noodles and tasty broth, this is the place for you. They also have traditional Chinese food dishes that you would find at other restaurants but out of the places I've been to in Henderson, this is one of the better places. The food always comes out hot and you can tell they make it fresh for you. They also make fantastic Boba! I have never been disappointed when I order it. My personal favorite is the Green Apple Green Tea.The only negative I have to mention is that I went there a few weeks ago and got a slight case of food poisoning. This is not the norm for this place, since I have eaten there many times and only had it happen once. Let's hope its just a fluke.
4	Not bad at all for Asian food away from Chinatown. I bought a Groupon for Noodle ChaCha a while back and almost forgot about them. When the expiring soon offers came up, I scrambled to go use it. After a few attempts, and misses, I finally got to eat here. Note: They are closed Monday. Three of us came in for lunch. We all ordered boba, smoothies, and milk tea. Not a bad start. Their Green Smoothie is not so heavy on the spinach, but has more strawberries and banana in it. That was the predominant flavors. The boba had a nice consistency, too.Definitely get the duck sliders to start because I would have made a meal out of those alone. The meat is juicy, tender, and crisp. The bao is fried slightly to give it even more texture. I don't recommend the tom yum soup. It was not very wow worthy. It fell flat in the tang and tasted cheap. The Singapore noodles with beef was delicious. The beef was cooked beautifully. It just tore when you bit into it. The Shanghai pork chops was another favorite. So much flavor and it stayed consistently crispy. I would not mind eating here again if I am on this side of town.
4	Leave it to this little unassuming place to have one of the best Kung Pao chicken with DARK sauce at an Americanized restaurant. Also ordered the lunch special Chow Mein which was just like a good Mongolian grill would do.Place is nice and clean and food comes out quick. Looking forward to trying the duck sliders next time around.Love all the different Asian dishes..Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai etc. Such a nice variety! They also have boba drinks.Service was excellent and attentive.Lunch specials are $6.95 with either soup or salad and egg roll. Great value for good food.We found a new after school spot!
4	Wow!Real good food at a real good price! (The buy 1 meal, get 1 free deal is awesome and has great choices)
3	I had the spicy beef noodle soup and almond milk tea with boba. I wasn't really a fan of the soup flavor; it really couldn't compare to the authenticity of those which you would find in the 626 of socal. It was kinda sour, kinda spicy. Not the hearty beef noodle soup I was craving, but the actual pieces of beef were pretty good. I did sample my sister's dish--can't remember what it was, but it consisted of dry noodles, fish sauce and a sweet, bbq pork--and I definitely liked hers better. So I wouldn't rule out the restaurant completely, but I wouldn't recommend the beef noodle soup. The boba and tea were pretty good compared to the other places I've tried around HEnderson/LV.I would definitely want to come back and try more of their dishes!
1	Ate here a few times when they first opened and the food was OK.  It was a nice change of pace from the other restaurants near my school so I really wanted to like the up-and-coming asian fuzion restaurant.The past 3 times I wanted to eat here, THEY WERE ALWAYS CLOSED for some reason.  Their hours on Yelp and on their websites are clearly stated, but they always close early!  It's really a bummer when you think a place closes at 10p and you call to order take out over an hour before they are set to close and no one picks up a phone.  Very disappointing and management should definitely look into stable hours.  They've only been open for less than a year but if things keep going as they are,  sadly this restaurant will to fall by the wayside.
2	Food was good but we found out that they charge an 18% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. What sucks was that when we were done checking out we decided to grab a boba smoothie ordered 3. All came out non-smoothie. The fat Chinese manager that was making our smoothies said that they don't serve it any other way, but they do it for an extra $2.00 per smoothie. I stated that the waitress did not specify the types and when we came here last time, they served us frozen smoothies. He then shrugged his shoulders like it wasn't his fault. He refused to change our drinks even after spending $120.00 n dinner.  Then  I said you are willing to lose customers over something Ike this? I said forget it, we are not coming back any longer. Plus, to make things worse there was an 18% gratuity on our 3 boba drinks. WOW pretty f@cken cheap.  No more word of mouth recommendations from us.
2	Sooo I was super excited to order from this place and I ordered crab Rangoons, sweet sour pork, beef broccoli, an order of chow mein and a large almond milk boba for almost 40 dollars =\ (eeh) the food was pretty bad the sweet and sour pork had a lot of fat in it :[[ and the beef and broccoli.. let me just say WHERE'S THE BEEF!?!?  i know i sound picky but honestly im not picky at all i promise! haha and the boba was kinda chewy and the flavor was not really there :(( And they were stingy with their sweet and sour pork and the beef broccoli but they made a lot of chow mein and rice..I'm so use to ordering from Asian restaurants and my food is just over flowing the tray. :(( so yeah over all the food was BAD and they need to HOOK A BROTHA UP! :p lol.
4	Looking at the menu, I thought that there were too many cuisines and types of dishes to be good at any of them. So I tried just Chinese for this visit. We had: Duck Buns - They fry their buns so the texture is different from the soft bun, but it was really tasty because it is fried. The duck was good and not too fatty. I liked this minus the fact my fingers were all oily and greasy. Shrimp Chow Fun - The sauce sauteed into the noodles were not salty like most restaurants. The shrimp were a decent size and not overcooked. Since I love ho fun noodles, this was almost a guaranteed winner anyway. Wonton Noodles - Broth was authentic and had a good Hong Kong wonton noodle flavor. The wontons were meaty and the noodles were al dente. Good ingredients all together made this dish outstanding. Yes, I would come back if in the neighborhood. They had  a 2 for 1 special when I was there, can't beat that.
5	Noodle Hindu?Maybe its noodle who doo giggles ok noodle voo doo but call it what you will these noodles are very good. More than just good. They are better than love making in the rain with things like whipped cream or caramel. Oh my bad back to the review...These are some damn good noodles. Upon first look I thought that the place was made after the cartoon Pucca. Anyway I went in and bam I became addicted to the noodles. I love the Sweet and Sour Chicken w/ noodles. The Watermelon Banana Crush is so good. You have to try that.
3	Wow. I really hope they reopen or relocate. This was the convenient spot to get boba and good Asian food. What I am to do!?
3	A lot of variety, taste is so-so.  A little pricey.
1	I had been wondering what was going on with this business since every time I passed by they were closed with no explanation.  Wonder no more.  The 'curse' of this location is in full force and by the look of the piles of booths outside and the frenzy of workers dragging things to the parking lot, they didn't make it.
1	They close it noooooooooooo!
1	Do not go to this restaurant if you care about customer service. The place was empty and the service was horrid. We walked out and will NEVER return
1	LOL! Just logged in and realized this review never posted from back in December 2012!  Oh, well. Better late than never!  :D First off, I didn't want to give these guys even one star. They are that bad. But since I was forced to choose one, I did. So here is my review:  Atrocious! This place has the worst service I've experienced in my life. It took them so long to take our initial order. My friend asked for beef noodle soup, not spicy and without the meat that comes with it normally. They brought out her soup and it was beyond spicy. We asked the waitress if her soup could please be replaced by something similar but less spicy. The waitress suggested the Pho combo, minus the meat and my friend agreed. Twenty minutes later, they still had not brought her food and had obviously and intentionally ignored us. My boyfriend then went over to talk to one of the waitresses who was helping us to ask what was going on. This was when the waitress told us that she had canceled the replacement order because they don't do "substitutions". Um, how is an order of Pho, minus the meat that normally comes with it, a substitution?? And why wouldn't you tell my friend that the order had been  canceled or ask if she wanted to order something else?? When we asked the waitress this question, she said, "We have the right to refuse service!" What a psycho! She never told us that the order had been canceled and that she wasn't even willing to serve us any longer. Her husband then came out of the kitchen and chased us out of the restaurant and other patrons who may have been relatives of the staff followed us out and threatened us in the parking lot. One patron got right in my face and would not back away till my boyfriend told him to back up. This was just a horrible experience. Very unprofessional. Not that it matters because I wouldn't recommend going there ever but the food, although not actually authentic, is actually tasty.
