4	This is a very good place for easy transactions.$5 to polish and shine shoes (this was absolutely necessary when Eric R. and I tried a new Chinese restaurant with a group and someone accidentally dropped a side of hoisin on our new leather shoes) - this place buffs, polishes and shines and the shoes are ready the next day.  and they don't even notice the stinky hoisin smell because the products they use already permeate the joint!I have also had soles and heels reinforced (nothing more than $10 or $15 per pair).  Their motto is "If it is worth wearing, it is worth repairing!" and as a shoe-a-holic, I cannot agree more!
1	This place got my business based on the location and previous review. I took my black leather boots in to be polished up. Having never received this service before myself, I was unaware of how they should turn out. I thought $10 was a fair deal since they are tall boots. No same day service so I return in a day to retrieve them to find them looking exactly as I has dropped them off. The lady assured me that the kind of leather it was made it not look smoother but they literately looked as if they were untouched altogether. Like they put them in the back and then brought them right back to me. They are not smooth, not shiny, even a little dirty still. There is no residue from polish, no clean feel, and there are still scuff marks all over them. Like I said, I don't have any polishing experience but I honestly don't believe they were taken care of at all. I am very dissatisfied.
1	I e-mailed them my review to give them a chance to reprive themselves, annnnnndddd nothing.
5	I have been going to this place for years and they are far and between the best shoe repair shop in Vegas. They are in inexpensive, they do the work on premises and a quick turn around on cleaning and repairing purses, shoe repair and polish. Great place and worth the trip!
1	No good. Told them to re- glue a pair of shoes and said they can't do it. They even put krazy glue on it. Waited a week for them to tell me this.
5	I tried Sunset Shoe Repair recently and they are now my go to shoe repair shop. They are prompt, offer great customer service and you can not beat their prices. One pair I took in needed new soles, heels and serious tender loving care. I had taken them to another place and they wanted $150.00 Sunset charged $45.00 and the shoes look great. This is the place to go with your footwear.
5	I'm not usually all that impressed with customer service here in Vegas. Having lived here since before Summerlin broke ground, I've seen a steady decline of customer service standards. Also, I am a hunter of bargains. I realize the rarity of obtaining both the sweet deal accompanied by sweet service, especially in circumstances of servicing already found bargains. For example: if I find a great leather jacket at a thrift store, that needs cleaning, or in this case, I found a delicious pair of Cole Haan- Nike Air booties at a thrift store for $12. $12 is a lot to spend on used shoes, for me. Plus they needed new heel taps. I was quoted $10-$40 at other shops. This plus the $12 I had already spent, made them less of a deal. Feeling defeated, I made one final call. I was quoted $5 to get the taps replaced here & low & behold, could get them the SAME DAY!! I was in love! I've referred several friends to this long time (for Vegas anyway) business. Not once has any friend been any less happy. If give this place 10 stars if I could. They're worth the trip from Spring Valley! I now have the perfect booties for fall for less than $20!! I heart this place!
5	Love, Love this shop, the customer service was great and very helpful with all my questions and concerns about my shoes. Also I really like the prices and fast services. I will come again and again and when I found out that they fix purses and luggage I was sold =).
