3	Home Depot isn't so much a choice for home owners as it is a necessity, so if I absolutely MUST fix it, I stop here first for parts.  If I need it, they probably have it, from A/C fuses, CFL bulbs, stove parts, new bathroom fixtures, flooring, to another garden hose (aka doggy chew toy), or a dozen different kinds of herbs for my most recent foray into window box gardening.  They are cheap as can be, but even if I go in for washers and duct tape,  I never leave for less than $65.
5	I had such amazing service from two individuals in the flooring dept. at this Home Depot that I just had to Yelp about it.  Before I sing their praises in particular, let me just say that in my experience Home Depot has raised the bar on customer service overall as a company over the last few years.  Remember the days of walking in to what felt like a football field of tools, paint, etc., and feeling like there wasn't a customer service rep in sight?  Thank goodness those days at Home Depot are over!  I have experienced this at several locations in the Valley area; everytime I turn a corner or am looking for something, someone is right there ready to assist.  Back to the service I received at this particular location...if you are looking for information about wood flooring, carpet, etc., and you live anywhere near this area it is worth the drive.  Find Chris or Lisa; they are both incredibly knowledgable, helpful, enjoyable to work with and will do whatever they can to help you make the right decision without being "pushy" at all.  I went in simply looking for ideas about what type of flooring I might want in a new home; I left feeling committed to buying whatever I buy when the time is right from Chris and Lisa.Sometimes we forget big huge companies are made up of individual people just like the rest of us who want to do a good job, be recognized for working hard and to enjoy where we work and who we work for.  It was a nice eye-opener to see how a huge American retailer has instilled such loyatly and pride in its team members.
5	Finally! I'm getting security doors for a little cross-ventilation opportunity in my pad. I live in an HOA-ruled community so the hoops had encouraged my procrastination. I couldn't take the heat anymore and, just in time for the cold-chill, I found the doors I wanted at my neighborhood home depot , lined up the contractor and submitted my design review request. There were only 2 of the door style I wanted on the floor when I scouted them and I needed them both -- but not for at least a week. I called and spoke to someone in flooring, vaguely described my door -- "the copper one... only 2 out..." --and began to ask about hardware that would coordinate. The guy indicated that there were plenty of options and that he was with another customer but to come on in and we could work it out.2 hours later, I made it into the store. Walked back to doors and, alas, there were no more of the door I wanted on the floor. Deflated, I found comfort in the fact that I had time to "special order"  and  began to seek out the door guy to get started. Whatdya know!?! It was Greg, the same guy I had spoken with earlier and, because the doors are popular (someone else had called too), he pulled 2 doors for me! Greg helped me find some good hardware to coordinate and even noticed a discrepancy in the price (evidently the product was in the wrong place on the shelves) while processing the order and made the necessary adjustments to give me the lower price we had thought they would be.He completely took care of me! Some of the best customer service I've had in a long time. The fact that it's pretty easy to find a decent parking spot and the people in the store are generally helpful in directing you to the correct aisle or recommending just the right do-dad to fix your whatchamacallit, etc. make this a 4-star store but my recent door shopping experience has earned that coveted 5th star!
4	Until recently I lived very close to this Home Depot.  I still visit occasionally.  I have probably visited this location over 100 times.My review is based upon the last 6 months:They are consistently good with customer service.  The paint area people are very helpful, and patient.The carry almost everything I need on any given visit.
4	Need help, make sure it is in the morning or have Ron answer your questionsI come here a lot being a home owner.  Most of the times I know what I'm about to get and there are other times I get the help I need.  Although I do notice that when I come in the morning or early part of an afternoon, service seems more available than in the evening.  I have a harder time finding help and it seems like this is the case in these home service stores and this maybe because everyone is trying to tidy up in the last hour and don't want to deal with a pesky patron doing late evening shopping.  However, when I do know and know what aisle to go to, I have no problem finding what I need at this location.  My only knock on home depot is help available in the evening.  I would hope their service is fresh and eager in the evening as it is in the morning.  The store is clean and organized and it seems I find someone always cleaning.Ron from the lighting department was awesome.  He did answer a lot of questions regarding recessed lighting and even gave a very good tip regarding options with eco lighting options.  He didn't make me feel rushed or a burden and even was candid in telling me what he didn't know instead of making it up.  If you thought this was useful, cool or funny, please check below.
4	"I may not get $5000 gift card for this entry, but it is worth it"I come here as often as Sunday morning service at church (meaning weekly).  And in some ways I feel this location is nearly as friendly.  Last time I came here, Jake helped me out with plumbing.  Sometimes the item is not obvious to where it is, but more often than not I have find some one with directions, an opinion, and a smile.  Although this occurs more so during the day than the evening hours.  Jake not only help me with the plumbing issue, but was able to cut the copper tubing I needed to get done.  This location is solid in service and what I also notice that there are a couple workers with disabilities that are just as capable and helpful as those without.  Kudos to this location for their diversity in their team.
4	This is a pretty good Home Depot.  They have really nice people who actually occasionally ask if you need help as opposed to scurrying by you ask quickly as they can so you don't have time to bother them!The selection and in stock status of this particular location is very good.  The store is always clean and they will help you load bigger stuff if you need it.  That's a win-win for me as I cannot lift heavy stuff.
5	most people don't see the difference in service at all the home depots but i do every ones knowledgeable and will help you with everything.i have had no problems at this place. the only thing is vic at the return desk i call him pony tail because he has a pony tail. but he just rushes every thing but anyway i never leave with out spending at least $100. this home depot always has everything i need plus a little bit more . this is the home depot you want to go to out of any of the other locations
3	The people are really friendly and do come right away however rocket scientists they are not.  I went to get a new water filter for a PUR water filter unit.  The first time I came in I did not think it would be a big deal.  I bought with me the old filter thinking that would work.  The guy said he did not see one that was the same and could not read the part# but that I should have actually bought the unit itself in.My thoughts were you have to be kidding however I politely left.  A week later I came it with the water filter refill unit, and the actual water unit itself.  The guy asked me if the facet was a male or a female.  I really thought he was joking. But he insisted saying I might need an adaptor.  I replied, this unit works on my facet you should be able to guess.  Nope, he wanted me to take a picture of the hole in the facet so he could tell if it was male or female.Round 3 - I came in with both the unit and the old filter and my camera showing the hole in the facet.  Now I am told by the guy that they no longer carry this unit and I had  2 people look  on line to see if I could order the filter and was told no place they look carried it.  They suggested I try Walmart or go on line.I actually gave up on getting a water filter and threw out the water filter only to find about 2 weeks later while at one of their competitors L**s that they had the water filter the exact same one I threw away and not only that but carried refill filters so I purchased a brand new water filter and a box of 4 filter that would fit.In all fairness I hope this is an isolated incident however can you actually believe this is not a sitcom??I also find this particular store toooo dog friendly. I have seen dogs not on leashes more than once while shopping here.  I personally am not into dogs and with all the vicious occurrences and mauling's I find it hard to believe that the honchos allow this and hope if such an occurrence happens in the store they get their butts sued not that will help the victim.  Pets do not belong in stores other then Petsmart.  The worse is going to a supermarket where food is sold and seeing dogs in the baby buggy seat.  This to me is a total turn off.  In all fairness the workers are friendly and do not let you just drift around the warehouse.
4	Overall, a good place to shop. This the the best Home Depot and hardware store in the area. They have helpful courteous staff members and good prices. For such a large warehouse it is easy to move around in and find what you need.
1	Hot water heater installation price way out of line with every article I read on the web $550.00 compared to $250 to $350. What was worse, I was told I was paying for a quality installer.  Here's what I found, reviews for the contractor, Delta Mechanical, were not that of a professional installer rather one that doesn't care about the customer and barely ranks 2 stars on Yelp.  End of the story, I went to Lowes and found a similar hot water heater and their contractor and installation price ($275.00) were both aligned with my expectations.
5	Home Depot replaced my less than two year old washer with a new unit after I complained about #Maytag's abysmal customer service and Home Depot's initial fumble when I complained to them looking for help with Maytag. Woo hoo! I'm a fan.
2	This place is close to me. I have spent and continue spending money here. Place is understaffed and management is awfully unefficient, at least in the evening. I hate to write bad reviews, but I have never been in retail business where I have to request help from the customer service desk 3 times, wait for 20min and no one cares to show up in gardening. Manager was busy chatting with employees.I wonder how does HD train their employees?1st rule in retail business: CUSTOMER SATISFACTION COMES FIRST.Reason why I hate writing bad reviews, well they have some great employees. Very helpful guys like Craig, Paul,  Chuck and few others. if it wasn't for those few guys I would rate this place with 1 star.
5	This place is definitely a MUST SEE during your stay in Arizona! It's very creative and has something fun for the whole family. When I came out here to Phoenix during summer break with the kids, we had to choose between spending our Sunday at Castles N Coasters..... Or HERE! Of course my kids chose here and we had absolutely NO regrets! The rides are magnificent and even old grandpa teddy enjoyed the day! Please do yourself the favor of visiting this place!!!!
