3	Overall, an average Best Buy.  It does seem smaller than normal for a Best Buy.  The staff is average at best, but that is common among Best Buy experiences.  But when visiting Vegas, this is the store we usually frequent, when shopping for videos/CDs.
4	BBY has always been a place I've frequented over the years.  It also was the first place of employment for me.  That being said I try to review every place unbiassed.  Although, I never worked at this Summerlin/Charleston location I love it!It is by far the nicest in layout and product assortment.  This location also has a great staff, and is located off the 215 across from Red Rock Station.  The shopping center is beautiful, parking is easy and spacious.  Costco and Lowe's share the shopping centre for your other home furnishings or from competitive price matching.  Overall, probably the "best" Best Buy in town haha.
4	Had to go shopping for a new washer and dryer.  I could've gotten the plain jane, old school washer and dryer but we decided to go for a more efficient front loader.I researched the best washer and dryers on the market and decided on the Samsungs.  After doing some pricing between Best Buy, home furniture stores and home improvement stores, I decided to try best buy first since their pricing was competitive.We were lucky that the exact models I was looking for were returned/open items on the floor.  We picked these up at a good price.  I was going to do some shopping around, however I didn't have to bother as Best Buy does Price Matching for 30 days.I saved over 40% on my new washer and dryer.  The sales, delivery and installation personnel were very professional.
2	I'm not a big fan of Best Buy to begin with, but this one seemed worse than usual.  Best Buy typically has a pretty sorry selection, and inflated prices, and this location had both in spades.  Most of their inventory was cheaply made consumer gear, with nothing high end for those of us that can actually tell the difference in our electronics.  The only reason they got the second star was because of their staff.  I talked to 3 different people, and they were all very courteous and polite.  At least they have that going for them.
2	This is the first time I ever reviewed anything on Yelp.. in fact, joined just so I could share my experience at Best Buy. I bought a smart phone several months ago and had "freeze up " problems from the begining. Got worse so I took it in. They gave me a loaner and said they had to send it in to repair center in Texas. That was on 9-5. My paperwork said I would have it back in 30 days. Went in on 10-5 ( after making several phone calls before hand to tell them I was tracking it online and couldn't get any answers. I was assured they would find out where it was in repair and have Daniel, the sup. get back to me, which he never did ) when I went in, Daniel said he had no idea what was going on but that they had 30 days from when the repair cntr got it to get it back to me! NOT what my paperwork said. He said he would find out where it was in repair and get back to me on Mon. He NEVER called so I went in today - 1 week later.  Big surprise, Daniel was off and the gen mgr told me he coudn't give me another phone til he found out where mine was! Are you serious?! They had my phone for 40 days and nobody gave a crap to provide the minimal customer service and find out what the heck was going on with my phone? I'm not unreasonable and all I would have required was at least a follow up phone call to tell me SOMETHING.There is ONE EXCEPTION...his name is Chris and he works in the mobile phone dept. He orig sold me the phone and saw my struggles. HE personally followed up today and called me back. The Geek Squad sup. could give a squat. End result? Still not sure but Chris is on it.Double thumbs down to the Summerlin Best Buy customer service!But, Chris, you rock.
3	Best Buy has always been an interesting place to shop for me.  In the last three years, I've dropped a lot of cash at the Summerlin store.  Sony Bravia TV, surround sound, outdoor Klipsch speakers and a Samsung flat panel TV.  My guess is that I dropped about 8 grand, give or take a grand or two.  Now, I dealt with the Magnolia group, they do the installations and sell the better high end equipment, although it's really not high end.  Best buy is an interesting place, run by young kids ( not a slam, I have young kids), for the most part they are pretty nice and knowledgeable about the products they sell.  Overall, I'm pretty happy with their service except for the Magnolia group, if you have a problem with your system, you are going to have to wait.  When you have television problems, it's like having a family member getting ready to die, you need immediate attention.  The Magnolia group is a dollar short and a day late when it comes to great service.  Best Buy has great products and great prices, they just need to tune up the service a notch and they''ll be golden.
4	Came here with my Son to look for a replacement charging cable for his iPod Touch.  It's been a while since I've been here and there were a lot of changes!They renovated the entire store.....it's much cleaner and well organized with sampling stations everywhere so that you can mess around with some of the electronics.  They have a huge "Magnolia" room which is their premium brand area.  I wasn't here to buy a big ticket item, but browsed anyway.  I saw the new MacBook Air, damn it's really thin!  (see pics)My Son found what he was looking for.....a cable and a wall charger, for $20, not bad!  At the Apple Store that would have cost $59.99 I'm sure.Overall, great shopping experience.  I like the new look.Will I return?  You bet.
4	I've done a lot of business with this store.  Last night, my iPod died and I needed a replacement.  A short drive later, I walked into a redesigned store and didn't know where anything was.  Then I noticed large signs with names on them and I just looked around the store from where I was standing until I found the MP3 sign.I walked over, look at the iPods, talked to one of their young associates, and shortly left with a new one.  At first, the redo made me feel almost lost, because I was so used to the layout of the store before this.  It is light and roomy, and I like the way it looks.
1	Possibly the best selection of products when it comes to a Best Buy.  Unfortunately, nothing can make up for employees who say one thing and do another.
3	Since the move to Vegas valley, this seemed to be the go to place for just about anything electronic, they even have decent prices for home appliances. When we bought our house, we purchased our new Fridge from here. We have even purchased a new TV for the upstairs, after shopping and comparing prices, it seemed to be the "best buy". Recently, they have had a face lift and the new looks is definitely better. We came in today to look at new computer printers, we had no intention of buying anything, we just wanted to gather information and do some comparison pricing. We didn't get the usual stampede of sales persons asking us if we needed any help, and so we were free to look, touch, and take down some notes. Once we had made the rounds a few times, we kept talking about printing pictures and the quality of the photos and the intent of using them for my many scrapbook projects. A "Kodak" representative was there setting up the Kodak printers, putting up information posters, and well kinda listening to my husband and I talking. He decided to put his two sense in and had us seriously looking at a Kodak printer. When we left us to go find some information for us, my husband and I had a more serious discussion about the scrapbook thing and after looking at the prices of printer ink, this Kodak salesman, had us sold on a new printer. Of course no thanks to a Best Buy employee, it was the Kodak man that made the sale, even told us about the special on ink, we ended up buying and getting a $10 dollar Best Buy gift card as a bonus.
3	It's your typical Best Buy store.  They just underwent a remodel not too long ago, so it's organized a bit better and isn't as crammed as it used to be in here.  The staff is...well they're your average Best Buy staff.  They know a little bit about the stock in their section, but they tend to be in no way experts.I was just in here yesterday which reminded me of one of the worst parts of this location.  I don't know WTF it is, but as soon as you walk into the doors here it always smells like a mixture of mildew and cat piss in the entrance!  That is both annoying and very offensive to my nostrils.  I've mentioned it to the guy that stands by the door before, and he understood my pain...that poor guy has to deal with it on a daily basis.  I recommend a manager pulling a steam cleaner off the shelf, dump a bottle of febreeze into its water reservoir, and get to work!!!
1	Very high prices, you can find prices 10 - 30% less online with free shipping and zero sales tax!  I cannot understand why anyone buys at these high price retailers unless they want to give away their money and charity would be a better cause helping homeless animals!Wayne Gorsek
3	There's not much to say about this Best Buy other than they have decent service. Pretty happy. Will return. BUT, I do wish they had more foreign movies to buy.
3	I came here after getting absolutely no help at Fry's. It was nice to see that all of their mini computers,ereaders and the Kindle I wanted were at the very front of the store! I'm glad I didn't have to walk all the way to the back. I was wearing heels for the first time in a long time so my feet were aching. I just wanted to get the Kindle and go. I couldn't leave without a cute case for it though. They don't have a  huge selection so I settled for a bright blue case. My ideal case would have been pink or had Hello Kitty on it.The employees were so much more willing to help here. It wasn't like Frys where it was like pulling teeth to get answers. When we were about to pay the cashier asked if we had their rewards card. We had one but I didn't want to use it because of what happened before. We made some big ticket purchases a couple of years back and the gift rewards were going to some random address in Illinois.  We tried to get it corrected through their call center and even talked to the manager. When we told them that the address on file was not ours and we could prove it they still would not change the address. This is why I will go no higher then a three star rating. I can never fully trust this company.
3	It is your standard Best Buy. I recently purchased a digital camera here. While it took awhile for the sales rep to acknowledge me and ask if I needed help, once he did, he was able to provide good service and make some helpful recommendations.  He didn't try to "upsell" me, and rang things up quickly.
4	We've bought some our kitchen appliances here in the past.  My husband doesn't fool around with prices, he looks for the "best buy" and we ended up here.  When we went looking for a new computer printer, we ran into the Kodak representative  who was setting up the display and he sold us on the printer, the staff wasn't even around to get involved until we asked for a boxed one they had to get from stock.  At check out we received a Gift card, so I came in today to use it.  Occasionally, I am greeted by a staff member but most of the time I can come in and browse without hassle.  They are always re arranging the floor plan, making things appear fresh, they have stopped stocking so many choices, and the prices still seem decent.  It's still a good place for electronics and such.
2	I went in this past weekend and sales person tried to sell me a wireless speaker system by Bose for my Ipad3 that was $299.00 dollars, but quickly became disinterested in me when I questioned the cost. I did find a cheaper wireless speaker system for 59.00 that works great though. Also bought a Targus cover for my Ipad thats the BOMB!!
1	Do not back up there recommended service providers. We bought a washer from them a year back which was installed incorrectly by an installer they sent. Caused major flooding and they refused to take any responsibility for it. After several lawyers letters we finally got them to admit fault and pay us what they owed.
3	For a few reasons I've been to this Best Buy which is quite a long ways a way from my house. Mostly I've been out here because I was doing other things/errands on this side of town and just decided to go in here to browse. I think my fiance also came here looking for something specific once, but I can't recall what it was.Like typical Best Buy's prices are higher than what you can find online or at other stores... usually. Whenever I come into a Best Buy I am pretty much there to look at stuff and comparison shop with prices I've seen elsewhere. IF I happen to find something that is lower than price, I'll probably buy it on the spot there.As for the store itself, it's clean and expansive. I've never seen a whole lot of merchandise out of place and the employees seem to be around, but not in your face about stuff. Every once and awhile you'll probably get someone asking how you're doing/if they can help you.Overall, this is probably one of the better Best Buy's in the valley.
1	WOW!!!! I remember when this place was sooo busy and you could barely get a parking spot, people comin in and out of the doors, the place would be noisy and crowded, and especially where the game area was.  Most of the time you couldn't even get your hands on a game controller to test anything out, because all the kids had been playing on it forever.  Well that has ALLLLLL changed.The parking lot was empty, the store was quiet as can be, empty, no one around and of course the prices are higher then most places now a days.  I went to look for either a set of computer speakers or a soundbar to add to my small t.v.   I clearly remember when they used to have 3 aisles FULL of computer speakers all sorts of brands and models within each type of brand. Today, the shelf had I think 5 or 6 models, 2 brands and that's about it.  There was no more selection.  The t.v. dept had no sound bars hooked up to test out, and the few they did have on their shelf were very over priced.  Best buy used to have all their stuff hooked up to test out and listen to etc.  That is definitely a thing of the past now.I don't expect the retail store aspect of this company lasting much longer.  They will probably convert to online only or go out of business soon enough.  What a shame too because they used to be so great but they have made a lot of bad business choices and not changed with the times.
4	Okay, I usually wouldn't give Best Buy a 4-star rating just because they're Best Buy.   And most of these stores have been downsized due to the economy.   But this one actually had good service and they didn't really bug you until you asked for help.  It also is one of the few that still carries everything.I went here for a Clear modem during the long labor day weekend since Cox decided to turn off all of my cable/internet/phone for no reason and wouldn't fix it even though I needed it for work.   So, I finally ended up at this store.   I'm not sure if he's supposed to do this or he cared, but he even went through the trouble of checking and making sure I was in coverage area.   That's nice!Usually, I don't really care for this chain due to price, but the people in this one actually made the difference this time.
1	Their "Low Price Guarantee"  basically excludes the prime times they might offer a lower price.
3	I always say it's hard to review a big franchise or big box stores as they are often coined.  Best Buy is a large electronics store.  I think the name is a little dated.  I say this because as George Bush calls it "The Internets," has changed the game.  I find myself coming to Best only to whip out my trusty Amazon app and start scanning bar codes.  I know this is wrong and trust me, I feel guilty every time.  I really want to support the business.  Like I mentioned the name "Best Buy" isn't usually the Best Buy in electronics.  The store has gone through some renovations and has an easy layout.  The service is usually pretty good.  It seemed like there was never an associate in sight.  Now when I go I usually have several people helping me out.  There's a plus for the store.  The store is usually pretty clean too.  I actually buy a lot of electronics here.  I like to see what I am buying before I buy it.  Overall I can usually wander around the store for a few hours.  Although my wife doesn't share the same appreciation for electronics as I do.  If you are in the area and need to pick up some electronics or even music or video games check this place out.  Cheers!
1	I went to pick up a computer purchased for my kid from another state and put under my name. This totally blew Amber, Tiffany, Mallory or what ever her name was tiny mind. She could not even properly type in my phone number or name and kept telling me I was giving her the wrong phone number! Idiot. After 25 LONG minutes she was able to locate the computer. She could NOT find my rewards number or do anything productive. I would have been better off going behind the counter and finding it myself! Perhaps they should hire someone other than teenagers to run this store.  I hate shopping there anyway, I prefer Fry's and they won't get another penny from me.
1	The employees were nice but had an extremely hard time scheduling delivery of 2 items. We went in knowing exactly what we wanted, and it took an hour and a half for them to get everything set up correctly. Training is definitely lacking! Then 3 days later we got an email from BB that they can't deliver the TV when they said they would and changed the delivery date to when we can't be home.  I spent another hour getting the run-around on the phone from corporate before I went to RC Willey and got a TV with delivery done in 20 min on the date I wanted.   Very disappointed in our Best Buy experience..........
3	Good selection and helpful staff
4	I don't think I could ever give a Best Buy less than 4 stars unless the service is lacking.  But that would be rare since I usually know what I'm looking for.  Good thing because customer service isn't too great at this Best Buy.  I haven't personally experienced poor service, but have witnessed other customers get the run around.  Actually, I should own stock at this specific Best Buy.  This one is located right across from Red Rock Casino, which means danger for me.  I don't know how many times I've won at Red Rock and ended up buying something that I really didn't need here.  This location is average size compared to the rest of the Best Buys out there. The prices here about average as well.  The selection isn't as great as Fry's, but the prices tend to be better. TIP:  Best time to buy a TV is mid to late January.  This is when the new models come out for the Super Bowl.  This means discounts on last year's models.
5	Best Beat Buy in Vegas!!
3	The only reason this place is just A-OK to me is because they never have what I'm looking for. Went looking for Archer DVD's and they didn't have the particular season in stock, then went looking for accessories for my Macbook Air, and they only have cases for the Pro. Ended up making my purchases online. :(The service is always friendly, and there are always a ton of people to help you.
4	I love Best Buy. It is the only real electronic store left to go and get the latest stuff. They usually have a great selection here and always have open items for sale. I love getting these because they will make you some kind of great deal to get it out of the store. The staff here is great. They are always very helpful. I love Dolores in appliances, she is hilarious and will do her best to get you what you need. I do feel that Best Buy is on it's last leg. I don't know how they can compete with all the great deals online. I hope they don't close the doors but I feel it is coming soon.
5	It's a standard Best Buy store but recently re-modeled:- Staff is always friendly and helpful when I had questions.  - Lots of floor samples (tablets, cameras) for hands-on tryouts.- I've ordered online for store pick up and never had a problem.  When I see a deal in the weekly circular and come in for it they have the item in stock.- It's next to a office superstore, Lowes, nearby Costco, etc so easy to get all my shopping errands done in the same vicinity.
2	Staff at the wireless phone booth not really friendly customer service zero
5	Every time I have visited this store, I have left happy. customer service is awesome, will be back.
5	Love this store, very helpful and friendly staff. They will match Internet pieces which is great and the best buy credit card give tons of interest free offers
4	I stopped in to check out the prices on some televisions. They have a lot to choose from, but the prices are better at Costco. They have decent prices on kitchen appliances. I think I will go with Costco.
2	Wanted to transfer a super 8 old movie to DVD. Two sales people at the Charleston branch incorrectly  said best buy can't assist . One of of them recommend  Costco. I found the product in best buy . A shipping box from I memories. $49.95. Two movies 50 feet in length to DVD. Cross checked online and saw the same product for $10.00 per movie. Located a rather aggressive little female manager who immediately barked ."If you want a price match we don't do that." I was comparing apples to apples. And asked if it was the same product. I honestly believe the excessive electronic signals have made the employees brain dead. I will return to best buy when I'm in the mood to watch a live zombie performance. Serious though, this place lacks serious customer service.
1	As many other reviews have said try to avoid this Best Buy if you can.  I have had many bad experiences from floor sales people ignoring customers to outright rude customer service.  Today I spend over 15 minutes at the checkout counter waiting on someone to bring a Nintendo DS to the cash register.  The "stock room" never did answer the pages so the cashier had to go get the item.  Asked to talk to the manager and Kurt came up and asked me "whats the problem?"   Explained to him the problem today and past experiences and he told me thier store gets excellent customer service ratings and "my problems" must be because it is the holidays.  Well Kurt - it wasn't busy when I was there and if this is how you treat customers I will gladly shop on Amazon where things cost less and someone delivers the product to my doorstep in a day or two.  Perhaps when Best Buy closes a store that values thier customers will take the excellent location in Summerlin!
4	Honestly Best Buy has moved up in my book in terms service and pricing. Their new CEO has taken it in a new direction which has helped bring me back. Between the free wifi and their new price matching guarantee that even includes some online stores such as Amazon or Newegg.com, I find myself coming back to Best Buy more and more if its something I need and do not want to wait for it to come in the mail. Finally Best Buy has stepped it up to the 21st century and brought people like me who used to use Best Buy as a showroom back in their store to actually purchase things now.
4	This best buy location is my favorite one in the city. It's much more organized and cleaner than the one on rainbow. The only bad thing I have to say about it is that the employees are really crappy. They're always slacking.
2	Small store, not enough customer service rep's & shelves with no products, really shocked. Step it up guys!
1	I just want to make people aware that the restrooms at this Best Buy are very dirty. Pee and poop before you go there.I've been going to this store for the last 5 years and I've never find the restrooms clean. This time I decided to talk to a manager. I couldn't find one so I grabbed an employee passing by and told him. Your restroom has NO toilet seat covers, NO paper to wipe my ass, NO soap, NO paper towels and it's very dirty. Employee said "I know man, that's why when I have to go, I use the one in Office Depot or I wait till I go home"I'm speechless
5	Mark is amazing! He is nice and funny and gives great costumer service!! He should be employee of the year!
1	Needed assistance on purchasing a new laptop. Couldn't even get the b*tch@ss of an associate to come help. She was aimlessly walking around and blatantly walked the other way when I asked for help. I walked out and they lost out on $2,200 in sales. Called to speak with a manager about my experience and was told that if I want to come back he'll help me. Honestly he could have cared less and didn't want to waste two seconds to apologize and try to understand which employee is ruining they're business. Definitely taking my business elsewhere to a place that appreciates my hard earned money and you should too.
2	I came for a new camera and laptop and left livid and 600$ lighter.Initially I went to buy a digital camera, just a simple little Canon camera since my other one was ruined at Sea World. The gentleman in the camera department was very attentive and patient with me. I'm a woman, so I have a million questions all the time. He made a suggestion and I went with it. I let him know I saw the camera online on their website for less, he gladly price matched it for me. YAY!!Now this is where it goes down hill.I went to the laptop area where it was literally myself and a couple looking at laptops. Since the couple was there first of course they were helped first, I browsed in the mean time. The couple evidently lets their child run their life because the kid was informing the salesman what he wanted. This kid was like 9, I wish Santiago would!! Pssh. So 35 mins later I'm still waiting to be helped, the camera guy asks where the other employee was and the dude said she was on her break. Shoooot I wish I could have a 35 min break! Any who, here comes miss vata loca with her attitude. I wanted a specific laptop and she said they had one... 20 mins later she couldn't find it.More attitude and eye rolls from her. I just decided on a plain laptop. I paid for that and left.This 2 hour trip hella sucked, but I got what I needed (not wanted)Yay!
2	I love electronics so any place that has them is pretty dangerous.  Wish I had the money for the new super HDTVs they have.  Huge and 4k... but then I would have to upgrade my sound system and then the furniture wouldn't work and I would have to replace the entertainment center with all unit and that's ok but then where would I store everything where that now resides and holy cow, I would have to re-arrange the furniture.  Oh hell, I might have to lose the dining table in favor of more viewing room.  Never use it anyway.. but then I could get another big chair in and ottoman... and.... well... now I need a new house.  Damn!Best Buy is actually OK but I always have a hard time getting service there.  There can be 10 people by the TV and every single time the employees will go to the men first, then the couples, then the woman buy herself.  Last tie I called the store and asked the operator to send someone over while I was in the store!It wasn't quite that bad this time but I did have to put both my hands in the air and wave them as the employees just walked by as if I was invisible.  To this day I can't figure out someone of my stature (height, size, etc) can be invisible!Do I need to take out a wad of hundreds and waive them around?So... I probably waited about 15 minutes after being the only one in the TV section for the employee there to help the other two people who arrived after me.  At least 3 other employees walked by and didn't offer to help.   Only after I waived one down did I get to ask a question and the guy didn't know and had to get someone else.  Then I figured out what I needed but it wasn't on the shelf so I had to wait for them to go get it.I got the TV for a couple bucks less than Costco but big deal.
2	I bought a new iMac online and they automatically add Kaspersky protection unless you remove it from the order. I saw the remove button just as I was pressing the complete purchase button. They would not refund that portion because it's software. I called Customer Support and a supervisor there would not issue a refund. Policy is policy. So they're losing my business over a little thing. I have two words for Best Buy----Apple Store.
1	Tried to give this best buy another chance but ran into a very consistent lack of customer service. Witnessed several others very frustrated with the lack of help!  The merchandise stocking is also very poor. Out of many items. I will continue to buy all electronics at Amazon.
1	Needed a new Tv, so I went here.Finally after 8 years it was time for a new tv.Pretty standard stuff here. Did research online, went to the store and purchased what I needed.The service was meh!! The guy took maybe 30mins to find a tv that was in stock and one section over. So after purchase the clerk said because of some sort of store policy, I had to lug my tv out of store myself and that I could not use a dolly or cart.So as I dragged the tv out of the store they said "have a nice day". Not sure if it is policy or the clerk wanted to count his commission but I was pretty disappointed.
1	NEVER coming here again - I came here to buy a TV and made it clear when I needed it delivered. I have very specific times within which I am allowed to have delivery trucks come through the gates and I was very clear about them. I was assured that I would be called with a delivery window and would be able to request another time if it wasn't suitable.I got the call for the delivery window which ended up being outside of the times I was allowed to have trucks come in. I called the number the associate gave me, only to be told (by Penn Ridge) that they will absolutely not change the delivery time and I am basically SOL. Their delivery time was outside the delivery times outlined by the rules of the community, but they made sure to underline the fact that they are VERY FAMILIAR with the community and their rules. I asked "WHY" if they know the rules would they schedule something that could absolutely not come through the gate - no real answer to that. They called the community rules "ridiculous" - which is funny, because they were the ones being ridiculous IMO.So Back to Best Buy - they basically said that Best Buy doesn't have any right to say that delivery times can be changed when they absolutely cannot be. While I think this system is flawed, Best Buy should be doing something to mitigate these negative customer experiences: 1) Best Buy should be using a more flexible delivery service; 2) associates should be briefed about the rules of said service and 3) should be honest about them to customers. I could have easily gone to another store that could guarantee me my delivery time and save myself the hassle if the associate had been upfront about the inability to change delivery times. There is simply no way he could not have known that information.Needless to say, I am done with Best Buy. I am currently trying to return this item so I don't give a cent to this company; let's see how easy that is.
3	Mediocre at best.  Customer service was terrible.   The only thing that kept me there was the fact that I'm a long-time best buy rewards member and got an amazing deal on my deck and free install.  Lastly, geek squad worker was nice, and very helpful.   But store workers were terrible.
1	An overpriced quote and a horrible customer service from the geek squad. I will never come here again.
3	A very big and nice store!  Customer service was pretty good, although with such a big store, you need to have more people around to help. I don't like walking around to find someone to help me.THe other thing is, the one person that did come over and offer to help while I was looking for a modem was a lady from Direct/TV COX.  She offered to help but she was really there just to sell me on COX internet.  Which is fine, it just seemed a bit dishonest as I assumed she worked there.Nice Store!
3	Having not been to a Best Buy in nearly 12 months but benefitted by a family member's purchase with $20 worth of Rewards to spend I decided to browse the online options and utilizing the buy-and-pick-up in store option I must say I found the experience far less annoying than usual, the CD waiting at the counter with the whole process thoroughly painless.  Clearly having rennovated the look of the stores since my last visit but still trending far more pricey than e-tail options like Amazon I can't say I'll be frequenting the store anytime soon, but for the rare instance when free money presents itself it is good to know that the 'grab n' go' option is viable.
4	This is probably my favorite Best Buy location in Las Vegas. It has a nice, clean layout. There's a lot of room and it's easy to navigate through the store. I like the display set ups that let you explore the products before you make a purchase. The employees here are always friendly. I made a trip here yesterday to visit the Geek Squad. I purchased a Surface 2 about a month ago and the battery already died completely. It wouldn't charge. They were originally going to send it out to the factory but let me do an exchange instead. That was very convenient so I appreciated that. I like buying electronics from Best Buy because I like the company. They offer good protection plans for their products. The Geek Squad is usually helpful. Best Buy has a great credit card too. As long as you make a monthly payment and pay off your total in twelve months, there is no interest at all! Their rewards are also a nice bonus too! I'll continue to shop at Best Buy and this location while I'm in Vegas. :)
1	Wow - totally awful customer service, which seems occur regularly at this store.  Wasn't in looking for a tablet with my 11 year old.  Waited 15 minutes for a sales associate - none to be found.  There were 2 horsing around at the security desk - but didn't want to break up their fun. Waited in line for geek squad Oy to be told that a tablet was the responsibility if the mobile dept - naturally they were too busy to assist.  We were all set to spend $500.
5	I got my iPhone 6 in less than 65 min...great service and extremely efficient.
1	Okay I'm standing in check out line because I have an iPhone power cable that I need to purchase because iPhone power cables have to be made by Apple. I will never purchase an iPhone again. But wait there's more the REAL apple iPhone power cables are not in the mobile phone accessory section they're actually in a different part of the store not by the Apple products. Back to the checkout line so I'm standing in the checkout line watching all the 4 employees standing at the front door talking and there's only one girl at the register.  Then another customer walks up to the employees and shows them a phone cover and the employee walks over to the closed register and opens it up and check him out. While the rest of us are standing in line watching this transaction.  I'm thinking this is fantastic that's what I should've done. But wait there's more I get to the register with my $20 APPLE cord for my iPhone and the girl asked to see my ID with my credit card. I'm thinking wow this is a huge purchase she better check my ID. I can get better service at the $.99 store. NEVER GOING TO BEST BUY AGAIN!  I approve this message JK KUHL....
4	I wouldn't normally review a Best Buy, especially at this stage of my Yelp life, but my experience last night warrants sharing.Seeing that there were a few stores in town that had the new Nexus 9 in stock, I impulse-ordered it online and chose store pickup at the Summerlin location. Of course, I later discovered that I could trade in my old tablet (that I never use anyway) and basically get $100 that I could use toward purchasing the N9.Long story short, it was quite a hassle for the employees to figure out a way to essentially get me $100 off. You'd think it would be easy enough. Return my store pickup and repurchase with the $100 worth of credits. I was there a long time as they wrestled with their computer system, but they persisted and got it done. I actually ended up with $104-and-change back onto my credit card. Not bad for a tablet I purchased for $200 a couple of years ago. One that both Gazelle and Best Buy's usual trade-in program only values at $10 (and really worth nothing to me sitting at home).So now I have a brand new tablet that I still may or may not use that much. You can give me zero stars for my questionable shopping decisions. Four stars goes to Best Buy.
1	Thanks for saying your doing a midnight review but not doing it for halo . 3rd time being lied too. Guess they don't like elite plus members.
1	On the website it said they would be doing a midnight release of the Halo Master chief collection. So when we arrived there at 11:30 we were informed that they wouldn't be doing it. No notice and no warning that it wouldn't be happening. An employee came outside to inform us that they "accepted preorders" but wouldn't he doing a midnight release until a week after the game came out. He was rude, lied and just didn't care. This is why best buy is going out of business and Amazon and Frys taking over.
4	BestBuy and I go way back. Way back when I used to also be on friendly terms with Circuit City. Before CC up and did a corporate Houdini disappearing and not reappearing trick on me.  But enough about my past failed relationships. It is 2014, but not for much longer!!! Let's talk about what is in the now and the future.The Best Buy brand is still struggling just like in the tough years that lead to CC's eventual brick and mortar stores being liquidated in 2009, since the economy is still soft, the online and very real competitive threats still remained and growing bigger and bolder.  But I am glad there is still a BB to go to when I am aimlessly shopping for electronics or accessories that I may or may not know I need or want.  Seriously, there is nothing that can beat holding something tangible in your hand when shopping for a new piece of equipment or experiencing the visual and audio components of your new UDTV or 3D audio equipment for your home theater upgrade. (+1 for sure on that alone)Black Fridays is an annual festival of barely contained consumerism in a time when many are still questioning the pace of economic recovery.  Long lines, earlier store opening time, and diverse selections of seemingly crazy markdowns on items from all product categories.  Last year I scored ~$20 Game of Thrones season 1 and 2 on Blu-Ray, even after arriving to the party late.  I had to look really hard for them, but it was still in stock.  This year, no sale on GOT, but I still ended up spending more than I should on more Blu-ray movies & season sets, plus a laptop so cheap it can practically be considered disposableOn typical weekdays and weekends, BB still have some decent sales promotions.  But you really have to look hard for the best in class deals.  Doctor Who season 5 and 6 on Blu-Ray for also $20 apiece!  Sweet!!! These were like $30 on the big A dot com plus shipping at the time I scored that deal. Alas, I never saw such great deals on Doctor Who season sets ever again.  Insert sad face.Besides the good deals and sometimes really good deals, the reason I continue to shop here and the other Best Buy stores is their customer service.  BB associates typically will ask if they can help you with what you are looking for (except on Black Friday weekends), which is cool if you need help, but they are okay if you just want to be left alone to wander the aisles of merchandise aimlessly for an hour or more.  Looking to buy electronics that does not appeared to be stocked, asking any associates that is not currently assisting another customer is the way to go.  Most of them are good at their job, and some of them I have discovered are really persistent (like when they look for something that is supposedly in stock but is not located where it is supposed to be).  I considered that great customer service. And is the one thing you typically can't get shopping online.So speedy checkout, good customer service, not too much upselling, decent pricing, and the ability to tangibly see the items you are shopping for equals 3.5 stars in my book.  Since it is the long Thanksgiving weekend, I will round it up to 4.  Happy Thanksgiving/Black Friday and Cyber Monday everyone!
1	the best buy online pickup was the worst
3	It's basically the same as any other location- sadly the inept staff seem to be a company-wide thing instead of location-specific. I ordered online for better pricing, and opted to pick up in-store for immediate gratification (and no shipping charges). Sounds simple, picking up an order, right? Wrong-o.Order was not correct, employee had difficulty correcting it, but ultimately did so- after I picked up, returned, and re-bought one of my items, this time at the in-store price instead of the online price, which was a difference of nearly $10, thus defeating my money-saving strategizing.In the future, I'd rather wait a couple of days and wait for my order to arrive by UPS than come in store again.
1	terrible service. employees don't care for their customers.  I ordered  online 10 days ago and  I didn't get any notice. I went to best buy. I was waiting at online pick up area but nobody came & I was waiting for an employee but after 15 mins one guy came. I gave my receipt to him & he checked the item but it was not there. He said  they don't have it yet . This is a terrible service because there was no notice & I  waited for a long time. This is not right service. Also I wanted to cancel the item in the store but I was told that I can't do it.  This is a terrible service. I will never come back again.
1	I am so put up with Best Buy. I have ordered 6 different TV within the last 2 months because of the TV was either cracked, didn't work with arc 1 input on our receiver,  or the orders continued to be pushed back.  I lost count on how many times I tried calling BB and got disconnected or the phone never was answered.  Mark helped us out a few times,  and he did a good job getting our situation fixed but the hassle of going to BB continually, especially during the holidays was not on my agenda.  We finally received the 70" Vizio 4k TV and it's awesome.  Great TV. But next time,  I will go elsewhere!
