2	I was having no luck finding a great fine stationery store on Wednesday!  :-(Paper Twist is newly opened.  Their claim to fame is exotic, fine and expensive gift wrappings - paper, ribbon, etc.  You can buy and do it your self or, bring your gift and they will do the work.I thought the range of wrappings displayed was disappointingly limited, given that this is their advertised specialty.  If you have more in the back room, bring them out front!  There is a small selection of greeting cards and of gift items.I found their selection of stationery and fine pens particularly wanting.  They don't carry some of the bigger stationer names such as Crane's.  And the only fine pen brand I saw was Lamy.If I'm in the neighborhood, I'll stop at Origami Ink before I'd come back here.
3	I went to this store just to browse, so I had no expectations or wish lists to fulfill.  I had a great time browsing around, and unlike the other reviewers, thought that their selection of paper was decent.  And the shopkeeper was very upfront about the fact that they had more in back, if I wanted to check it out.  The staff was very friendly.They had a lot of pens when I was there, as well as a lot of office stuff (notebooks, pens, folders, planners).  Some of the stuff is a little cheesy and useless, but some people are into that, right?  It was fun to just wander around.  I ended up buying some grocery bags for a friend and an organza flower headband/belt/thing.
5	We had planned to order our wedding invitations from an online retailer until we stopped by Paper Twist and took a peek at their options. We loved not only the array of invite choices, but were very pleasantly surprised to see the pricing was in line or better than the online retailers we researched. We were thrilled with the end result - our invites were beautiful and we received many compliments on the design. We also ordered personalized note cards and an embosser; both made for very sharp thank you notes we could also use for personal correspondence.We were treated warmly and pleasantly from start to finish and would highly recommend anyone in the market for invites/stationary/thank-you cards/everything in between stop by Paper Twist!
4	I'm a fan of this Cool, Nice looking Little Shop almost behind Bricktops... In  the Specialty Shops, across the street from South Park Mall.  Almost every time I'm over here I'll visit and check out their merchandise... The Ladies working here are always polite and want to be helpful...Though this shop is more convenient I'm usually finding more of what I like at Phillips Place "Paper Source" or in Dilworth at "Paper Skyscraper"...Wrapping it up, I will continue to shop here because I'm always looking for something different - I wrapped each Christmas gift for my Fiancee with a different Wrapping Paper - Presentation IS Important!!!
