4	This area of town was definitely in need of some authentic Mexican food, and this place fills that role wonderfully! They are open 7am to 9pm every day. They've only been open a week, and we've already been there twice!Breakfast:Delicious scramblers (hers was tomatoes, onions and jalapeno; his was egg + chorizo) - served with warm corn tortillas, avocado, cilantro and refried beans with white Mexican queso. I am NOT a fan of refried beans...until now. I couldn't believe it, but I really liked them! A bit thicker and chunkier than the usual, and the flavor was soooo good! They also served two of their three homemade salsas (a red and a green) with the meal. We also got a side of hashbrowns (had the option of cheese + onions, but I declined). They had the perfect amount of crispiness. Very good!! We also had horchata to drink...again, I am NOT a fan of horchata....until now! How can this be? It was totally delicious.Dinner:I got veggie tacos with nopales & onions. I never had nopales (cactus) before - it was tender, and very tasty. Would for sure get it again! It was pretty much the only vegetarian option, but the waitress did say they could omit the meat off of any dish. I'm a seafood eater too, and though there is not any seafood on their menu, they do have daily specials (today is Camerones de Diablo, also Camerones soup and also a whole fried fish! Thinking of going back again later!). Hubby got a pork burrito called cochinita pibil, which was described as pork braised in citrus and achiote. It was a pretty big burrito, cut in half on the diagonal so easy to pick up and devour, which he did. The only negative was the Americanized touches to it, aka orange cheese and iceberg lettuce (resulting in a score of 4 instead of 5). However, those ingredients seemed to pair well with the authentic meat, and showed that they are holding true to their theme of "America Latina". We wish they would put some of the Mexican queso from the refried beans on the tacos/burrito instead. They do have a pretty extensive American half of the menu to appease the members of your party who are not fans of authentic Mexican (who ARE those people!!) - burgers, chicken strips, steak sandwich, etc. We didn't pay much attention. Ditto on the breakfast menu - basic omelets, scramblers, pancakes, etc.The family is super sweet - big sister was our waitress, little sister brought some of the food, mama came to check on us, papa kept his eye on everything. They are from Veracruz, Mexico and they clearly brought their family recipes with them. And the prices! Once they get going, they really should add at least $3 to every entree item! So fast and cheap and GOOD. Go there. Now.
5	This nice family run business just opened one week ago.  We live near by and noticed it while driving last.  We are thrilled' with excellent food and friendly service.  A great addition to this very ethnic corner of restaurants.
1	Some of the worst food I've been served in recent memory.  The burrito I had was greasy and completely tasteless.  I couldn't eat it.I'll never go back.  I only wish I could give this place zero stars.
5	I ordered a cheeseburger and the Cajun fries and this is the best burger I have had and Madison in a long time. The fries were great, not spicy though. Very nice workers too.
5	First let me say it is nothing "fancy" and I'm not factoring that into the review. The food was excellent. I had the fish taco dinner, which was awesome, and the kids liked their food too. I was also very happy with the prices. Instead of the usual fast food night crap, consider going here instead. The prices might even be lower than the usual fast food.. $2 tacos are a bargain.The other thing I liked is the the owners were very friendly and happy to have us there. It is a small locally family owned place, and I look forward to going back.
4	In brief: I was pleasantly surprised. For Mexican food, I like more "authentic" (I mean, as much as I as a food nerd in Wisconsin can reasonably claim to know about authentic Mexican) than Midwest overstuffed-with-dairy Mexican.  A couple of my preferred Mexican joints have shut down lately, this place opens up like a mile from my house.  Hey potentially solid Mexican place real close to home is worth investigating.  It's in a strip mall, in a space that's been a couple other restaurants before. Inside it's pretty bare. Definitely mom-n-pop. When I went, one daughter was taking orders, her mom was cooking, and another sister was helping in the kitchen.  So look at my surprise when one of their standard meats that you can throw in pretty much any shape & size of masa dough, is cochinita pibil (slow roasted achiote rubbed pork shoulder).  A lot of places that's like an entree unto itself but here you can get it on anything. I had a cochinita pibil huarache which was plenty of food, and really good. My friend who had been lifting all day got 4 tacos (cochinita, pastor, steak, chicken), and a GIANT chicken quesadilla (1/3 of which I ended up eating). Then he wanted to try the fish taco special and tried to order 1 fish taco, but we ended up with a whole order of fish tacos, so I had one of those and it was pretty solid too. Nice slaw & salsa. Way too much food, but all good, and very cheap.  Support my new neighborhood Mexican joint. Because I want to eat there more!
4	It's always a great day when I discover a new Mexican place really close to work and not too far out of the way home for a good takeout dinner. Not only that, I love me some breakfast tacos and they serve breakfast daily, so I will surely be visiting upon my next hangover.But for today, I brought home a shredded pork taco, an al pastor taco and a chicken taco, all with the traditional onion/cilantro toppings. The meats were roasted, juicy and seasoned, with generous portions on each taco. I also ordered a pollo suiza entree -- grilled chicken and carmelized onion made into gooey goodness after being topped with melted cheese. The guacamole, something I'm not usually a big fan of -- was fresh and tasty, a strong hint of lime and not too many onions. The only way I like it, and that's how they do it.Fresh, well-presented food, this close to work and home? Si senors y senoritas, I will be back.
5	They've changed their menu a bit after being open for a little over a month - ditched the American fare, except on the breakfast menu, and added a bunch of seafood options on the weekends. Not to mention tons of specials. $1.00 tacos - what?? They also changed their hours, and are closed on Mondays. We've continue to visit them at least once per week - the family is so nice, and the food is incredible. Try the jaimaica drink - a sweet flower iced tea. Yum.
5	When Taqueria Guadalajara burned, we scoured the entire Mad area for our authentic Mexican fix. We moved here from Los Angeles and it's something we've missed dearly. THIS IS IT!It's just like taco truck Mex, but clean, friendly and inviting, like sitting at abuelalita's kitchen table. Very friendly, family run, great service, even better food!
5	Tragically, America Latina has permanently closed. A new family has taken over the space and there is a sign out that it is going to now be called El Burrito. Boohoo.
