4	Very friendly staff, short wait time, good explanation of charges and procedures. At the first visit, they took something like 18 x-rays! Very extensive and good to have on file, but the piece that they put inside the mouth to take the x-rays is not very comfortable. I got a few cavities filled here recently, and they were very friendly and willing to cooperate with your personal needs, and the procedure did not take long.
5	I love Smile Innovations and I can honestly recommend this dentistry to anyone. The staff are very friendly and the facility is extremely clean and relaxing. I look forward to every visit and I am so thankful I found the best of the best!!! Please try for yourself you won't be disappointed :)
4	I came here to get my lips filled. I rather come to a dentist for this because its pain free. My lips look and feel fabulous and the staff treated me like I was family. This office is all about building relationships and giving the best treatment. Love this place.
5	I rarely write non-food related reviews, but Smile Innovations deserves to be recognized. The entire staff is friendly, courteous, and professional. The offices are clean and modern, it almost feels like you're in The Matrix. I think that's pretty cool.After several recommendations from friends, I scheduled whitening session with Dr. Ma. Upon arrival, I was greeted by the receptionist and waited for about 10 minutes before being called into the death chair, I mean dentist chair. The hygienist came in and did her thing with the dental tools. She was thorough and made it as painless as she could, 100% pain-free is probably impossible. Dr. Ma came in shortly for the whitening process.  Every staff member that I encountered was friendly and sociable. I highly recommend Smile Innovations for all of your dental care.
5	Highly recommended. The clinic is very clean and lessens the stress of being in a dental chair later.  Having Netflix while undergoing some procedure is a plus esp for my kids.  All the staff were super friendly.  Very reasonable prices.  Very flexible operating hours and days.  They can accommodate you when your teeth is causing you so much pain.  Dr Boyd is very good and highly commendable.  Going to the dentist is not horrible and something to be afraid of.  My whole family attest to this wonderful experience.
5	I highly recommend smile innovations. The doctors are very friendly and the hygienists are very well trained. I love the atmosphere of this office and recommend Dr Boyd and Dr Ma to all my friends and family. Look no further for your new family dentist! My husband and I take all three of our kids here as well.
