5	Went in to get my hair cut yesterday as my first time there. Service was excellent. I was very happy to see how clean everything was, as well as how friendly the staff was. This is the only salon I go to from now on!Hair stylist: Michell.
5	LOVE this place. Larry does my hair as well as my husband's, daughter's and my mother's. Expert at the ombre and everything else under the sun. Highly recommend!
5	Specifically Joseph Volpe, seriously amazing stylist, articulate, experienced and up to date on styles, cuts and of course color. Over 20 years experience and has clients from day one of his career. The salon is simple, open and always plenty of parking . His prices are very affordable and he takes c/c or cash. Mostly works Tuesday thru Saturday but will makes appointments on Sunday and Monday if needed.
1	Yelp has never let me down, until now. Haircut by Larry. Very personable..unfortunately, WORST haircut in my life. I always ask new stylists if they know how to cut bangs as I have pretty heavy bangs similar to Zooey Deschanel and it seems to be rocket science to cut them correctly. He said it would not be a problem. I even showed a photo.  I told him the last guy that trimmed my bangs did a terrible job and foreshadowing: whenever I said I didnt like something he did, he blamed it on the last guy. Anyway, here you go:At first he took off a tiny amount to the point where my bangs were the same length as when I walked in. Told him to cut it shorter which he did but the triangular shape was not there. I described to him how my hairstylist (who unfortunately moved out of town) would frame them and then cut. He did not understand. I needed them to flow into the rest of my hair, almost like a wide upside down U. So my already thin hair was then cut like a "sex kitten" as he put it where he glided the scissors down my hair to create a weird layer which will just end up looking like a bunch of flyaway strands. I told him I didn't like it and I am assuming that was end beginning of the end, he CUT the hair off.  I didn't realize he bluntly chopped off hair that was not part of my bangs (see picture).  SO pissed. Had I noticed this, I would not have tipped. Learned my lesson.Enough with the bangs. I told him I wanted about 1-2 inches off cut totally straight as my hair reached mid back. My request turned into him cutting it like a U. Long story short, I have to wait for these extremely short pieces of hair to grow out the length of my long hair.  Good luck if you take your chances with this place.
