1	sitting alone on a dirt rd 5 miles from Cordes pop. 11 and nowhere. (Rural open Desert) Just me and 2 bottles of water sitting on a rock in the desert. I call AAA at 1:45 they say they will have a truck right out to me. A tow truck from 101 Towing calls me and the driver says "I'm passing Happy Valley Rd. I'll be there in 45 minutes." I think it will take a bit longer than that but ok. I'm watching the dirt...road...I'm watching the dirt road... 2:45 comes 3:45 comes, he'll be here any minute. I call the drivers number who called me. "Are you almost to Bloody Basin Rd.?" He responds with "you've got the wrong driver." We hang up, I call AAA "What is the status on my truck? I'm about out of water" AAA says "Let's see, it says here in the notes that the driver called you and told you he wouldn't be coming because they won't go down a dirt road." "AHH NO!The only call the driver made to me was to say he would be here in 45 minutes 2 hours ago." I got the name of the company and called them. Their dispatcher answers and says "oh, he was supposed to call you, we told him to call you so we told AAA you were called." Leaving a person in the desert, (not in a town, in the desert!) knowing you told them you were on your way and never calling them again, just washing your hands of them is no different than hitting a person and running not caring if they are ok. I got the car towed at 5:00 by a small non AAA covered truck from Black Canyon City where it sits. They told me they would be there in 45 minutes then decided to never called me again to let me know they were not coming. Almost 5 hours in the desert and out of water. You just don't do that to another human being.
1	A shame that they drivers who are rude and have no experience. There drive claimed he could not Get my VW bug out of our garage.. due to the fact it was on a income and had no brakes.. here I thought that's why you called professionals in the first place. It took my neighbor To come over and assist us in releasing the transmission into neutral and backing the car out into the street while using the parking brake. It took less then 60 seconds to do this. I guess even professionals like Ryan in truck #2 can't know everything!
