5	Excellent place for all your vaping needs. Outstanding customer service and knowledgeable staff. Highly recommend. Sign up for email specials!
5	Nice vapor shop, their Frank N Juice is my favorite juice I even rate it high compared to other juices I've tried from other shops. If you have questions about things just ask the girls they can help!
5	Red Vapor is -the- place to shop for all your gaping needs. From beginners to advanced users, there's something for everyone here.Equipment - Options. Basic Ego style batteries, and a wide selection of non-clone tanks to go with them. Variable voltage from Ego, Vision, and the new Innokin Clik. Most of Kanger's lineup, Aspire BDC. Looking for an upgrade, they've got MVP's, VTR's, 134's, the SVD, K-Max, Tesla, And Seigelei. Ready for Mechanicals? Wide selection of well-made clones at a price you'd be hard-pressed to beat. Many RDA options. Real Sony batteries. And did I mention great prices for a B&M?Juice - More options. House juice line has some real gems (Karpo, Galapagos, Zeus Juice to name some of my favorites), and several premium lines. Suicide Bunny, Frankenjuice, VapeTrik (from youtube's Rip Tripper's), Leet.Service - A+. The reason this is my vaping "home". Debbie stands by her products. Her and Jessi are both knowledgeable about what's available and what you really want. The environment is different from most other shops, family friendly and a good place to chill.I've been to most of the shops in the West Valley, and Red Vapor is one of the best.
5	Great place to go for all your vaping needs. From beginners to advanced vaping, Red Vapor has what you need. Great Service, rewards program, fair prices,you'll have no reason to go anywhere else!Multiple juice lines is a major plus, several premium lines, some made right here in AZ.
5	We really like this family owned vape spot. All the ladies have been on point. I love going to sample stuff and often purchase new batteries and flavors b/c I'm a bit of a needy gal and a bit clumsy. I broke a tank they fixed it broke a battery or two they recommended the better fit. Actually replaced one too. Super knowledgeable and always ready to help. Thanks guys for all your assistance! We are weekly customers and always satisfied. Oh and 5 star  offered as well for discounts. I just got the b-day offer today.  Always have specials and new flavors to try. I think I've tried em' all and then blam a new flavor! Love it.
5	helpful people, cool store. i like going there.
5	Went in today to get two new setups. The owner was extremely friendly and answered all my questions. She even fixed my aerotank I had purchased elsewhere. I picked up the MVP and some other goodies. So far I'm loving their juice as well. Would recommend this place to anyone on this side of town. You won't regret it.
5	Red Vapor is by far the best vape shop in town!!! The customer service is amazing. You can tell the shop is family owned, and that's exactly what you get is a family vibe when you enter. The product is just as amazing. From the mods to the oils, hands down, A1!!! Oh, and did I mention the prices? Best prices in the valley!!! I give Red Vapor five stars all the way across!!! Thank you all at Red Vapor for always taking care of my wife and I. We will be loyal customers till the end.
5	Great selection of mods and rda's, all new stuff.. Great prices on some tasty juice (the Frank N Juice 7.5 is fantastic!). Best of all, this shop is home to the Frank N Box unregulated box mod.. Best box I've experienced yet. Lifetime warranty on all parts?! Hell yes! Love this shop. Wish I lived closer, I'd be there much more often
4	They have a nice selection of juice and mods/ starter kits all the good stuff it was hard to see juice flavors and I would give 5 but I didn't get the best customer service and felt kind of rushed but I will be back to give it another shot! The waterberry if off the chain
