2	La "Belle" Province was not at her most glamorous today.  The food is pretty standard of your typical breakfast fare except the toast was smothered in butter.   There really is no point in getting whole wheat toast for the added nutritional benefits with the vats of butter canceling out, if not, bringing you back into the negatives.The decor is very retro 50s with booth seats.  The place reminded me of a dive bar minus the amazing food!  This particular Belle Province was less like the others that I walked past (e.g. commercial chain restaurant), and more of a mom and pop shop.  I ordered 2 eggs with homefries and smoked meat.  The smoked meat was nothing special, but then again I've been spoiled with the likes of Schwartz's and its hard for anyone to live up to that reputation.  The eggs were over easy as I requested, and the potatoes were fine.  If you're looking for your normal greasy spoon breakfast, La Belle Province is the place to go.  Maybe I'm a brekkie-snob, but it just didn't do it for me :p
5	I went to Montreal for a work conference, and I was demanded by my sister to try the Poutine in Montreal. I decided to go to La Belle Province as it was recommended by some people I attended the conference with. So once I stepped in the shop I automatically thought Olden Diner Style. (I just thought of Oppan Gangnam Style... Ehhhh Sexy Lady) Teehee!! Anyways back to the review. I ordered the Poutine and took it to the table. It was love at first bite, the Cheese Curds with that Hot Gravy on top of all of the succulent fries, perfectly incorporated to create the perfect bite. It was a large portion, but it better be if its 6 bucks for a Poutine. Montreal (La Belle Province) is definitely a great place to get your Poutine fix, its much better than the imitation Poutines with Mozzarella. Get your French on and manger la poutine.
5	Always stop off here while in Montreal. Too bad they don't serve Poutine like this in Toronto, North York, Scarborough, etc....Terrific,  :P  Went in one early Saturday morning and the place was packed,  8O ! Hope to drop by again in March.
3	Made to order fast food in downtown Montreal serving the white and blue collar work force.  I had a burger and poutine, expecting them to slab an unknown piece of meat between buns.  I was surprised when they actually cooked it, it was served fresh than slabbed between button and with ketchup and mustard.  The poutine was suppose to be really good but I thought it was mediocre, gravy was good but I didn't think the curds was that fresh.  I would have tried it again but the price was kind of high for what it was.  Late night drunk food, yes.
5	Great, just great.
