4	You may ask yourself...but aren't all gas stations alike? Before visiting the Trop Stop I would have said yes! Well, kind of. Typically when I fill up, I go to Smith's...its just cheaper because I buy a lot of groceries there...however, when I am looking to get my car washed, I go to Trop Stop. They have your traditional drive through carwash, but what you don't see is that if you buy the traditional car wash (around $7) you will get a hand wash and hand dry...once you pull up to the car wash, 1-2 attendants will come out and scrub your car down really really well. After you go through the wash, they will do a very good hand dry. They will do this even if you get the cheapest wash offered. All you need to do is tip the attendants. Seriously, you can get a hand car wash for anywhere between $10-15 depending on your tip. I've not seen anything like this before. However, after I stopped by my first time (have been back a few times since) I always see Limo's there. This is where many of the limo's in town get their wash, I can imagine its because of the price and quality. Additionally, you can get a hand wash pretty much anytime of the day. I've gotten one as late as 11pm (after parking under a tree all day). This is definitely a gem in the town full of car wash joints....
1	I needed gas so I went to the closest station which was this one.This location needs a total facelift - it's old and dirty.I do like how it's between McDonalds and Wendys, just in case you're hungry.Gas prices are a little cheaper here.
5	Yeah its a gas station with a convenience store and small fast food in it (Carl's I think).  it's clean and well run but the real gem is the car wash.I bought the $8 wash and its a small one bay car wash.  But there are 2 guys there that give you badass hard-working hand wash and dry before and after the drive through.  I tipped $5 on principle and would go back anytime.  it takes a minute but the best wash I've seen. do yourself a favor and check it out!
1	Every time we tried to put in gas it kept saying please visit another pump or pump in use when no one was there or using the pump. Multiple cars have come and gone without filling gas or using the store inside. Horrendous. Skip this if you have the chance. No public restroom unless you are an employee. Fail.
