4	We've eaten at this location quite a few times. We've always enjoyed it. The pizza is great and the employees are friendly. We also threw my son's 6th birthday party here in sept. Our hostess assigned to our party was great and very patient with all the kids.  My son said it was the best party ever. We'll definately be having more parties here!
4	I brought my son and his friends here on a holiday weekday for lunch.  The pizza buffet was a good deal and the kids were able to select from a good variety of options.  Since it was all you can eat, they all had their fill.  The pizza was pretty fresh because you could see they were struggling to keep up with demand.  Of course it did not help that some people were taking six and seven slices per plate and stacking vertically.  Why not just take the entire pizza at that rate?  Anyways, good food.  Good prices.  Dining area was a disaster but they really got ran over by a train of wild children.  Other visits have proven to me that this is a normally very clean restaurant.I definitely recommend this as a great pit-stop for the kids to get their fill of pizza and video games.
5	Absolutely LOVE Peter Piper and have enjoyed this facility for years. Surprised I haven't YELP'd it before now but I guess it just never struck me to do so. Great games that are always working. Easy for the littler ones to get tickets for the toys that you could buy in the dollar store but end up spending $20 to get...but I digress. Pizza is addictive. I CRAVE the California Veggie which is my favorite and although it doesn't always fit in my diet plans, I do try to have it about once a month.  I've also had the wings, salads, and even the soft serve ice cream. All is very good.I've been to birthday parties here, held meetings here, and even had fundraisers here all with lots of success. This Peter Piper is very good to the community as well offering plenty of donations and opportunities to reward kids in schools.  The staff here is friendly and nice. The management is helpful and eager to please.All around 5 star location.
3	Peter Piper Pizza.... Gotta give at least 5 stars for a business that promotes itself as a childrens play haven that serves beer and caters to the Pedophile Peter lunch crew.  I joke... But really, you have to admit that seeing (alone and old) men in here with so many kids is kinda creepy. It seems that the prices have inflated - 2 tokens for games. Chuck only charges 1 for his games!  Drop it down a dime Peter. Kids always have a blast.  The bathrooms have been clean, how do I know this? My kids don't get sick after eating here. Sure they wash their hands, but does anyone else? A sure way to know is based off if you get sick after eating here.  It's a germ haven! Any place with kids, snot, food, teenage employee's and games. It's all we really have for kids up here that isn't $$$. We have the Bowling Alley now, but that will cost you way more than 2 tokens! I took away 2 stars because we had a party here once before - never again!! Also, because it isn't a 5 star kinda place.  Serves it's purpose. Hits the demographic. Pizza is ok, prices $35 for pizza, drinks and tokens for 4. (well 1 mom and 3 kids)
5	We came to have a small celebration for my daughters 7th birthday and as she put it, it was "the BEST birthday EVER" ! I'm very lucky to have such a thankful child who was happy with her mom and dad, 1 Aunt, 1 Uncle, 1 Cousin and Grandma and Grandpa as the party guest!Let me start by saying that we walked in not knowing what the heck we were gonna do, even though we've been there a million times before.  So we talked to Matty, the Manager and he gladly helped us out with the carry out special that we ate there.  He was very accommodation and super nice!  The pizza was great and the cheese and peppers shakers were all filled.  I know that seems like a very miniscule thing, but when all you want is to shake some cheese and pepper on your pizza, it's nice not having to go ask them to be refilled or ask the table behind you to use theirs.All the games were working and none were out of tickets.  Matty even gave my daughter a big, ginormous purple Peter Piper Pizza pen for her birthday.  She LOVED it!  So thank you for making her very "quaint" party "the BEST birthday EVER!"
4	When I was going to school in the Phoenix area about 25 yrs ago!!! I was a regular customer at the local Peter Piper Pizza! It was no big deal, when you are on a college budget! A $4.99 large pizza would last me all weekend! Now our 5 yr old nephew was visiting us from Cali, we took him to our local fine Italian establishment! It reminds me a lot of Chuck E Cheese! He had a great time, played all of the games, spent all of our money, and you know what! The pizza wasn't to bad either! I really expected the worst, left there really impressed.
4	Cool place to bring the kids.  We basically ate for nothing, let me explain :)Since both of my kids made it to honor roll, they get 5 bucks worth of tokens and a free personal pan pizza.  Yes we had to foot the bill for drinks, but after 4 bucks we spent a few hours here.  Pretty good deal and a great way to encourage kids to get good grades.  Dinner, games, and a family event what else could you ask for?Great customer service and in general the staff enjoy being around kids.
4	The kids get a free personal pizza and 10 tokens for making honor roll.  I think it's really nice that Peter Piper Pizza rewards our kids for good grades.  The pizza's not bad.  The service is great.  Everyone is polite and kind.  I look forward to taking them back when they make honor roll again.
4	A great place to let the kids blow off steam on days with severe heat advisories! Better pizza, games & prices than a place I will only refer to as Chucks :DGranted, the space is smaller & 90% of the tables are reserved for parties (seriously, there should be a limit on how many tables can be reserved!). If you just want to let the kids run around for a bit and eat some pizza without a party reservation, you'll want to send a scout ahead of you to find and hold a table.... not even kidding. The quality of the pizza is not what it would be at other pizza establishments geared towards adult taste buds, but this place IS geared more at entertaining your kids than it is at providing gourmet pizza. As long as the kids are happy, safe & entertained, I'll eat what they give me happily, lol! There is no mascot in costume OR 'show', but they have games for all ages, not just toddlers, so that's a plus! There are also 3 televisions set up in the dinning area & they are normally set to sports.
5	Yes! I gave Peter Piper Pizza a 5-star! I can't believe that myself.This story starts back in 1985, this is when I was going to school in Glendale. Being on a very tight budget, I could only afford the Burger King Whopper at 99 cents each and a large pizza from Piper Piper at $4.99. It got be through 2-1/2 years of school! All I could remember was how bad the pizza was. Now fast forward 29 years(wow, am i getting old). Last night we had a great opportunity to meet our foster kids for the first time! Now they could have gone anywhere, heck I was trying to get them to choose a nice restaurant. But it did not work, they wanted Peter Piper Pizza. So all four of us(wife included) went off to Piper Land, I laid down a 40 spot for a Large Pepperoni Pizza, half with Jalapeno's the seven year old likes it spicy like me! Order of hot wings(did I mentioned the 7 yr old likes it spicy like me), 4 drinks, two ice creams, and 40 tokens. Before I even sat down the six year old was out of tokens already?? So luckily the food actually came out fast, we all sat down had a great dinner. Had a chance to ask questions about each other. Then I realized something, their pizza wasn't that bad! I could not believe how good it was! I guess that 29 years of practice actually works. So overall we had an amazing night, brought back memories of our own grown kids when they were young. We will probably have many more visits here, and I don't have a problem with that any longer.
4	I am a huge fan of this location of Peter Piper Pizza. I have been coming here regularly for many years. The pizza is great and the managers and staff are extremely friendly. We have only had one negative incident with an employee...the employee was very busy and stressed and snapped at my children while they were getting their prizes. I went and talked with the manager, and she immediately apologized and went and talked to the employee. I understand that it is normal for people to have bad days and I explained that to the manager. The manager was so great with dealing with the employee and had her take a break. This experience will definitely not stop us from going there again.
4	I love peter piper! Love to bring all my grandmas boyfriends to eat and play games. I love balls
3	Great place for younger kids. It is like a mini chuckie cheese for those young aged children. Sends like thus place gets a lot of parties from looking at the spaces and tables for people to sit.  However, there is not too many games to play for the children. The food is decent tho, we got the pizza,  soda,  and cone for dessert! Not to shabby for my 2 year old niece/ god daughter.
4	Good family fun!! Great deals n food!!! The prizes for kids r cool too!! Staff is friendly n the customer service is great! We come here often, u should too!!!
