3	Stopped here the other night while in town. I can't eat dairy so this caused some problems while ordering food (which is usual anyway). I got fried mushrooms and zucchini and it was very yummy. I got the steak sandwich without cheese and it was kind of plain tasting. The bread was homemade and the steak was juicy.
4	We were visiting relatives in Wickenburg and they took us to this restaurant. We were very satisfied with our whole experience here. Great food, good service, cold beer. We will be back!
4	Needed a place to stop and eat with kids on my way to Pheonix. We got a supreme and hawaian pizza and they were great. Would probably give them 3 stars under normal circumstances but give 4 for good eats in the middle of nowhere :P.Service was good and they had accomidations for kids. PS -  The tapwater has a off flavor in this area so order a soda or bottled water (or beer).
5	In the mood for great pizza or Italian? Then check out Qorris. Dave's famous lasagna is my favorite.
3	I work in Wickenburg so the options for food are limited. I do enjoy the chicken Parmesan plate or sandwich here. The Greek salad is tasty too, but overpriced a bit. I call in my order ahead of time and its usually ready to go by the time I get there. The people are always helpful and friendly. It doesn't get more stars because I don't have much to compare it to in town, I'm a spoiled city girl who is used to a higher level of restaurant, and I've only tried a couple things so I'm not able to give a complete review with a higher rating.
4	Pretty tasty wings and good beer. They messed up our order and we were delayed a bit in getting it corrected but they made it right with some drinks. Very friendly folks. Calzones were tasty too.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped here on our way back home for some highly touted Italian food.Because we didn't want to stay for an hour, I ordered a slice of cheese pizza and he got Dave's Famous Lasagna. Both came out steaming hot- and really good. The pizza is traditional thin crust and very crispy. I liked my slice, and my boyfriend said he liked his Lasagna, which was 8$ and some cents for a really good portion and a big slice of garlic bread. The slice of pizza was 2.45$, and then we got Tiramasu  for dessert (they only have that and Cheesecake, no Cannolis :( ) which was good, but they gave it to us still partially frozen- not bad, but I would prefer it not frozen.All in all it was pretty decent meal for a fair price.
3	Good wings, nice and crispy. The pizza and other dishes were ok. Not the best and not the worst. The bar area is good for watching a football game and the service was good.
4	I got take out Mozzarella Sticks, Cheese and Pepperoni pizza. Kind staff and quick service. It's New York style pizza which I don't care for much but it was good. Most the pizza out here isn't very good but this was indeed a good pizza. They didn't go over the top on anything or not have enough of something, it was just right. Just not for me. The mozzarella sticks were good as well! Just as good as a restaurant mozzarella stick should be. Nothing special but they are tasty.
5	Love this place- family run, small town feel an food is good and plentiful. atmosphere is old school family run by an Albanian family who are really hospitable. Come here almost every time I hit Wickenburg.
5	Oh my goodness. This place is Great!!!! I have been driving through Wickenberg for 30 years and never knew of this place. See Dave! What a charming man.  Stop. Do yourself a favor and eat here. Oh my god. Couldn't be better. I love it!!!!!!!!!! Nn
5	Waitress, Linda, was really sweet.  She gave us a little background about the place, it was nice to hear about how the place came to be. The pizza was delicious. Crust was thin with a nice crunch, perfect. and toppings were flavorful. The wings were great too! Nice and crispy, we got Hot and they were traditional with a nice bite. Next time I drive through I'll make sure to have Qorris Be a guaranteed pit stop!
5	Excellent food and friendly service. My calzone was the best I've ever had. Everyone in our party of four was very pleased with their meal. Highly recommended
4	We were coming through Aguila after javelina scouting and decided to stop here to fulfill our recent craving of wings pizza and beer...and it was amazing! The wings were cooked perfect we got 10 hot and 1o bbq for our little one and both sauces were great,  pizza was delicious and the service was super friendly and gave off that "country homey" feel. We will be back again soon!! Thanks Daphne!!
4	ABSOLUTELY THE BEST PIZZA IN ARIZONA!! (And I'm from Jersy, I know good pizza) If you are ever in Wickenburg, do yourself a big favor and stop in and order a pizza & wings with a pitcher of Fat Tire beer. Tell them Neil recommended them. I also recommend the chicken parm, it is delicious!
5	Great pizza and perfect wings. Service was good. Couldn't ask for a better dinner that night. I recommend stopping if in the area.
4	ABSOLUTELY THE BEST PIZZA IN ARIZONA!! (And I'm from Jersy, I know good pizza) If you are ever in Wickenburg, do yourself a big favor and stop in and order a pizza & wings with a pitcher of Fat Tire beer. Tell them Neil recommended them. I also recommend the chicken parm, it is delicious!
