5	So last week before heading to Arizona some fellow yelpers and I were having a conversation about cheese curds. Most of us had seen "squeakers" on the foodie networks/shows or seen them at Trader Joe like places but our overall consensus was that they were virtually non existent in San Jose/ Central Coast (Santa Cruz). So imagine my surprise day one of our "Arizona UYE" trip we find Cheese Curds in Arizona at the Scottsdale Farmer's Market.... I cannot find cheese curds at my farmers markets back home... lucky bastards. So I immediately call Linda L with the exciting news and yes.. there are some Cheese Curds in our fridge which will being making the trip back home with us. They sell at select farmers markets as well as the address above. The plain cheddar was good.. the jalapeno curds were bomb!
5	Unique little store specializing in fresh dairy goods from local AZ dairies. I first heard about this store from a guy at the Roadrunner park Saturday Market giving away free sample of cheese curds.  I was in Tempe today, so I decided to stop by and grab some cheese curds.  They are great!  And, a coworker from WI gives them a thumbs up approval!  Cool place to check out.  It can be a bit hard to find, it is on the SW corner of Hardy and Broadway. You drive through a gate to the parking lot, then you'll see the store on the left. Also, CASH ONLY
5	Cheese Curds!   They have been so hard to find in AZ.    Like the Jalepeno ones too.Really good fresh milk.   Worth the stop.Bring cash, not credit or debit cards
5	This place is amazing!! They make fresh- yes I said FRESH cheese curds every week!!  Never old or frozen, they are by far the best I have found in any store in Az.  They squeek and taste soooo good! They have 2 flavors so far- plain and jalapeno which are just to die for! A must try!!! Just cheese- tastic!
5	They have them on sale for $3.99 lb!! I went in for Christmas snacks and they were fresh and on sale! They are my favorite goodie. Love this store!
5	Like other users have stated you can get Cheese Curds here. Delicious, unicorn-like freshly-made cheese curds! I've had Wisconsin cheese curds, which are basically "young" (see: not aged) cheddar. They are supposedly the world's greatest and these are right up there with them. They also sell some cheap milk and many other goodies, considering the dairy factory is right behind this place. I hope everyone in Tempe can visit this location, as some of what they have here are things that require loads of special equipment to make. Not every city has it's own specialty dairy store, you know.
5	I love coming here on Thursdays because of the fresh cheese curds.  My step-dad got me started on them when I was young and the fact I can get them in Arizona is apart of the reason why I am giving them 5 stars.  When they get different flavors and the yellow cheese curds ill be even more excited. For some bizarre reason I have had to turn down the power when I put them through the microwave because it was popping and making weird flashes if it had the microwave on the regular 10 power level.  The customer service here is always absolutely awesome. I always tend to chit chat with the same lady I always see here.  My step dad makes me go pick up the fresh cheese curds Thursday and then bring them up on the weekend to flagstaff for him when I decide to make a trip. That is how good these are, my step-dad will settle for these since this is the closest cheese curds he can get to Wisconsin curds we are used too.The cheddar cheese is awesome and so is the fresh milk. So Good!!!
2	A store that specializes in cheese curds doesn't have any? Well, they had bags of jalapeno cheese curds ($5.99 and less), but regular cheese curds were non-existent. Apparently, I need to return on Thursday's when cheese curd production is higher and they fill all their Costco orders or some explanation similiar.    There is a giant cheese/milk production facility right behind your store and you can't make some more curds or make some more cheese that makes more curds available. This is basically a waste of a store. It seems to serve as a sort of a Circle K for the white coated and masked milk employees milling around at the corner of Hardy and Broadway. Ended up buying $2 worth of jalapeno curds, but they could do alot more with this place than serve grab and go crap like a convenience store.
4	A little convenience store built into the front of the dairy processing plant owned by the Arizona Dairy Association on Broadway. I stop in on the way home and they have great prices on fresh milk and eggs, great pepperjack cheese, made at the plant and, when they have it cut and packaged, the European butter is to die  for so I hope that returns in the next few weeks. I've never gone on Thursday for fresh cheese curds but the lady at the register says it was worth a visit to get them fresh. Oh, and if you brew beer, easy place to stop by and pick up a few gallons of purified water because if you are going to eat some cheese, especially fresh cheese curds, you need to have some homemade beer to go with it, just sayin'
5	i love the cheese curds.  awesome.
