5	A salon, a cafe, a 'spa', fashion boutique, and makeup bar, all in 1 unique new retail concept. Very cool, cutting edge fashion designs. Luv the Starbuck's cafe inside a clothing store. (How many times have you been sitting, getting your hair done, and so wishing for a latte? - now, if we can just get them to serve wine as well...... that would totally rawk !) I will definitely go back to have a gel mani & pedi - all the array of glitter is beckoning to me! I am so loving the whole Scottsdale Quarter, the fantastic feel of the great architecture, the resort-like feel with the fountains & towering palms, and lighting effects at nite. Seems to be a new store or restaurant every week, with more on the way!
4	Scottsdale Quarter has come a long way since my last visit a few months back... there are now a ton of cute shops and restaurants open and more coming soon.  On my recent visit, I stopped by Deegie's Carma and was super impressed.  What a cute shop!  I love that they have a little cafe in the shop (as well as a salon).  In my opinion, everything was a bit on the pricey side, but that didn't stop me from purchasing a drink from the cafe and a bohemian type top from the boutique.  I can't wait to wear it when it warms up again.Deegie's Carma is located in a prime spot in my opinion... right by True Food Kitchen, Lululemon, the restroom, and the fountain.  Everything I need is right there!The girls working at DC were friendly and attentive but not pushy at all... they made my shopping experience there pleasurable.  I'd definitely return to look around next time I'm in the area.
3	Stopped in a few times as it's got a convenient location to my office while in the Scottsdale Quarter neighborhood.  It's always been eerily empty.  It's a mixed bag: boutique, salon, spa, coffee shop, and who knows what else.  Not a bad concept but the execution all feels kind of half-baked:  The clothes are trendy but look cheap compared to the price tags.  Also, I've had manicures and pedicures for much less  with better results elsewhere.  They'd be better if they lowered their prices or are able to offer higher-quality services and products.Despite friendly staff this place doesn't give me a reason to go out of my way for a visit.
4	Yay for Groupon combo package!!! facial, mani/pedi, wash&blowdry = $50!!!this was my first time at the newly opened Deegies Carma and I will admit that I am a picky consumer when it comes to pampering!!!so...how did they do?facial = AMAZING!!! 5 Star!!! relaxing, not rushed, heated bed, tailored for my skin. Ive made another appt for my next facial.mani/pedi = Meh...take it or leave it. Not sure what the regular price was, but I would probably not get this service again. I get a mani/pedi 2 or 3 times per month, I love my feet - yes I am picky!! So the mani/pedi, not great, not a great massage, nail shaping, etc. Not horrible, Ive just had much much better.wash&blowdry = good, regular. Hard to evaluate a stylist's skills based on a wash/blowdry, the only stylist there did fine. She did comment that my hair was incredibly thick (it is), more so than most hair she has done. Based on this comment, Im not confident she could cut my hair. O well, a quick straighten and wash is always welcome.Overall = go for the facial, stay for the boutique, grab a cappuccino & have a good time!!
4	I also got the GroupOn deal - $50 for a facial, manicure, pedicure and shampoo/blow dry.  Overall, I was pleased with the results and the look of the salon.  It really is a great deal for everything you receive in return.As one of the previous reviewers mentioned, the facial was amazing.  Not rushed, tailored the treatment to my skin type and gave a great massage to my neck and head as well.  Highly recommend Danielle!Fantastic!The pedicure and manicure were average.  Could have spent more time exfoliating the feet and massaging the hands and feet.  The technician mentioned that when you offer a special deal "most people aren't going to come back to get a manicure and pedicure because you can get that done anywhere."  Well this is true, ONLY if you don't go above and beyond what everyone does.  For example, my regular nail tech spends an 1 hour and 15 minutes on my hands and feet and charges $35.  The nail tech at Deegie's Carma only spent 45 minutes (also admitting she was done early) and charged $60.  She did a good job, but not an AMAZING job.  To entice more clients, I would encourage her to spend more time on massage, perhaps add a sugar scrub (even if its only $5 extra) and get different pedicure bowls instead of kitchen sinks which don't bubble.  The stylist who washed and styled my hair did a nice job.  Took her time and did what I asked.  Like Lacey mentioned, hard to judge someone by just a shampoo and style, but she seemed competent and was very nice.  I love my current stylist, so I wouldn't change, but for the price and what she did, I was satisfied.Overall, I felt the staff was pleasant  and I really like the concept.  I do hope it does well--rumor has it that the owner lost his shirt on this GroupOn deal and doesn't pay his bills, so we will see if Deegie's Carma lasts till the summer.  If I lived closer, I would definitely stop in again.
1	If there was less than 1 star i would give it.  I had a Groupon for a mani/pedi, facial, and a blow out for $50 and felt ripped off.I upgraded to a Gel manicure which lasted 3 days! (less than a regular manicure)  Pedi was average, facial was very superficial, and the blow out was a joke.  I said I wear my heThe facility is new and hip but filled with cheap fixtures.  Pedicure area is one long bench with 3 metal sinks.  You have to slouch or sit straight up since the bench doesnt recline.  I waited a month for my appointment because they said they were swamped.  I think the "swamped" comment is a marketing ploy. The space is huge, and was uncomfortably empty.Save your money!
4	I purchased the Deegie's Carma Groupon back in January and finally went in for my service (April was the soonest I could get in).  The Groupon included a facial, mani/pedi and a hair blowout for $50 - can't beat that!The facial was wonderful!  I really enjoyed it, my skin felt so clean and fresh. You better believe I will be back for another one.The mani/pedi was OK, nothing special.  There was a little bit of confusion with the mani/pedi portion of my appointment.  The nail tech had another client booked so one of the hair stylists filled in for her.  No big deal, appointment mix-ups happen.  There is a chance the mani/pedi would have been better if the nail tech did it.  However I was happy that they instantly came up with a solution to the appointment conflict.The hair blowout was OK, to be honest I couldn't really tell the difference - my hair looked the exact same.  Actually...there was one difference in my hair after the blowout - major static!  The store had a salon, boutique and a cafe - interesting concept I've never seen before - I liked it!  Overall, I give DC four stars.
1	Like most others who have reviewed this place I went because of my Groupon. I will not be returning except to maybe check out the clothes.The facial originally cost about $80 but only lasted 30 minutes. It was like getting my face washed with a little shoulder massage. The mani and pedi were the worst I've ever had. The pedi stations are super uncomfortable, its just a long bench (hard to reach the sink, no massage). The manicure consisted of filing and painting my nails, NOTHING more. The mani peeled off the next day and the pedi in about 5.The blowout was pretty average, nothing different than what i could have done. I felt obligated to tip on the full prices (which is always the rule with a Groupon) but i was not happy about it!
5	The best manicure I have had in a long time!  Choose the darling and talented, Amparo!   She gave me the best massage with the pedi and suggested a lightly buffed clear cover for my mani - it lasted the week just fading but not peeling - perfect for the simple, natural nails that I prefer.With my $50 Groupon I also received a fabulous facial and blow out.  You will love their kind, knowledgable and talented staff.
1	Well at least I'm not the only one!  Back in January a friend and I purchase the Deegie's Carma groupon which was $50 for a facial,manicure,pedicure and blowout.  Well my experience today wasn't even worth the $50 (plus the tip I had to give)I paid for the groupon.  My friend and I made our appts about 3 months ago (today June 18th) because weekends were already full up until now.  We arrived to the appt and were told that we would not be able to get out blowout because the "girl"who does them called in sick but that we could come back another day to get it.??  My friend started with the facial and I with the pedicure/manicure.  There were only 2 people working on a Saturday??  Per the groupon the facial was valued at $85 which on their brochure is a 60 minute facial. Both of our facials were exactly 45 minutes long.The girl that did my pedicure informed me that she is actually a hair stylist but since the person who does the pedicures called in sick she will be doing it and that she will do her best.  She is telling me this as she is fumbling around looking for the things she needs to do a pedicure.  Well the only thing she could find was some cotton balls and a stick to push cuticles back oh and a file.  No clippers No cuticle cutters No nail buffer. So I'm thinking  Wow this is going to be interesting. So she filed my toenails, squirted some stuff on the cuticles put some lotion on my feet and painted my nails.  This is not the kind of pedicure I would have expected at a salon. Now onto the manicure.  She starts looking around for tools again as I tell her that my nails need cut.  She finally finds some clippers---cuts my nails, files them and paints them!  No soaking No cutting cuticles No buffing No hand massage.   Even the $10 manicures at all the walk in places do all the other stuff. Do people really pay $25 at Deegie Carmas for that kind of a manicure-I hope not.I then step into my 45 min facial (that supposedly costs $85!!!)  When we left there was no mention of us calling or coming back for the blowout and at the point both of us knew we were never going back to Deegie Carmas.  Both girls were very nice but all that really didn't help us for what we went for.  Where was the manager to rectify this situation!!If Deegie Carmas was not ready to perform per the groupon that they decided to take part in then they should not have done so.
2	Not good I bought a groupon and I booked months in advance to get me and my girlfriend in. We show up at our time and the only had one person to help us since the other lady had was late due to the 101  freeway be shut down. Anyways, she started my pedi while my friend watched. The other lady didn't show up untill after my pedi/mani and during my friends pedi. The pedi and mani was not very good  no massage chairs and really no massage it was more of a paint change and some little exfolation. The lady that gave my pedi/mani was very sweet and I don't think she specializes pedi/mani. During my friends pedi we were told that we would have to come back for the hair blow out another day. I don't really understand since that was part of the groupon deal and we were the only people in. What is the point of making appoinment if you can't do the whole thing? The other lady finally should up and it was time for the facial. She was really good but the facial was for an hour and it last more like 30 min. She did fix my nails which was nice and did offer to wash my hair but I was so pissed that it was a lackluster pampering why bother. I don't plan on going back and next time before I jump to buy a groupon I'll be checking the reviews on yelp. Two stars goes the the workers since they were nice but should find a real salon to work at.
3	went back to deegies for a facial - the original esthetician, danielle, was not working there any longer. the new esthetician was good, not great and quite frankly for $85 i expect a more spa-like atmosphere. I bought a purse, on sale, but everything is incredibly overpriced, even for a boutique.the weirdest thing about the whole experience was that when i paid, there was no place to leave a tip!! really?? at a 'salon'??? hmmm
1	They are CLOSED for business! I made the "paid" appointment b/c I had a groupon purchased back in January. Scheduled an appointment 2 months in advance to go in this week and received no notice that they were closed. Drove all the way to N. Scottsdale, and was told by a neighboring retailer they have been closed for 2+weeks.  The retailer said he had seen several clients coming in only to find out they are closed!! No information on their website or facebook.  If you're not going to call and cancel appointments, atleast post it on social media/website.
1	Two friends and I purchased the $50 coupon off of Doozy of a Deal that included the mani/pedi/facial/blowdry combo.  We called in August to schedule appointments and weren't able to get three together until today.  None of us received a reminder phone call, which we found to be odd, but once we got there we found out why...the place was closed!  Disappointing to say the least, we're now working on getting our money back from the coupon company.  Boo on you Deegie, that's some crappy Carma!
