5	these guys are awesome. i came in with shattered glass on the front and back of my iphone and the fixed it no problem. it only took about 20 min too...  way better deal then having to get bent over by verizon. hopefully i dont break my glass again, but if i do they will most certainly be where i come
4	We got a phone fixed by these guys over the weekend, and there was an issue that came up the next day with the repair. They were very cool over the phone and said to absolutely bring it back in and they would fix the issue. They were really busy that day as the flu epidemic got ahold of a few of their techs so they were a bit backed up. They told me it would take about an hour and would call me as soon as it was finish. No problem, I needed to run some errand int he area anyway. However after about an hour and a half with no call I went back in to check on the status. I guess the phone had been done for almost 30 minutes and no one called me. A bit irritating, but they fixed the issue and even put a new screen protector on it. They need to work on the service time, but over all great work, than you!
5	Fast honest professional group!  Fixed screen in under an hour!
5	Not only was this a fast fix, but it was half the price of my phone insurance deductible! Got my screen fixed in way less than an hour and the staff is super friendly.
2	My phone had fallen out of my pocket and the screen shattered.  I brought it here to get it fixed.  The young man working was very pleasant/knowledgable and informed me they didn't have the part I needed in stock.  He called the Tempe location and they had it on hand.  He gave me their card and told me how to get there.  I called the Tempe store the next day to make sure they still had the part, and they did.  They offered to ship it to the Phoenix store to save me from driving and took my name and number down just in case anything popped up and they needed to reach me.  A few days later, I called the Phoenix store and spoke with someone about the part.  He informed me that he didn't receive the part from Tempe and that the other store hadn't told him they were shipping anything.  He took my name and number down.  He said he would call to see what the issue was and would call me back.  This was two weeks ago and I have YET to receive a call from EITHER location.  I finally just ordered a new stupid phone from Sprint.  Highly irritating.  The reason I went to this place first was so I wouldn't have to transfer all of my info on my phone and have to re-set email up and whatnot.  The only reason I gave them two stars is because I am feeling generous and they are great at being friendly.  They really deserve zero stars for failing to follow through and actually do what their business is supposed to: fix broken phones. Major fail, I will never try them out for anything again.
5	I'm on a road trip and had only one day left in this city when my HTC Evo screen shattered. Needed a fix and fast or I was going to have to buy a new phone. Was directed here by Sprint store nearby and thank goodness. Looked at it and had it fixed in 2 hours. Good as new for $65. I've loved this phone so it was worth it. Would definitely recommend. They do screens for all kinds of tech.
5	Very efficient and friendly service! Nice professionals to work with! Hope you can open another store in north Scottsdale. Thanks!
5	Great , fast service.  They were very helpful in explaining what they were going to do and what it would cost.  The store is neat and clean, and there are comfortable chairs to sit in while you wait.  Hopefully I won't break my phone again, but if I do, I will definitely come back here.
5	My first time here was great, especially being in town on a trip. The guys working here are super nice and professional and the service was fast and easy. I was more then happy with the outcome of my phone and I'll definitely be recommending this store to my friends.
5	iPhone 5 screen - Quick and helpful service.
5	I was 2 seconds away from a nervous breakdown when my Iphone back fell off. I  saw the shop and decided to take a chance that I wouldn't be charged 2 million dollars to replace it. I was so surprised and impressed with how reasonable the prices were and how quickly my repair was completed. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants quality repair work at an excellent price.
5	Took my iphone to this store at 1PM on a sunday, in a panic, because I'm going out of town and need my phone!  The speaker on the phone went on the brink, and I had no sound to tell when calls or text messages would come in. They were able to fix it for me before the close of business day at 5PM...EXCELLENT customer service, and they sure did help me out when I was in a pinch.  I'd recommend them to ANYONE who has an apple product and needs to have it repaired, at a fair price, and quick service. My phone was as good as new. This place is to customer service as what the Ritz is to hotels. It's REALLY nice to have them close by!  Thank you Rob and Chris!!
5	AWESOME!  M had to get my old phone jailbroke so she can use it with she company.  The techie guy looked a the phone and went to the back.  WHOA! 15 mins he was done.  It was all set up to the current phone company and everything....  Like magic!
5	These folks are amazing--my iphone died unceremoniously, and both Verizon and Apple 'geniuses' told me it was kaput for good. not only would i need to fork over money for a new phone, but my plan would change and goodby to unlimited data (plus the privilege of paying 30 bucks more for less service).  In a last-ditch attempt to subvert this damage to my wallet, i tried Ubreakifix. Lo and behold, an hour later they emailed me that they fixed the iphone! And all for $30! Now i can keep my longstanding unlimited data contract and avoid purchase of new phone.The moral: don't believe your phone provider or seller when they tell you your phone has died. Get Ubreakifix to take a look at it--chances are they'll raise it back up from the dead for $30 bucks. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!
5	took my EXTREMELY cracked iphone to these guys. They had it done in just under 2 hours and did an awesome job. YAY I can see again.  Would definitely recommend their services. They also give you a 90 day warranty as well all for just under a $100 with taxes. Plus for giving a review on Yelp they put a free screen protector on it as well and no they didn't ask for a good review I just mentioned I found them on Yelp :)
5	They SAVED the precious photos and videos from my new iPhone5 that I accidentally went into the swimming pool with.  Very honest, efficient and effective.  Hopefully I'll never need to use them again, but good to know they are here just in case.  If you ever water damage your phone bring it in right away, skip the rice bag!!
5	Definitely recommend coming here for your fixes on your I phone or computer.  My phone cracked , or shattered and verizon insurance wanted 170 to fix and this company only charged me for my iphone 4s only 90 dollars.  They were very professional and very quick service. My phone was ready in like 30 minutes. Very impressed and will be telling all my friends.
5	I dropped my iPhone 4S and the screen shattered. I took it here and they fixed it within 2 hours for $86--exactly as they quoted me. If I shatter my screen again, I would go back.
5	Fantastic experience.  They were incredibly friendly and competent.  New screen is awesome.
5	These are the right guys to bring your broken PS3 to. I took my PS3 to them and they had it fixed and ready for pick up the next day. They said if they weren't able to fix it they could at least get my disc out of the console which was good to know. But thankfully everything is working now and my PS3 is back in business. If I ever have any problems with my PS3 or other electronics in the future I'll definitely take it to these guys.
5	Great place to get your phone fixed aka cracked screen!  Recommended a great laptop too!  Five stars!
4	I'll start this review by divulging this shocking fact: I don't use iPhone covers.  I don't like the way they feel, I don't like how they mess with the camera flash, and I don't like my phone being any bigger than it already is.  I say "shocking" because while I, personally, don't think this is that weird, people for some reason act like I am jeopardizing the life of a newborn baby when they see my naked phone. I promise, people, I will use car seats.Obviously, this preference may come with some collateral damage.  However, not as much as you'd probably think.  I've actually only cracked a screen once, and the result of that is this review.  I've definitely dropped my phone way more often than that, on all kinds of hard surfaces, and it's come up fine. But apparently this last one was the drop that broke the camels back because when I picked that sucker up after dropping it on my wooden kitchen floor, I was the one who was shocked.The next day I called the Apple Store.  Since my phone was a 4S, and not a 5, they said they couldn't replace the screen. Something about a uni-something body design. I could buy a new 4s for $199 or, if I qualify for an upgrade I can get a 5S.  I don't use my upgrades if the phone I'm upgrading to has been on the market for more than a couple months (and I try not to use my upgrades on S versions) so that was a no go.  Plus the 5's dainty little body design makes me feel like I might have to use a case with it, which I'm not excited about.  So I started looking for someone who COULD repair it, and UBreakIFix came up. I called and they said they could do it, and before 5 that day, which was awesome news.I dropped my phone off around 1:30 and was surprised at how nice the place was.  For some reason I was expecting a cramped, cluttered office with pieces everywhere, like a chop shop for phones, but the place was sleek, modern, and clean.  I felt very comfortable leaving my phone there, and I gave them my boyfriend's number to call me when it was done.The work was solid 5 stars.  The phone came back good as new for $79.99 which is a steal considering apple wanted me to buy a new phone. The only thing I would say was lacking was the communication.  Since I was under the impression that they closed at 5, when 4:30 rolled around I started to get concerned.  What if he wasn't done by 5? Does he go home for the night and work on it again tomorrow? Does he stay late? Should I wait up after 5 passes? Should I be annoying and check on it? Obviously, I went with the last option and popped my head in, figuring if he's not done yet, I'll have a glass of wine at the Duck next door and wait.  He still wasn't done, but said he'd call when he was, before 5.   I'll pretty much take any excuse to drink at the Duck, so that was perfectly fine.  Then 5:05 rolls around.  I'm still not sure the uBreakiFix policy on staying late, so I call to see what's up. He is staying late, he's finishing my phone, and he'll call when he's done. I think he called at about 5:15, which isn't a long time really at all, considering how busy he seemed, I just wish I knew that "or a little after 5" was also an option from the beginning, or I wouldn't have freaked out so much as we were getting to closing time.All-in-all though, I'd definitely recommend this place for psychos like me who don't use covers on their iPhones, or anyone who appreciates quality repair work  from a company that sounds like it was named by the guy who wrote "Gangnam Style".
5	Awesome customer service. Quick yet detailed repair in just 15 mins. Would highly recommend to anyone in need of affordable iPhone screen repair.
4	I am borrowing a friend's old iPhone with a smashed screen and they repaired it within 24 hours. I felt the service was sort of expensive ($80 for a new screen), but seemed comparable for the area after I started price checking. Plus, $80 is cheaper than any new phone when I'm not up for an upgrade on my plan for a few more months. Overall, the staff is very helpful here. The phone is working without any problems and I've been using it with the new screen for a week now.
5	I have had one iPad screen and two iPhones repaired here. One had the speaker go out and the other the screen go black.  They were able to fix all three quickly (usually about an hour) and at a great price.  The Apple Store would have been double and they just give you a refurbished unit not your own back!  I highly recommend them and have had co-workers use them for their problems with great results too.   Thank you so much for the wonderful and quick service.  I will never go anyplace else!Suzie
5	They did a great job on my front screen repair! Comes with a 90-day guarantee and was super friendly and professional.
5	Brendon said my phone was worst he's seen but was able to fix!!!! Great service, very fast, and super friendly!!!
5	My laptop was stuck in an update mode and not functional.  The staff at Ubreak was excellent.  They told me exactly what was needed to be done and how long it would take.  Their timeframe for repair was spot on and their price was 30 % lower than nearby competitor.  Cant say enough about the knowledgeable, professional, and very friendly staff, they were a pleasure to deal with.  I will certainly use this store again for any future repairs.   Well done Ubreak !!
5	Both my husband and I have had our iPhones repaired here and they have consistently been professional and quick.  There was no sales pressure and the technician was friendly and responsive to any questions I had.  I'd highly recommend the camelback location and we will be back (hopefully not too soon). :).
5	5 Stars for Fast & Friendly customer service. Your immediately greeted when you walk through the door. My extremely cracked cell phone was fixed for less than $20.00 in no more than 15 mins. The great thing is it comes with a 90-day guarantee. I have yet to find a better deal in town. It is a small shop in the Sports Authority shopping center. They have seating with a big screen TV while you wait. Along with a vintage arcade game. The clean store has items for sale to protect your phone.
5	My boy's xbox would not start up properly.  Turns out it was only dusty.  He cleaned it and charged me nothing.  Most would tell you it needed some expensive part and you  would not know any different.  An honest person, how rare!
5	Excellent customer service. Brendon provided great service. Very personable!Would definitely recommend this place. Very efficient
5	Service was quick, friendly and easy!  Great location if you live in the Central Phoenix area.  Fair and honest prices.
5	Excellent customer service. Had a small problem with headphone jack. They fixed for free in a few minutes. Will definitely come back.
5	I have used Ubreakifix Iphone Repair for several different technological emergencies- from cracked Phones to entire operating system updates and memory upgrades... and the service is ALWAYS five star! I love the later hours and the personal service. They call if there is any question and charge fair for the amount of work. I will only use Ubreakifix Iphone Repair Communications for computer or phone issues!
4	Phone wasn't turning on  turned out it was a bad battery. I was in and out in about 20 minutes. Fast service and reasonably priced.
5	I'm the kind of person who can't live without their iphone. When I dropped it on the floor and saw the window cracked I thought my days were over. Luckily these guys were very nice and helped out big time, I did not expect they'll fix it on the spot and for such a small price ($20).
5	Thanks guys, you saved my clueless parents from investing in another upgrade and high tech "phone" they don't ever use. What ever happened to the basic cell phone?Anyway, we needed a new battery for Mom's iPhone, and the sweet tech at the carrier store recommended we drive down Camelback to Youbreakwefix store...Are you serious? That's the name of the store? (Well, close enough)Great tip Melisa, thank you so much! AT&T don't replace batteries, they sell personal communication devices, but these guys fix 'em!! Nice job.My peeps are happy they get to keep the old phone, and Mom gets to keep her NASCAR M&M phone cover (She loves Kyle!), and might even learn how to text me, for now the new battery she got at Ubreakifix will keep it charged more than 30 minutes...Yay!
