1	Would not recommend by any means possible. First of all I was told they would be there between 8-12. Got my phone call at 11:55 to say he would be there in 30 min. They said he was held up at last job. More of a heads up would have been nice. Second he was not personable at all. Third he left his dirty feet prints all over my truck that I spent over $100 dollars to have detailed the day before. Last he did not even clean the windshield good after installing it. It has streak marks water marks and his FULL hand print. Come on people you deal in glass. I would think you would know how to leave it looking brand new. Go elsewhere people.
1	I was at a car wash place when this guy from this company asked if he could repair my chipped windshield. Having complete coverage I told him sure. He "filled" the chip and told me they guarantee their work and if the chip were to grow, they would replace my windshield. A couple weeks later I go to the same car wash and another guy approaches me about my chipped windshield. I told him not to bother because I had just had it repaired not too long ago. He flat out told me it didn't look like it had been properly filled. Fast forward one week later and my chip has now grown in to a 5 inch crack. I didn't bother to call this company to come back out and fix my windshield because of their shotty work the first time around. Instead I went with Safelite.
1	These knuckle dragging sub-humans like to call you after you're dumb enough to use their service every month or so for years after. Even if you tell them to take you off their call list, they obviously don't and you will receive calls indefinitely. There are lots of other options out there with any kind of decent business practices. Stay away if you're smart.
1	Company calls me nonstop after I've requested to be removed from their list. Sales associates are rude and call several times in a row on purpose. When I've asked for them not to call,  they then ask what time I would like my appointment for- just to be a smart ass. Would NEVER do business with them.
5	My representative at the auto glass center, Dovid, was super helpful. We spent less than ten minutes talking on the phone and it was hassle free with my insurance company. He was able to accommodate my busy schedule and send his glass installer out to my vehicle when it was convenient to me. Dovid said that the installer would come by anytime between 12 and 3 and the guy came out at 12:00 on the dot. Kudos to the whole team on a job well done! I'm looking forward to seeing my movie!
