1	I took my cat in because he was obviously sick from something and they have a free exam for new clients. The veterinarian performed the exam and then explained to me that she thought it may be possible that he had swallowed a string, which was blocking his intestines. After attempting multiple times to convince me to pay for all the x-rays and possibly surgery, I ended up only purchasing the fluid shots because he hadn't been eating.    Before leaving, she tried to scare me into it one more time by saying that if he did not improve, that I should consider euthanasia. This offended me EXTREMELY considering that she had no idea what exactly was wrong, and that all she wanted was for me to hear that and decide to spend more money. I will never, no matter what, return to Val Vista Animal Hospital based solely on this experience.   Also, my cat is now perfectly healthy and needed no medical attention whatsoever.
2	I've taken both my dogs and cats to Val Vista in the past for vaccinations and the occasional health issue. My most recent visit was due to my dog being sick for a few days. She wasn't eating, drinking a little, vomiting, lethargic and some diarrhea. By Monday I thought it was time to get her in for an examination.The doctor examined her and said it was possible she ate something like a rock or a piece of metal that could be lodged in her digestive track. I was fairly convinced this wasn't the case, that she just wasn't feeling well. The vet developed a treatment plan with estimated costs. I nearly had a heart attack at the $700 estimate. I asked the vet tech if we could just try some medication and she was insistent that it was necessary to at least do the x-ray to ensure there wasn't anything trapped in her system. At this point, I was pretty scared and decided to proceed. Much to my relief, her insides were all good, which I kind of figured. The Vet gave me medicine and fluids for the dog. The total cost was $300.In retrospect, I can't help feeling/thinking that they played on my fears and kind of took advantage of me. Certainly trying medicine first is a general good way to go. I mean, my doctor prescribes medicine to see if a condition improves and if not, we go a different road. Not sure why the vet couldn't have done that here.I know my dog and know what she will swallow and what she won't. They on the other hand do not and should probably consider that the owners are not complete idiots, we do know our animals. In the future, I will advocate for the treatment I feel is the best way for my dogs.At this juncture, I'm really hesitant to return.
4	Yelp is a very frustrating site to me. I'm sure my review will be pulled or "filtered" as soon as it's submitted due to their "filtering" process. (I'm a business owner myself and I can tell you they love leaving up the negative reviews and 99% of the time filter out my authentic 5-Star Reviews. Anyways, it's disappointing to read some poor reviews from people and not see the better ones dues to the "filter". My husband and I have been using Val Vista Animal Hospital for over 5 years now and have had great experiences with them and the staff. The facility is CLEAN (I've "shopped" other vets....trust me this is hard to find), the staff is friendly and the care the animals receive is top-notch. The only reason I wouldn't give them 5 Stars are the prices are definitely inflated (something else I've seen while shopping around), however you do pay for what you get, and the care is quality. I just wish their general prices were a bit more affordable.
5	Wonderful!  I couldn't be more pleased with the care that both my cats and dog have received.  Everyone we have come in contact with from the moment we walk in door has been courteous, genuine and you can tell that they love their job and are a true team!  We initially saw Dr. Keenan with one of our cats and I was blown away and excited to have found a vet we liked so much so when I had to take our dog in last minute I was bummed she wouldn't be there... we saw Dr. Longoni and love him just as much!  We have tried out a few vets in the area before we found one that we really trusted our sweet furbabies with!  We were lucky to have found them and the reason we stumbled upon them was their Saturday afternoon hours which not many vets typically have available!  Everyone in their office is friendly and they are always quick to get you into a room which is very nice.  Both vets are genuine and take the time to answer your questions and take the time to break it down your options so that you are comforted when you are worried about your precious furbabies.  We have already been recommending them to our friends and people in the neighborhood and we will continue to do so!  Couldn't be more pleased!  - Kelly & Nate
2	Complete snobby attitude. Got our puppy from the pound and decided since we live right across the street to give them a shot. The girl was rude and discourteous. Blonde girl. Said they were overbooked when there was no sign of life anywhere in the clinic or out in the parking lot. I'll keep my business elsewhere.
1	TURNED AWAY MY INJURED DOG WHO WAS VISIBLY BLEEDING AT 5:40 PM BECAUSE IT WAS TOO CLOSE TO CLOSING TIME!!  I walked in with my bleeding dog in hand at approximately 5:40 and was told by a young girl at the front desk hat she did not know if they would see my dog since it was so close to closing time; but before she walked away she mentioned that if they did see my dog there would be an emergency fee attached to the service.  Not one did she ask about the well being of my animal or why she was bleeding from her chest!  I let her know that I could care less about the money (I was not in my usual work attire so I am sure they thought the could deter me by saying it was going to be expensive!)  About a minute later someone else came out and said that it was best to take my dog to the animal hospital because she may need surgery. . . . Not once did she look at my dog, assess the would, or care long enough to hear what happened to her. . . Keep in mind at this point my hands are covered in my dog's blood.  She came out to tell me to take her somewhere else we all want to go home even though the sign on the door says we are open tip 6 PM.  I mentioned that I knew she was brushing me off that what she was doing was wrong (another patron in the waiting room was shaking her head in agreement with me when this happened) and walked out of the clinic to rush my dog to the emergency room.  At the hospital the wound was washed and it was clear that it was superficial and nothing to worry about; no x ray needed, no surgery,  nothing out of the ordinary; any vet could have determined that.   I am strongly encouraging all of my neighbors in Sonoma Ranch to not use this clinic; no compassion at all and not to mention terrible business ethics.  What if my dog didn't have 15 extra minutes to live?  I brought her there since it was closest and like any parent we love and worry about these animals.  This experience was so strong that I started this account and will continue to send my story to any media that will listen in an attempt to influence change. . . . . Without change someone might lose their best friend to this place.
1	I will not recommend this vet. It is here to take your money. There are worse veterinary clinics than this one such as Arizona Veterinary Specialists. Their prices are lower. However when your vet needs emergency, one of ours did, you expect Your vet to take over when they are open. This is especially true, when the emergency vet (AVS) is charging thousands of dollars just for an IV drip and specialized (Level X) care. This care happens to be a metal fence in a backroom. Think carefully before you use them. I'd suggest using low cost vet and making sure that you keep animals healthy by regular dental cleaning and shots.
4	I have always been very pleased with this vet.  I have been taking my 1st dog Bubba Gump to them since I've had him.  I got a 2nd dog Chico and took him in for the first time today, everything went great, he had a broke toenail and they fixed him up, put in a microchip and did his heartworm.  My only complaint is I asked about a 20% coupon for first visit on all new clients.  This coupon was rejected since I've been there before.  Personally I would think my PET was the new client and the coupon would have applied.  I don't go to the bet for me, it's for my pets hence he was a new client.  Would have been nice to save the money on the $354 bill.  Otherwise I have no complaints.
5	I have always had a wonderful experience here at Val Vista Veterinary.  I have 5 rescue/adopted cats which are always in need of something. From scheduling with Kristin (even tho her mama spelled it wrong) to meeting with one of the very compassionate techs (Milo peed in the crate...) our tech helped clean him up and rinsed the crate as well... then off to the Dr"s.  I haven't seen them all, but the ones I have are briliant.  I have one cat who really needs some oral surgery but he's not been well enough to take it.  I have never been "urged", pushed or frightened into making a decision about my cats health.  I'm a bit offended reading some of the reviews here that claim the vets are fear mongoring.  No, they give you options and possible treatment plans in accordance wit the way your animal is behaving. If one reccomends an x-ray its because its the best way to determine the next steps. We never try to medicate our children unnecessarily... Why would you do it to your animal baby?  MANY vets out there are not interested in your animals... Val Vista Veterinary show they care by calling and checking in to see how your pets are doing after a procedure, not even my own Dr. does that! Keep up the wonderful work! We'll keep recommending you AND coming back!
5	I have always had a great experiences here especially with Dr. Little. I've been coming here for 10 years {since we moved to the valley} Dr Little has always been very caring and understanding. She has always given us estimates of work that is needed and even gave us a list of what she would do first so we could better budget when our dog became ill. She seems to truly understand that our dog is a member of our family.I would also like to add that all of the support staff {office and techs}have also been very friendly and caring during our visits. I would hate to have to take my beloved dog anywhere else.
1	I will try to be short.  I was in AZ on vacation and brought in my small dog before my return to VA because she had anxiety on airplanes and she needed some medication for it.  What should have been an exam + medication fee (maybe $60-$70 total?) ended up costing me $200-$300.  This is because several things (such as vaccines, even though she was up-to-date on them) were administered to my dog AFTER I refused them.  Furthermore, after giving my dog the rabies vaccine (which I refused, because she was already current on her vaccines), this practice submitted paperwork to Maricopa county, telling them that my animal was vaccinated in the area.  This caused the county to come after me and demand licensing fees + late fees because they were alleging that my dog was X years old and I had never licensed her in their jurisdiction.  I had to then go through the hassle of proving to Maricopa that I was NOT a resident of the county and that my dog was already licensed in VA.   It was my fault for paying for the services that I refused - I should not have done that.  It is also my fault for not putting up a serious stink when those services were performed despite my clear "NO THANK YOU, HER VACCINES ARE UP-TO-DATE."  I have learned my lesson.  We have since moved to the area and I can tell you that we will not ever return to this practice.
5	Great place, first time with our new puppy.  Lisa and the staff where just brilliant - made Arthur feel safe and secure.  Good job!
