1	My latest experience with MK your dog is not safe here. This weekend we decided to board our puppy (Tank 10mos old) on Sat night. When my boyfriend, Pat went to drop him off he was placed into a kennel next to another lab. As he was standing in front of the other dogs kennel he growled at him & showed his teeth. Pat asked if he was safe to be around other dogs after seeing the dog get aggressive towards him for just standing there. Arlene insisted he was and then scolded the dog. So we left our puppy trusting them with his safety. Sunday I went to pick him up and was told by Arlene again, that there was a little problem. Apparently when she was trying to feed the dogs (who were all out of their kennels, which makes no sense) Tank was licking that same aggressive dog's face when he bit him, leaving a 1" long tear in his ear! She then tried to blame it on my puppy b/c he was in the other dogs face. When we got to Tank's kennel he was still next to the dog that attacked him and was bleeding everywhere. She made no attempt to clean the wound or to pick up the phone to let us know what had happened. The fact that she takes no responsibility for the attack happening while these dogs were under her care is despicable. We are constantly getting complement over Tank & how well behaved he is, and we WERE referring people to you guys. Our puppy is well socialized and listens to other dogs by a simple growl or warning bark. There was no need for blood!
5	I haven't used the boarding, but I can speak on behalf of their training. "Greg's way" of training is remarkable. I have my rescue golden lab in his training classes and have nothing but great things to say about the quality of training. I have used the pet store training with a previous dog, and that was ok. The training we're getting at Master Kennels is awesome. It's a fun environment and I've had 2 different trainers at Master's and both are very knowledgeable with animals. I have seen great strides in the way my dog acts now. He loves the training as much as I like taking him. I recommend the training to anyone.
