1	You know, If I had the opportunity I'd give Scottsdale public works 0 stars.How many of us find oursleves tangled up in construction on Scottsdale road, shifting lanes that seem to change overnight on a project that has been in place since LAST YEAR only to wonder why it's not done and it's  a tuesday at 3 pm and there's NO WORKERS progressing the project. Better yet, how about we FINISH one project BEFORE we start another, I'm sure many of you can comment on the Pinnacle Peak catastrophe which is a never ending battle as well.I know the states broke but holy CRAP!! This is the biggest shit-show I've ever seen, and I moved here from LA!
2	Yeah, i pretty much have to concur with Patrick that Scottsdale road crews and administration of road repair funds seems like a random bunch of irrational nonsense. Totally with you on the whole "finish one project before starting another", and it's 3PM and lanes are blocked off but workers and any sign of work are seemingly non-existent. It's funny how the same roads get torn up about every year or two, only to leave shoddy workmanship and ugly patchwork scars. At least, if you're going to inconvenience us for weeks and months at a time, have the work ethic and common courtesy to leave the roadway surface in as good (or, preferably better) shape than before you started digging. Please. Oh, and Scottsdale police? I reserve the right to swerve around shoddy, crappy roadwork that the city either ignores or patched up and left worse, and not have it called "negligent driving." We the people cite YOU the city for negligent, mismanaged chaos which not only inconveniences, but in some cases damages vehicle alignments and front-ends as we dodge and amble through this urban miasma of ineptitude. Here's an idea: How about making road surfaces out of materials that don't break down every couple of years? Oh, I forgot - we're spending our trillions on unnecessary warfare and waste. Remember, Rome fell partly because it couldn't build viable roads.
5	Recently I was assisted by a staff member of the water utility department via email.I went to the website and submitted some concerns as an indirect water customer.My email was immediately answered.  "Lyn" the agent who helped me went above and beyond addressing my concerns and was even kind enough to add an attachment of a Water Rate Fee Schedule, that I did not even ask for.Thank you City of Scottsdale Water Utility Department!!
