5	Every detail here is right. The office staff are pleasant and very helpful. It took a while to sort out my odd insurance, and they were patient and persistent. Dr. Rapp and the dental assistants have a warm, welcoming manner that puts the children (and me) at ease. After one rather difficult appointment, Dr. Rapp called the next day to check on my daughter and make sure she was feeling well.
5	Dr. Manny Rapp is a GREAT!  I have three disabled children and he deals SO well with them.  Last time we were there my daughter got SO upset that she vomited but the dentist was wonderful about it.  I cleaned her up as best I could but she will had barf all in her hair.  Dr, Rapp said no problem and laid her back in the chair anyways (with a cover). Her looked at her teeth and cleaned them.  She was good once she was in the chair ironically enough. What a trooper Dr. Rapp was though!
5	Dr Nina is a great dentist.  My daughter just loves coming here and the dentist and her assistants are super friendly and cater great to children.  They have a toy basket that the kids get to pick a prize from after they get done with the appointment.  My daughter always looks forward to this.  Won't go anywhere else.
5	My son actually likes going to the dentist because of how nice the people here treat him.  They know how to talk with a child to make them feel comfortable.  They were respectful of my child and me as a parent.  The dr talked to me about my sons teeth and showed me areas to focus on and how to help improve his teeth even more.  I like how pleasant they all were.  Very good experiences here so far.
5	I can not say enough positive things about Dr. Manny.My son needed major dental work at the age of 3 (and ever since) because he has enamel dysplasia. Dr. Manny treats him like he would treat his own son, including meeting us at his office on a Sunday when my son has an abscessed tooth since Dr. Manny did not want my son to be in pain until Monday morning.He, and his staff, treat each child as if they were their own. I only wish he saw adult patients so I could use him as well!
5	We took our son to Adaven for the first time today.  What a wonderful experience!  Dr. Nina and the staff at Adaven make going to the dentist a very fun & relaxing experience for children.  I would recommend this office, especially Dr. Nina, to anyone!  They give out little goodies for the kids after their appointment too.  Very impressed with Adaven.
5	We love Dr Manny and EVERYONE at Adaven!!Have two boys who go here and were even more appreciative this morning when they helped "entertain" little brother while big brother had his checkup.  The little things you do really do not go unnoticed.Thank you for being so awesome!!
5	Took both my 3 & 5 year old boys to Dr Manny today, and I was thoroughly impressed with him and his entire staff! My 3 year old was nervous and they made him feel comfortable and were able to get him to get X-rays, cleaning and exam happily!
5	Love. Love. Love. Taking kids to the dentist is not exactly something I think anyone looks forward to, that being said, if you have to do it, this is the place to go. Dr. Manny is awesome. Staff is awesome. They let my one year old sit with his three year old sister during her exam so she would feel better. She is very shy with strangers but these guys made her comfortable and happy. We have our 3 year old, our 1 year old, and one more on the way so we will definitely be lifelong patients!!
5	We love this office!!! Dr. Manny & Dr. Nina are both above and beyond great Doctors. Both of my girls love them and are not scared or hesitant about going to the dentist. The staff is also great, especially Tina at the front desk! She was super helpful, always called me back, and explained everything to me when my daughter had to have some major work done. I highly recommend Adaven!!!
5	Love Dr manny Rapp!  Kids love this office. They r great with timing, never a wait. They have a great way of making the kids feel comfortable and actually look forward to getting their teeth cleaned!!
5	The best!
5	I have bringing my children here for over 10 yrs! I would recommend them to anyone! Both Drs are awesome & really know how to make the kids comfortable. The staff is great! The dental assistants are the best & really make this place great for the kids! If you need a pediatric dentist, this is definitely the place to go, hands down!
