3	I do a lot of shopping at Copps because 1) it's close and 2) I usually frequent Copps as a change of pace from the smaller markets and co-ops.As far as large chain grocery stores go, Copps has a wide selection in pretty much every food category, including a coffee stand, bakery, butcher, salad bar, and deli (whose workers are the most surly you've probably ever encountered). There's a selection of organic foods that is decent for a chain grocery, a good cheese aisle, and a well-stocked liquor section. Copps has weekly sales from time to time, often on its own line of products, but prices in general tend to be middle of the road or higher for your usual goods. Be sure to get a Copps card (its free) to take advantage of the sales.If you have a chance, I've noticed the Copps on University on the westside is *much* more posh and has a better selection and display of its items, particularly the service counters (deli, bakery, etc.). Having visited this Shopko location after encountering the westside Copps made things look a little bit drearier...
5	THANK GOD! I am sick of co-ops. One shop for everything food. I like plastic bags and large carbon footprints. I'm not going to martyr myself and pay more for a smaller selection for some pinko environmentalist agenda.
3	It's a Copps. They generally have higher prices than I'd like, and I find their image-signs in the frozen food completely counter-intuitive, but it's clean, the food is decently fresh, and if we're in the area we'll stop in for a thing or two, but we won't go out of our way to go here. We'd much rather go to HyVee.The service is so-so. No one outstandingly friendly, and no one outstandingly rude.
2	We have been shopping at this location since we moved into the neighborhood this past year. Copp's (the past year or two) has really gone down hill. We normally do our big shopping at Woodman's because it's cheaper. We'd go to this Copp's more but 1, the prices are higher MUCH higher than almost any place in Madison. Also they have a horrible time having things in stock. A lot of shelves are barely stocked (during the week even) and the signs in the frozen area are dumb, having lame pictures isn't helping me find products.  If they updated a few things, had more things in stock and even regular items in stock I'd give a better rating. Also the parking lot is pretty dim/dark. Makes me feel unsafe.
3	Again... not a fan of Copps, in general. This one seems a bit older and a bit more in need of a facelift, but it's not bad. Wide aisles, plenty of check outs, and decent produce. Prices are typically higher than Woodman's, but Copps allows the use of credit cards (or using your debit card as a credit card, which I do because my bank gives me 5% cashback when I do).Bakery items are usually stellar - especially the chocolate donuts. ;-)
3	This store is fine and had a nice selection, but the fact that I can't use my phone to call about "do we need this" questions is unacceptable in this day & age.  Not even wifi so I could text.  It's on an odd location with nothing but a soon to be closed shopko by it, but it's convenient to drop in on the way from the east side to the north side.
