4	When you can't find your favorite Hungarian psychological thriller online or at the Blockbuster, it is time to head inside the "Black Box"! Boite Noire is the posher alternative to your video rental service. Basically their selection is astounding. The store has two floors, the basement being dedicated to World cinema rentals. When they write "World cinema" they mean it: this is the only place you can find actual Japanese movies they show in Japan as opposed to selected international releases. Also the only place to go for little known cinema (Finnish? anyone?). You can buy and rent, they are very big on renting: take notes of their specials (Wednesday: 3 Documentaries for 1, Mondays: 3/1 student specials!). I am much more of a buyer and it bothers me that their selection of videos to buy is limited. The Mont-Royal place is lovely and spacious, chances are if you don't have a particular country of producer in mind, you'll get lost! Fear not, the employees are here to help you and they are extremely well informed. Thing is, you have to go to them, in their "Information" corner. The shop also has a small selection of snacks to munch on while watching your flick, as well as memorabilia.
5	This may be the only video store to survive the Netflix era. They have the most obscure movies from alllllll over the planet. Pay the 20$ membership, it's worth it if you're a movie fan.
3	Soo many choices to choose from! La Boite Noire is the place to go for anything music and movies!
4	This is where the cool plateau people rent their movies. Recent American film and classic international film. Old tv series, like full house, fresh prince, are also available downstairs, along with the Japanese horror film section,
4	Boite noire, is a refreshing break from the super chain videotron and blockbuster. This is where the cool plateau people rent their movies and buy their movies paraphernalia. The selection is vast,  Recent American, French  international film, Bollywood. Old tv series, like full house, fresh prince, are also available downstairs, there is Japanese horror section all the 80,90 sitcoms and drama. They even still rent some VHS.It's a great place to get some snacks or cute presents, when you want to spend a quiet evening watching movies.It's a good idea to invest in becoming a member then movie rentals are only 2$ each .
3	You can either pay $5.50 for 3-day movie rentals or get a $40 membership and pay $2 for 3-day/$3 for 7-day rentals.  They also offer 2-for-1 movies for students on Tuesday and Thursday. The reason I give 3 stars is because that deal isn't valid for people with memberships!? I learnt this 30 seconds after paying for a membership. I'm a student and could have paid $2.75 for movies twice a week. Instead I paid $40 (way too much) for a membership to pay .75 cents less than the other students.  Good movie selection and shop but don't fall for their rip off of a membership unless you rent daily.
4	This place is absolutely wonderful. It's such a shame that I'm so incredibly busy that I can't rent anything at the moment, but every time I've gone with my friends (lucky them, so much time on their hands!) I'm absolutely impressed with the selection--especially with the East Asian films! Most other places have more Chinese films than anything, but Boite Noire has a great selection from other countries that I don't think any international film fan (or those looking to pique their curiosity)Only downside though was from one visit--perhaps the clerks were tired or bored, but my friends and I were there about 8pm one evening and we noticed they turned off the music while we were browsing and that one of (or both?) the young clerks kept scoffing at us and sighing quite audibly. We felt we had to leave because we thought they closed early and they were waiting on us! It kind of discouraged us from going there for a bit, actually. I do plan on going back there soon though.
