4	Wings and Beer are my PB & J.....they just go together.This is another restuarant I discovered in the midwest and was glad to find one in Arizona.  The food is great, reasonably priced (35 cent wings on Tuesdays) with beer specials to boot.  It is a great place to watch sporting events, but can become very crowded for boxing and UFC.  So it is best to arrive early!
2	UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNot my type of place at all, but perfect for manly men and frat boys.Buffalo Wild Wings has decent food and an assorted menu besides wings, but it the atmosphere of this place that drives me crazy. If you like loud overcrowded sports bars overflowing with testosterone you will love this place, but those are all things I try to avoid in a restaurant. Also the wait for your food can become ridiculous if it is busy which doesn't make and sense...cook some more wings pronto!
4	Wings + Beer + Football = LOVEI am such a girly girl 99% of the time but come fall, I sort of turn into a dude.....This is not my most favorite place to catch the game, but a good alternative when I want to mix it up or my team is on a bye week. Good selection of boneless wing flavors.Oh god, just writing this makes me yearn for the season to begin!!!!!!!!!!!
5	BW3 in Arizona????OMG! I am so pumped. Nothing is better than chilling at a BW's on a saturday getting ready to watch your favorite college football game.They have huge tv's, huge selection of beers and some of the best wings ever (imo). You think hooters has good wings...make a trip to bw's and you'll never go back!You must try the spicy garlic sauce it is delish. My mouth salivates just thinking about it.
4	Yesssss!  it is definitely a Sports Lover's Place!  Loads of monitors to watch just about any game live, and the wings are exceptional!!  I like the Caribbean Jerk Sauce----Just the right tang, heat and flavor!----Oh man, does it make me want to take the trip from Highland and 17th to get there right now!---lolI gave it four stars because the beer selection is mediocre...They don't even have Sierra Nevada Pale Ale on tap....*
4	I really enjoyed this place, had my son with me so he absolutely loved this place t.v's all over playing non-stop sports.  the variety of wings is great and the prices are pretty good as well.  This was really just a fun spot to hang out and eat wings.
4	We were driving around after being detoured by the 101 fwy closure when suddenly the clouds parted, light shone down from the sky, angels sang, and we saw the Buffalo Wild Wings in the distance. Forest was a BW3 virgin so we had to take him in and let him experience the magic. I really like the layout of this location...you can see all of the TVs from anywhere in the restaurant. Being since we had just gorged ourselves on Roberto's mexican food we only had drinks at the bar, but we made Forest read the menu while we described each sauce to him in detail. I think we freaked out the guy sitting next to us at the bar when we started asking him questions about his food.  The bartender thought our questions were a bit odd too. Once again, thinking of being arrested and put on a chain gang in the AZ desert, we drank up and left quickly.
3	Bar:  ok  let's call it a bar like object which is closer to the truth.No cider.  Order a 12 y/o single malt.. Dont' know the names available  but aha  she   found one, then couldn't get the price on it , then did..  The cider I can kind of overlook it's not that common but   Scotch? You're a fricking bar act like one.  Isn't Scottsdale for posers and  drinking 12 year old single malts  part of that? ( I have a celtic passport so I have a pass:)     Their hottest wings are  actually hot , I had the boneless ones this time out and while they are  just ok they  at least live up to the heat part which is often more a label attached to anything that's seen a pepper somewhere in its life.  Service, apart from the scotch issue was pleasant and attentive.   Average  frozen desert cheesecake and  let's be honest it's not a destination for food as much as a place to kill time  prior to the movie. Having said that their wings beat the snot out of what Harkins will push your way as chicken :)Screens are plentiful,  decent bar and arcade games  but they are inconsistent with what music is played, at which volume. ( least tonight)  It's pretty much as expected.Edited to remove typos and hopefully improve grammar.
1	STAY AWAY, spend your money else where. This place wrote the book on bad costumer service. Went there with the family and kids, and they had $10 cover, even for the kids, for a pay per view event. You could get food credit, so there were really trying to make sure you spent $10 per person. But the boneheaded manager would only accept cash to get in, and if you didn't have cash, you could use their ATM and pay a fee. They wouldn't accept a credit card, or even think of any alternative. So we didn't go in. So good luck in this economy, Mr. Buffalo Wild Wings owners, making do, with a crappy customer service approach and boneheaded manager. So we went to Elephant Bar instead and had a great meal.
3	HOT WINGS. decent beer selection, not much on tap, wings with 12 sauce selections, great spot before or after the Cine Capri Scottsdale (biggest screen in Scottsdale).--some of the hottest wings i have ever had. great flavor and not too greasy--wing wednesdays are $0.40 each, same price for 2oz ranch and celery sticks--12 varying choices (wimp to DAMN) and nice sweet alternatives throughout--great dark spot (no external light) for an afternoon with your lappy (free wifi) and sports on 15 screens above you--great spot for dinner/drinks after your Cine Capri movie next door
4	Living in Scottsdale by 101 gives a gal limited late night options.  I never thought I could say this about a chain, but this has become one of my favorite late night spots.  The food is always good, fresh, hot, and consistent.  They have a great beer selection with really good prices, and a great full bar with knowledgeable bartenders. Almost every night of the week they have a deal of some kind going on, making a great bang for the buck.  Its never super full which is a plus for me, except for UFC nights, when i just stay the heck away...oooohhhh affliction. The food has its pluses and its minuses, though.  You cant beat their sauce selection - bests would be the Asian zing, mango habenero (both are hot!) , and spicy garlic.  You can try whichever sauce you want, can modify everything, and change things up with sauces IE 10 wings but 3 with this, 2 with that, and 5 with whatever, and they never complain or question. Everything is made fresh and has always come out hot, and the portions are good sized. My favorite dishes would be the buffalo chicken wrap, their chicken sliders, and of course, the wings.  But the good comes with the bad, and the bad in this case would be the sizes of the wings, both boneless and not.  They are simply not that impressive, so you definitely have to order more to fill up. Also, the boneless have just a bit too much fried breading on the outside and are more nibblet size rather than tenders.  This doesn't keep me from coming back though, especially being addicted to their late night trivia game - which to note, can become a really fun drinking game with your buddies.  I have to give it up to the waiters and bartenders that work here and make this place as great as it is, who are all friendly, down to earth and personal as hell.  Love ya Erin and Chad!
5	I finally visited this location last night as its been years since I have been inside of a buffalo wild wings. The food was great, but our waiter Levi was awesome. He made sure that we not only had great drinks but that our food arrived in a timely manner so that we would not miss our movie. How cool is that.? Great food, great drinks, fabulous service. What more could a girl want?
4	If you are not into loud noise and sports definitely not your place but if you are in the mood for great wings (especially the boneless options) Buffalo Wild Wings is an awesome choice.  Today we felt a little crazy so upped our heat on the wings and went for the habernaro mango boneless wings.  They were quite good.  So far very few wing flavors we have tried have been bad.  The waitress was impressed we did not think the habernaro wings were hot so dared us to try the blazing hot sauce.  Up for the challenge she brought us out some and dipped the medium wing into it.Was definitely hot and I probably could not eat more than 1 but next time we are going to give those a shot.  The asian zing wings are awesome and the $3.25 large beer special today was a nice side.
2	For a chain or restaurant in general with "wing" in the name, this place really doesn't impress.If all you're looking for is standard draft beers, mediocre wings and sports, sure it'll fit that bill but it won't stand in any discernable way.Wings are just average sized. Selection of sauces is good, the hottest is pretty hot but not extremely flavorful. I suppose it's just there to burn you twice, you know what I'm talking about.I won't go on promoting a bunch of local bars or chains locally that do the same thing with wings, beer and sports. Oh okay, I will; Hazelwoods, Native New Yorker, Zipps and Tweakwoods all do some/everything better than Wild Wings.
3	long story short ... I wasn't too impressed w their wings the last time I visited so I tried their chicken strips. Our waiter asked us what sauces we'd like to try and since they had soo many to choose from I wanted to pick a couple. Well between 3 of we manage to get 6 sauces and to our surprise when the bill came, we were charged for every one. Now I feel like the waiter should have advised that there was an additional charge for sauce for my chicken strips but w/e lesson learned. I also learned whatever their beer of the month is, you can get a pilsner for 3.25... Not too shabby.  All in all the food was mediocre, but the waiter was actually a cool dude, I'll give him that. They have heaters on their patio which made it that much better to get away from the annoying crowd of drunk guys and girls inside.
4	While they may not use the best wings, they definitely have some of the best sauces! They have my all time favorite wing sauce in the Mango Habanero. Go on a Tuesday if you're going for the first time and get the $.50 wings. The Buffalito's are also a great choice for switching it up, and you can add your favorite wing sauce to them as well. We always get nachos when going in large groups, which never disappoint.
4	Gawd, I love B-Dubs.  I've honestly NEVER had a bad meal at one.  EVER.This one was no exception:  great food, nice atmosphere, TVs all over the place...pretty standard for BWW.My only apprehension is with the employees the owners hire at these places.  There's nothing they can do, though...students and people in their late teens / early 20s are the candidate pool for foodservice jobs.  I've had great servers at some BWWs, and really bad ones at others.  When I first walked in this one, there were 11 kids talking right at the entrance, completely blocking my path to the bar.  I had to ask them to kindly move their collective ass out of my way.  It looked like a mall entrance on Friday night.  Other than the jackoffs working at this one (the server-bartender wasn't solving any equations between pouring beers), I have no problems whatsoever.  Keep up the good work, B-Dubs.  You have a lifelong client in me!
1	Because there was no option for zero stars. By far the worst dining experience I have ever had, hands down. I was embarrassed that I suggested that my colleague and I meet at this location for lunch. The food was okay but the service is what really killed the entire experience for us both. While waiting for my colleague, I was asked several times if I was okay and if I needed an appetizer. I feel that I made it pretty clear that I was going to wait for the other member of the party. The waitress continued to visit and ask if I was okay, which was fine, it was not annoying yet. When we did finally order she told the other member of the party that they could not prepare his meal that way, that she would check but knew they would say no. Wow! Really? Any server would tell the guest that they would check and leave it at that. Now comes the kicker, we were asked if we wanted dessert while still in the middle of our meal. No joke. I can't make this stuff up. I don't know why I keep going back to this place to give it another chance. On top of that, after discussing with the manager, she said that they hope to make it better when I return. I will never be back to this location unless there is another tenant in that space.
2	For a place with wings in its name you would think they have awesome wings...  The wings are good but not great.  What else could you really expect from a chain?  My friend and I came here to watch the Machida v Rua 2 fight.  They have a $5 cover and then a $15 minimum per person.  I could understand one or the other but both is just wrong.
4	I went on Wing tuesday! WooHoo! Those Mango Habeneros are good! $3.75 for a coors light!?!? I'm not sure what is worse, the price or admitting I drank it?
1	FATTY, "ANTIBIOTIC-PUMPED-TO-KEEP-ME-ALIVE, STOOD-IN-MY-OWN-POOP-'TILL-THEY-SLAUGHTERED-ME" _FEED LOT_ "MEAT". WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS COUNTRY'S MEAT???!!!-- sure, on Wing Tuesdays they may be only $0.45 each, but the gristle, fat and squish they call "chicken" is barely swallowable.-- "Beef" ribs are little more than fat on a bone, slathered with sweet sauce. ICK. SEND IT BACK!!-- kitchen never on time. When your server stops by to say your food is on its way, that means at least 10 more minutes.-- limited beer selection-- bag salad mix sprinkled with bag shredded cheese and bag croutons. ugh.sure they sell their 12 sauces in take-home bottles, but if they're cutting corners so heavily on the meat, just imagine what choices they're making in the sauces. BLECH!Corporate quality gone amok.
3	Good place to watch the game and munch on finger foods.
4	I like this B-DUBS....as everyone seems to call it.  The service was great, the hostess and waitress were friendly and prompt.....and it was even a game night when we went!  The food was good (caribbean jerk boneless wings) and the beer was ICE COLD (Corona, if you were wondering).  I would definately go back.  And, for Scottsdale, it was reasonably priced.  Rock on B-DUB A DUBZ!
4	Thursday came and you know what that means! Boneless wings!!!!We were serving and ready to devour a pound of wings each. The server comes to take our order. Some young dude who thinks he's way too cool, except for the fact that he's not. Whatever. I ignore it. Just give me mah beer and shot. Drinks arrive. I'm happy. Ten minutes pass. Where the fuck is Mr. Cool?I want my wings!!!Finally he decides to grace us with his presence and jokes. Takes our order. Go away now. On to the wings. Delicious as usual. The vast array of sauces mixed with perfectly cooked wings. My only gripe? Why do I have to pay for ranch??? Whatevs. It's worth it!Sidenote: This was the only sketchy experience I've had with a server here...hence the 4 stars.
3	Went to watch game 3 of world series on sat afternoon. Had to complain to manager just to get game on 1 tv, they had espn college football news on 7 screens , got game on 3 bad viewing screens from bar area. Other 7 ppl watching world series left during 4th inn to go elsewhere to watch.  Service was good but this is world series.
5	Love it here on Saturday for lunch and a bit of sports!Wings are delicious... just cant beat the great atmosphere. Location doesnt hurt either :)Happy Hour prices are really great, and the service is great. Food delicious.Best thing is not only are they accomodating to big groups but there is no bad place to sit in this place- great to watch any sporting event.
3	Good wings, but overpriced.  I still consider them overpriced on wing Tuesday.
2	Have had some good experiences at Buffalo Wild Wings in the past but can't really recommend this place anymore due to my last experience here.What happened?Came on a Thursday night to watch a football game.     Place was mostly cleared out, I'd say that about 60% of the restaurant was completely open.I sat down with my girlfriend, waiter shows up to get our order, we get some appetizers, cheese sticks to start off with.     Now me and my girlfriend are sitting watching the game, the cheese sticks arrive, they're pretty good, and everything is cool.  Then the waiter comes back within about a minute of bringing the cheese sticks and asks if we're ready to order, we shake our heads as we haven't even finished eating the cheese sticks.Within another minute, he's back again, so we just go ahead and order our entrees and everything is cool, the waiter vanishes, and we're back to watching the football game.We get our entrees, I ordered a Big Jack Daddy burger, normally delicious but somewhat off, the pulled pork was cold, the burger was dry and had barely any BBQ sauce on it so I asked the waiter for some.  My girlfriend's biting into her chicken tenders which also were somewhat under-par.      The waiter comes back with the BBQ sauce, then disappears again, we're watching the football game and within a few minutes, he's back, asking if we want desert.................um, while I'm not even halfway done with my entree.       We say no, go back to our food and at this point, some Buffalo Wild Wings honcho, maybe a manager stops by our table and asks how things are, I say alright although privately I'm starting to feel a bit crowded.  Then as I'm just finishing my entree, the waiter comes by, swoops the plate and takes off.    Next thing I know he's coming to the table, shoving the check next to me and saying he can "get it whenever we're ready", which at this point I feel like I'm getting the bum's rush and I look around the restaurant and realize that its even emptier than we got there.       I made a point of asking him if maybe they were closing early or something and he got defensive and walked off.      At that point, I didn't see him the rest of the night, but I did notice on the bill that he had the audacity to charge us for the extra BBQ sauce I asked for to cover up the dryness of the overcooked burger and the fact that they barely put any sauce on it to begin with.     The fact I was being charged for BBQ sauce in a place that serves it up en masse was ridiculous.     What's next?   Fork and knife rental fees?   First time I've been charged for that at any restaurant, and especially at Buffalo Wild Wings.        Putting that on top of the lousy, pushy service was enough for me to leave the lowest tip I've left at any restaurant.            I'd understand on a busy night about table turnover but sitting back on a nearly completely dead evening, we're one of a few handful of tables actually filled in the waiter's section, watching a football game while ordering food and getting basically tossed out.     No thanks, there's many other places where I can get decent food without being treated like the waiter is doing me a favor and not the other way around.  I'll try the Buffalo Wild Wings location out at Norterra but this whole experience was pretty much a bust for me, cold food, dry burger, lousy service and on top of that, getting nickel and dimed on the BBQ sauce.     No thanks.
5	Amazing wings coupled with amazing service. I go once a week and the tell me my order as i sit at the counter!  THis makes for a small town local bar feeling.  now onto what makes BWW different...1. You can ask for ALL DRUMETTES if you prefer at no extra charge!! I don't like the 2nd wing sections as much (double bones) as I like the first wing section (drums) 2. You can ask for them extra crispy if that's what you like. Most places I have been to and asked for this, the wings are not any differently cooked.The mango habenero is the finest sauce available in my opinion.  It's super sweet and tasty with plenty of fire kick to balance it out.  They sell their sauces to go too. honey BBQ is great for the kids.Tuesdays are 35 cent wing days, see you there.
4	After a failed attempt to get lunch at Extreme Pita (see previous review) we walked over to BWW and were pleasantly surprised. It was our first time there and from the outside we didn't expect to find a decently cool sports bar- not a bad seat in the house, there are literally wall to wall TVs, you can't miss the game. The service was phenomenal from the hostess to the server to the runners. I even dumped my coke like a clumsy pregnant woman and a cheerful girl came over to clean it up and had the server over with a new drink in no time. We started with a half dozen medium wings and they were very good. I had the buffalitos and onion rings. The rings were pretty average, and I liked the buffalitos a lot except that the flour tortillas was a bit dry/stale. My son got the popcorn shrimp and ate every last one of them, and hubby got a chicken wrap that he liked a lot. We will definitely be back, mainly when I'm not pregnant and may partake in games and beer :D
5	Can't believe I never reviewed this particular B Dubs! Being right across the street from my work, I spent many lunch hours here eating Buffalitos or wings, playing trivia and catching up on the previous night's games.  Quite a few Sundays as well since I'm a Bears fan, and my girlfriend loves the Steelers, so we had to end up somewhere we could both catch our games.Love the Buffalitos! They are tacos, except with grilled chicken and your favorite wing sauce! I usually went with hot, but you almost couldn't go wrong with any flavor.  Served with chips and salsa, it made a great lunch when you didn't feel like gettin messy with the wings.Now that I have moved to the Chicago area, I'm really gonna miss this place.  Good thing there are B Dubs all over around here as well!
4	Atmosphere is always fun and the food is good as long as you stick to chicken. If you sit in the bar area try to sit in Cassie or Suzie's section; they are the best.
2	I have no idea how this place got 4.5 stars. Their food is possibly some of the worst food I have ever had. Ever. And that's pretty bad, as I'm not super picky. I've been to two of their locations and both times I was completely unimpressed.First time I had a burger. I requested it rare, and of course it came out well done. Like damned rubber. Anyone knows that once you go rare, you don't dare...go...well done. Ok I was trying to be funny and I failed, but you get my point. And the food came in some crazy picnic-type containers. Shit you'd see if you bought it at the Fair or your neighbor's BBQ.Second time was a salad. Trying to be healthy!!@#! The "greens" were pretty much ALL iceberg lettuce. REALLY you guys? REALLY? Too expensive for such a lousy salad. If I wanted to munch on what was basically water I would've ordered a free water! The one I created myself at Old Country Buffet tasted far far better. The only thing it has going for it is decent drink selections/prices and a nice bar-like atmosphere. But tons of other bars have that too AND good food to boot. Like Santisi Brothers. Yeah, count this place out.Oh, their logo is kinda nice. Makes me think the buffalo just drank Red Bull though.
3	Ive been to varrious BWW's across the valley and this is probably one of the more popular ones because of the Harkins and the festivals that take place (shameless plug).Look, I love the dusted wings and that's literally it.  So those wings alone will get 5 stars.  I could eat dozens of them.  Why the three stars?  Well we went there weekend during the Phoenix Film Festival and probably sat for a good 10min before someone came to help us. "Oh have you guys been helped?" after waving them down.  "Uh no.. not yet"Waitress comes over "Oh I didnt see you guys over here.. hehe" (we chose to sit outside)Ok we're ready to order.  We had about 45min to eat/drink before our movie started, so we had to do it quickly.I dont mean to sound like a butt, but this happened twice this weekend, but instead of not showing up for 10min, near the end of our second visit, they dropped the bill off and left for a while.  We literally went to find them.  I believe we told them upfront that we had a movie coming up.  I know.. "Why did you go again if you had horrible service?"   Because that's the only place right next to the theater to eat at when you have 20min to eat.  (Im aware of the Vietnamese place, Cafe Pino, and Yoshi Bento).Will I go again? Sure I will.  If the wings sucked, then I probably would find another place.  Funny after reading this review back to myself, you'd think Id give it one star..
2	My wife and I decided to go outside of our comfort zone and try a new restaurant on Mayo Blvd. I give one star for the awesome patio and one star for the different playoff games on the TV. That's about as good as it gets.Maybe it's my fault for ordering something besides wings. But the burger was on the menu, so I guess it must be good, right? Wrong! I asked for a medium burger and it came out well done and very very salty. Now I'm a big boy and I do know how I want my burger cooked, MEDIUM. What is the restaurant worried about, people suing them for having the shits by eating a medium burger? Needless to say, I did not enjoy my meal.My wife and I agree that we won't be returning since her chicken sandwich didn't measure up as well.
4	Best wing sauces! I love the options, my favorite are Mango Habenaro, and spicy garlic. Asian Zing and Caribbean Jerk are both popular with my group as well. Good nachos for an appetizer. Great atmosphere when there are good games on. Not a fan of them charging for fight nights... but its not an often inconvenience.  Ask about the monthly beer specials to get the discounted options!
1	In just a couple of words... Absolutely horrible! Worst wings I have ever had and shameful overall experience for a place that specializes in wings. Do not waste your money here as there are many places to go where you can get quality wings, homemade, and fairly priced. Enough said.
3	ive been here 100 times for all types of events and its a great place to eat, drink, and watch sports. I love the parmesaean garlic, teriyaki, and habenero sauces. The monthly beer specials isnt a bad deal for a tall domestic. Fries are also pretty good.
5	We absolutely love this restaurant!  We usually frequent it during happy hour or before a movie, and enjoy the nachos and/or quesadillas.  We ALWAYS have exceptional service, and most recently, Suzie has been our server in the bar area.  She's the most pleasant server we've had in a long time, and I felt she deserved to be mentioned here.  In addition to remembering what we drink each time, she's always quick to ask us if we'd like another before we have to ask her. Also, if we request a side of hot sauce or ranch or anything else, she or another staff member are always quick to bring it to us.The other staff members are equally friendly and helpful, and the food is always fantastic. Being vegetarian, it isn't always easy to find quality meat-substitutes, especially in a sports bar and chicken restaurant, but BWW has a tasty selection served with a smile.Thanks, BWW, for always assuring a great experience with a super staff and excellent food.We'll be back!
3	Visited this place on 2011-07-08.  I'm a fan of wings, so how can I not visit a place called Buffalo Wild wings?  It's the middle of summer, so we chose to sit inside.  We don't need to fry ourselves in 115 degree heat while eating wings...Place is busy...that's a good sign... and a 15 minute wait was somewhat tolerable.What else would you order at a place called Buffalo Wild Wings?  Buffalo wings, of course!  If only it was that simple.....The "wild" part... they have a ton of different flavors/options to choose with your wings - mild to hot, sweet to savory, sauced to dry-rub....  and some none-wing appetizers as well.  We settled for 6 different preparations over 36 wings (6 of each).... and added some appetizers as well (hey, it was happy-hour - 1/2 price on appetizers!).The chicken natchos were good - maybe we were just hungry.  The mushrooms not as successful... oh well.  It's all about the wings, right?Wings arrive... not impressed.  Sauces are hit-and-miss; some were good, some could be better, but the wings... small, dry, brittle bones, and many were not cut cleanly at the joints, leaving sharp shards of bones sticking out - had to pick at them carefully to not cut-up the inside of your mouth.  This is typical of wings that appear to have been frozen then deep-fried.  In focusing on their sauces, they forgot about maintaining the quality of the wings.  Very disappointed...  Not even close to some better wings I've eaten around the globe (see my review of Elephant & Castle in Dublin, Ireland).Ambiance wise, not too bad; it's a sports bar with lots of screens, trivia games non-stop, and a boisterous crowd.  Not a place for a quiet, romantic date, however.I'd give it a 2-1/2 star but upping it to 3 star  since we can't give 1/2 stars - and for the ambiance.
5	I have had nothing but great experiences at this restaurant. I have only eaten wings here, but they have a large selection of other food. The selection of sauces for the wings is large. My personal favorite is the spicy garlic.The wait staff is good. Good prices on drinks. I definitely would recommend to others.
3	finally found a dish i like a bws.  i get the honey mustard salad which is tasty.  since my husband is a fan of bws i'll be back.
2	We stopped here the other night after the movies for a quick bite. We sat at the bar, expecting faster service. I am pretty sure the bar tender has worked there for several years; but I don't know how she has managed to keep her job because her service was absolutely horrible. At first she ignored us and waited on what I would assume was a regular. Luckily we were finally acknowledged, and she was about as friendly as a post. I ordered a beer and Dave a glass a wine. She had no wine knowledge, which was very apparent. On top of the crappy service came the same mediocre food we have come to expect from chain restaurants - if it isn't deep fried and smothered in sauce - then it comes from a bag and has no flavor. We had chicken wings, of course there was hardley any meat on the wings and we asked for Blue Cheese. We got one ranch and one blue cheese.  I am not sure what she didn't understand about the statement, "I am from NY, I want blue cheese, not ranch."  But then again...Will I come back - probably not. I can go to other chain restaurants for the same mediocre food with way better service.
2	I have a love, hate relationship with Buffalo Wild Wings.The food is good, but for the most part it's location near the Harkins Theater make it a disaster to find parking or to consider going to as a restaurant.  That said, we've been coming here for over four years and have tried most items on the menu.  At it's core, BWW is a beer and chicken place.  Our family loves the chicken tenders over the bone-in wings.  No reason, just our preference.  If you haven't been to a BWW, please know they have over a dozen sauces, from the very mild (no heat) to mouth searing hot.  We really like the Asian Zing (Medium) and Mango Habanero (Hot).  Also, their salads are very good.BWW has a large bar area which can get very crowded and a huge dinning room for families or large groups.  If you want to watch a game, this is the place.   They have a dozen or so big screens. BTW, Buffalo Wild Wings runs specials on Tuesday (Wings) and Thursdays (Boneless).Enjoy!
3	What the hell happened? This place is suddenly closed!
4	Does anyone know why this location closed down?
1	OMG, drove up to the 101 location today for my salt and vinegar fix, and it is just gone with a dumb sign saying it had to close immediately for "business reasons" and to try one of the other locations that are all like an hour away!!! I am devastated. If they don't open a new one around here soon, I am starting a petition!!!
