5	I was referred to RV Master Techs by the owner of an RV Park in Gila Bend, AZ.  He said they were fair and did good work.  We had had problems with our awning collapsing.  We drove our Motorhome up and they worked us into their schedule with ease.  The repair completed, we went on our way south.  Unfortunately the repair left something to be desired.  I called Jason, the Service Manager and told him of the problem.  He asked that when we returned to the area that I bring the rig in.  I was two months or so later that I finally got back.  Jason set me up to come in and get the problem rectified.  The fixed the problem and also did a lube and oil change.   As a bonus, they did other service for me gratis.  I couldn't have asked for better, nor more efficient service.  They are competent and trustworthy.  I'd go back any day.
1	I took my RV into RV Master Techs (RVMT) into Goodyear to look at my Onan Microlite 4000 generator that was still in the RV bay.  The problem that I was having is that it would turn over and fire but would not remain running immediately after the starter button was disengaged.  They told me that they replaced the carburetor and that it was still doing the same thing and they wanted to take it to the local Onan place in town to have them troubleshoot it which I allowed.  RVMT told me Onan stated that the Stator was bad and the cost would be $1800 to fix.  I rejected that and had RVMT remove the generator from the bay so that I could put something else in there.  They removed the new carburetor and gave me the generator back without the old carburetor reinstalled.  I got the carb back in a box.  My neighbor is an experienced mechanic offered to take a look at the generator.  Before taking it apart, we immediately noticed that there was break in the armature as we could see that through the ventilation openings.  We removed and dismantled the generator and discovered that there was damage in the unit and we found the foreign metal object that caused the damage.  Here's the problem, before taking it to RVMT, the unit was free wheeling without hindrance that would have been noticeable with the extensive damage in the generator area, so that occurred AFTER I turned it over to them.  I was charged $300 for them to effectively remove the unit with the carburetor removed and with a more severe problem than when it was given to them.
5	I have been using RV Master Techs for the last three years on two different motorhomes -- a National Dolphin and Country Coach.  Jason and Daniel have been incredible in diagnosing and repairing every single problem I've had with both coaches:  electrical, refrigerator, slider, and battery. Jason was even able to find a lamp replacement for our front door handle.  Nothing seems to stump them.   In our Country Coach they have changed out our old window shades with new MCD dual shades.  They are only one of two MCD dealers in Arizona, and for my money, they have earned this exclusivity.  I have also bought their preventive maintenance program for my AC, furnace, and other appliances -- a very good value for all the work they do. I recommend making an appointment; I always do, and that way they finish the work in one day.
