1	I'm a big fan of family owned restaurants, especially ethnic, so you can only imagine my excitement when I found a Peruvian restaurant here in the desert.  Sad to say, this is one restaurant I will not be returning to.The food was bland and lacked flavor.  It almost like they ran out of "ALL SPICES" right before we ordered (yes including salt and pepper).  To start of we ordered an appetizer, the Papa a la Huancaina, sliced boiled potato served at room temperature covered with a cold, bland, bright boldish yellowish colored hollandaise/mayonnaise sauce. Let's just say it was a start to a bad meal.For the main course we ordered the Lomo Saltado, generous chunks of beef sauted with onions, tomatoes, and potatoes which sad-to-say was probably the best dish we had.  The dish was uninspiring, something you could find at a sit-down chain restaurant.   Nothing about the dish screamed Central American flavors.We also had the Jalea, a combination of breaded octopus, shrimp, and chunks of fish fillet topped with a Peruvian Salsa (a.k.a. your standard chunky and fresh pico de gallo, (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and lime juice)). I have never in my life had something that was breaded and deep-fried so soggy in my life!!!  The breading was heavy and disgusting.  It also came with the worst plantains I've ever had.  Dry, overcooked, and extremely chewy.  Put it this way, I've had better plantains at Bahama Breeze then this place (yes I said Bahama Breeze).I am not trying to pick on this place.  I swear!!!  But when the owner's brother helps you order and tells you what they are known for and what they make best and they miss horribly?  Well, needless to say I can only imagine what there non-staple dishes taste like.Not to beat up on these nice folks too much.  They place was cute.  The place was painted in a vibrant yellowish/brownish mustard type color, which gave the place a warm and bright feel.  On one wall was a mural of what was to resemble a village in Peru.  The other wall was a collection of trinkets from the native land and of course the flag of Peru.  The servers were extremely nice.  Beware, when you order water, they bring out bottled (and charge you), so if you want tap you need to ask and depending on your Spanish or their lack of English, that may be a challenge. I hate to say this because the place was quaint and the help was friendly, but if you have a craving for Central American and/or Peruvian food, don't waste your money or time here. I'm just going to wait till the next time I'm back east in NY or DC/Northern VA to get real and tasty Peruvian food and I would suggest you do the same.
3	Had the $8.95 lunch buffet, which had a nice array of Peruvian dishes. I stuck with the soup, (white bean with ham that day,) chicken which was stewed in a sauce, rice and beans and the rice with seafood. I also ordered a side of Platinos fritos (delicious sweet plantains!) Rather than having people serve themselves form the buffet, the food is behind a glass and someone serves you whatever you want.  The food was tasty and the waitress was great. They also have a full menu of various dishes that I would go back to try. Most items on the menu are $9 and up.
3	Pales in comparison to the Peruvian food I ate in Port Chester, NY, but unfortunately, it's all we have in AZ.  The food is not bad, but it leaves something to be desired.  I've been here twice, and I don't remember what the dish I had the first time was called, but it was steak, a fried egg, rice, plaintains, and french fries.  It was filling, delicious, and the steak and egg were cooked perfectly (juicy and runny, respectively).  The second time, I had the Jalea, which I was not particularly impressed with.The corn juice beverage is also very good and unique.  If you go, be prepared to spend an hour and a half there.  It sometimes takes awhile to cook the food, and they don't exactly operate at lightning speed.  They're pretty laid back, which, I think, can be a good thing.Their flan is also very good.  They sold me an entire pie for a very reasonable price of $18.Note: Closed Mondays.
4	I remembered the blue corn drink and the fried corn kernels. I vowed to go back the first time because of the two items mention above and finally made it back years later today. I wanted ceviche, so of course I consulted yelp. Then decided to stick with my original plan to revisited Rincon after driving by it the other day. So I ordered the mixed ceviche, fried plantains, the corn drink and flan. Yes alot of food. But wait this $18 to go order could stretch into 3 meals, that is if the ceviche wasn't so good. I ate my first serving while fixing my plate before I sat down to eat. I warmed corn tortillas to go with, what a waste of time. The ceviche comes with a big kernel very starchy corn, yam and potato all of which are simply cooked and were served at room temperature. I really didn't need the tortillas or the plantains...   BUT I love fried plantains and these were good!  The sugar from the fruit carmalized, sticky and tasty.  Are plantains fruit?  OK,  I'm already planning my next visit to Rincon's and to my frig  for round two.       So I already answered the ultimate question.  Would I go back?  Yes tomorrow.   Well more likely next week.  Peace
4	We loved this place!  My daughter and I came here twice last trip and had great food and service both times.  I'm from San Diego and usually figure why order seafood from places that aren't even near the ocean?  But the Seafood Brochette was just wonderful.  I had the Blue Corn Drink the second time I came here and it was very sweet but good.  Unique.Unfortunately when I finally got here this trip I found it to be closed and totally empty.  I was very disappointed.  I had beeen looking forward to coming back here.
