5	$3 dz wings every Wednesday night!!!!!! and they ain't the baby chickens most places use for discounted wings specials.  Then on top of that they have Karaoke, great drink specials, and a amazing staff, with Rigo seeing to everything being perfect for you.  This place has a style that out matches anything in the neighborhood, you must come in and check it out.
2	I am a little confused by the restaurant and unsure if my review should go here or be listed as a new business. The reason for the confusion is the combination of names that exit. My girlfriend said she recently saw a new restaurant called Don Camaron and wanted to take her mom out for her birthday. She gave me the name and the general location, but I was unable to find it on Yelp or other services. Google turned up similarly named restaurants in other places. Ultimately we found the information on Facebook. As we pulled up we noted the sign stated Don Camaron was "Now Open". We pulled into the parking lot of Urban Heat. As I walked toward the restaurant the sign on the sidewalk read Don Camaron, but the name above the door read Urban Heat. Instead the decor had Urban Heat, but also a logo of the Don Camaron shrimp. The menu read Urban Heat (but had the shrimp logo), the paper ring around the napkin read Urban Heat, and upon check out the receipt reads Urban Heat. Perhaps it is going through a transition and it is both places? The waitress that I had was also very new. She didn't seem to understand me well and she was unfamiliar with the food. It appears to be a bar/restaurant, which is how Urban Heat (and the receipt) describe it. The menu included mostly appetizers, tacos, fish, and shrimp. The back page showed multiple types of beer in bottles and draft, but they did not have all of those. One draft they have Bud, Bud Light, Michelob, and "Amber Bock". I asked what Amber Bock and the server did not know. It was either Michelob or Dos X. Either way, it was decent and $2.75 but I received an additional $1.83 discount (maybe happy hour?). There were only maybe 6 other people there besides the 5 of us, so it wasn't a big crowd if it was happy hour.We received chips and salsa first (free). My girlfriend's son ordered a hamburger ($8) and I was surprised how quickly it arrived. It was a good size burger served with a side of fries. It was cooked just a little more well-done that I would have liked. My girlfriend's daughter & mom each ordered the Coco Camaron, which is a coconut with shrimp ceviche and shrimp inside. It also had two whole shrimp with heads, eyes, and legs (yuck) mounted on top of the coconut ($16). My girlfriend went with the fish filet ala plancha that was served with a very tasty side of rice and a nice looking salad. This was a nice-sized portion ($9) and I was a little sad that I hadn't ordered it, but I was afraid it would resemble the fried whole fish that was also shown on the menu (yuck again). Instead I went with the nachos (add carne asada), which was supposed to be $6.99 + $2 for the carne, but it appears I was only charge $6.99). My girlfriend also ordered a shrimp cocktail for $12. Throw in a pina colada for $5.50, a $1.83 bottle of water, and a $1.83 bottle of coke - then my girlfriend's daughter decided she would rather have had a hamburger and fries like her brother (another $8) and soon the bill was $95 for the 5 of us.Some pros - I liked the live Maine lobster claw machine. I don't know if the customer gets to eat the lobster if the claw game picks it up, but it was interesting. The deco was nice, but again with the differences in the name I don't know if that will stay. The fish filet was another highlight of the meal.  Otherwise, the hamburgers were a little too well done, my nachos were just okay (and certainly a much smaller portion than the fish filet plate), the server was unsure of the menu, the beer selection was limited, and I wasn't sure what restaurant I was actually visiting. Whatever restaurant it was (Don Camaron or Urban Heat), I don't think it was $95 good. Maybe if there are some big happy hour specials and the name gets worked out it would be worth revisiting, but right now I don't think so.
3	The place is now called Don Camaron. Their focus is Mexican seafood, however, they still have the wings, but the prices have been raised. I have not tried the new menu so I am not going to rate the food. It is a nice place to bring the family. They have karaoke almost every night of the week, but just a heads up, it is Spanish karaoke.Bartenders are friendly, just not trained on how to make cocktails.
