2	I'm disappointed nearly every time I go here. Store is just too small. Variety sucks, prices suck. Why does it have to be so close??
2	Based on the quick tip I posted: "Check expiration dates :(" You should be able to figure out why I don't love this store. It used to be my regular grocery spot but they have really let things slide, lately. Recently, I was picking up some yogurt (the store brand bartlet pear is one of my favorite flavors!) and found most of what was on the shelf in the flavor I wanted to have expired. NOT GOOD. Especially since the nearby Fry's used to be scary but it's not any more. Not to mention there's a Fresh & Easy and an AJs across the street.Come on Safeway... don't relegate my business to watching for Coke products to be on sale!
4	I buy pills here.
2	The area is sort of run down and the store looks to be in a similar state. Some Safeways are incredible, although expensive. Good thing we only needed a few items. On a positve note, there were cart wipes which were definately required. Ick!
2	I'm The Duke of one of the worst Safeway's in town?This is the closest grocery to my home.  I've been going here for years.  It serves it's purpose but it's by no means glamorous.  If you need the bare necessities this will suit you just fine, otherwise I'd go across the street to AJ's!
3	Iv'e been here a few times. Just about everything here is pricey. If you shop at Fry's or Target Or.... Even Walmart you will save quite a bit of money. The shops a little bit older but its clean.
5	I LOVE my neighborhood Safeway.  Its not one of the big superstores but I can always count on a friendly, helpful staff.  My JustforYou coupons really help on savings.  My last trip in (I think I live there) I was looking for a 20 lb. turkey.  Sean, one of the managers, can always tell when I look perplexed.  He told me that they normally don't stock their frozen turkeys till November. With the Jewish holidays being very early this year, I needed it soon.  He told me to check back on my next visit.  Sure enough, they came walking up with a beautiful 20 lb. Safeway turkey for me.  Now that is customer service!  Thanks again, Sean.  Now, I need gefilte fish!
5	I really love Safeway.  Their prices are sometimes more expensive than other grocery stores, but I can always depend on Safeway stores being clean, bright and have friendly service.  The employees there are always so nice and helpful.  They seem like they enjoy working there.  I also love their Just4U app that gives extra discounts and even freebies!  It's a good way for me to try new things that I normally wouldn't.
2	I really enjoy shopping here.  Thank you
3	There is nothing special about this store.  It is long overdue for an updating in the inside.  It is an old ABCO store that we really loved.   Most of the other Safeway stores in the 5-10 mile area have been completely renovated.  This store has not been touched in the 25 years that we have been living in the area.  Also, much more expensive than Fry's Food and Drug.  Can you just add a small coffee shop or eat in deli?
2	I called my favorite , friendly,  local Safeway Store tonight 8/23/14 at approx 8:PM and reported my formal complaint to the store manager on duty(who said his name was Al) that my wife who was purchasing groceries observed a white male mid to late forties,  6-6.3 ft tall dressed in a black tee shirt and black shorts standing outside the store as she entered . When she exited with her grocery cart  she was approached by this same white male who approached her "Panhandling " by asking her for money. When he saw me pull the car up to where she was standing he quickly went into the store.  Shortly after arriving home I called the store manager and told him what we observed and reminded him that  his customers should not have to be subjected to being solicited in his parking lot when they visit his store and he agreed.  I want to compliment Al for his empathy regarding our experience. Also, I appreciated Al's apologetic tone reflecting his concern and we look forward to seeing tangible evidence of  his promise to investigate and correct what I suspect has been an ongoing problem before our next weekly visit.
3	I do shop at this store often due to the convenience, But as others have shared, it is not my main choice for all my shopping. It's like every other time I go in there, I have to keep an eye on the cashiers due to them mis-charging for this or that and when you point it out, they act like it's a problem or like there's something wrong with you. But like I say, for convenience purposes only... I do pick up a few things from there, The other thing I feel, is they Need a total store upgrade/renovation! It's an Old store.
1	Terrible customer service all the time. The liquor department manager who is at the counter in the morning takes a very long time for simple transactions. She frequently takes a long time and completely ignores the next person in line, not explaining what's happening, or acknowledging them. They don't open up other registers, they are not helpful when you ask for things. I hate having to go to this store.
