4	Not a bad location at all - parking is decent, lines are rarely long, many of the staff are quite good, and they have a gift registry.  I've had a few problems with the registry (ran out of paper and the employee thought I was some old guy who can't figure out technology).  Prices are high for things like furniture, especially rockers/gliders.  Diapers are actually priced well here, perhaps as a loss-leader to get you into the store.
2	It's very hard to find staff help when you need it.  When I receive coupons for this place there is a LONG LIST of excluded merchandise that I can't use the coupon.....diapers, formula, bedding, food.......  The prices are also just meh....I can find the stuff cheaper at Target.
3	Prices on baby clothes are lower at Target.  That having been said, in terms of raw selection for things like strollers, and other baby related stuff, probably pretty hard to beat Babies R US.  Of course if you do beat a baby, you are sick and should be put in jail.
3	The prices are way better at Target but you can't beat the selection at Babies R Us. They have EVERYTHING you could possibly need and with a name like Babies R Us, this is a good thing. :) They have beautiful nursery themes and the merchandise is very good quality. The clothing is gorgeous but honestly, I can't justify spending that much on clothes my baby will grow out of in about a month. They are very generous with coupons which would be nice if they were for stuff I could actually use. And frankly, even with the coupons, the prices are better at Target.
3	Love the staff. We've done two registries here and both times were fun and easy. I love this place and the quality of the products, but it's WAY too expensive for a young family. I'd say I could go to walmart, but I'd much rather go to other mothers.
1	Worst store of any kind ever. There was one girl working at the guest service counter (she was the only one that was actually doing something), but the other 2 male employees were not helpful at all. One was on an obviously personal phone call and seemed to be annoyed that a customer might need some help, the other tried to help but had no knowledge of the products that were in the store.  We never did find what we were looking for, but were going to purchase some other items.  When we went to check out there were no cashiers, we waited for 10 minutes while the staff goofed off.  We never were able to check out.  When we left the products on the counter and started to leave they told us to have a nice day, they were oblivious to the fact that they lost a sale..Can't believe that a store with such incompetent and rude staff is still in business.
1	After receiving a HUGE box of Huggies diapers size 4 at my baby shower, I was thankful to the gift giver. It wasn't until my daughter outgrew size 4's and I went into the storage closet to see the box of unused diapers, I freaked!! So I went to BBRus to exchange the size from a box of 4's to a box of 5's and they wouldn't allow me to exchange because it was over the 90 day "return window." I wasn't trying to get money from them, I wasn't trying to exchange it for something completely different...I only wanted to exhange sizes. After some back and forth with the cashier, I asked what he thought I should do with a 220-ct. box of diapers that I can't use and his response was, "I don't know, give it to a friend." He wasn't trying to be understanding and they couldn't just exchange a size. Walmart and Target are VERY accomodating for returns/exchanges. I also feel like I'm always jumping through hoops to try and use a coupon from them. They have SO MANY exclusions: Diapers, wipes, strollers, cribs, formula, carseats, bedding, anything your baby may need in it's life span. You can use the coupon basically on a tub of "baby puffs." I feel like I waste so much time there when I'm looking for items on the registry for friends, because items are always scattered, discontinued, or wrong. (i.e. Pink pacifiers for my friend who is having a baby boy.) It's possible that they could have made that mistake, but who doesn't go look at their registry online once it's created?? She would have noticed pink pacifiers on there. I had another friend who said that BBRUs would add crap to their registry, and delete stuff as well. It's almost never busy there, however I find myself waiting for staff members to help me either find something, or check out. Someone stated in a previous post that they waited 10 minutes for a cashier to come, and I really feel like I am always waiting as well for someone to come over and check me out. I refuse to have a baby registry here, and I cringe everytime I have to go here to get an item off of a friend/family member's registry!
1	Terrible, terrible customer service at this location.  I wanted to buy a stroller (~$260) for my daughter but could not take it home right away.  I asked if I could leave the stroller there until she could pick it up next Saturday.  The clerk checked with her manager and rudely told me that under the store policy I could leave it their for 3 to 4 days, but they would make this ONE exception and I could never do that again.  And if I didn't pick it up at that time, they...at which time I cut her off and said I would not be buying it nor would I ever purchase an item in that store again.  Then I let the manager know the same.  I buy there all the time, but I guess they don't need my business.
3	The Babies R Us in Ann Arbor/Ypsilanti had a 'wrap your own' station - at least they did years ago.  This location did not and it would be a huge plus if they did, since MOST of their business comes from registry shopping!  Come on!   Slightly over priced with an ok selections.  I tend to believe that if it's on a registry, then all stores need to carry those items.  The store map didn't help, at all.  They claim to be a Superstore, but seemed to not carry half the items on my sister's registry.  The workers were helpful and nice.  They give you coupons at check out for the coming week or month to keep you coming back.  I still managed to spend $300 on stuff they did have in stock.  I guess I should be thankful they didn't have some items after all.
3	They care a lot of organic baby food and that is why I go there. I wish they would get that speaker fixed so the music is not so annoyingly static. Everyone is very helpful. Except for one guy that will remain nameless and didn't know how to use the computer so I had to do it for him.
1	This elderly customer service guy by the name of "BOB" is extremely rude to customers. He yelled at me just because I asked him couple of questions he didn't have answer for. He really insulted me in front of huge line of customers. When I asked him for his manager he rudely replied I don't want to help you anyways! lol  Luckily there was this other employee next to him, she took over and had an excellent customer service and personality. She took care of me and answered all of my questions accordingly. Thank you Bobby. Keep an eye on this fella "BOB". Try avoiding him as much as you can! This guy hates his job.
