4	Ahhhh food so good! But it takes forever to cook it! But Atleast I know it's not being microwaved and served in 3min. So it's worth the wait!
2	This place just opened in this area, and i was excited and looked forward to what they are famous for, their wings. I ordered 50 wings, they were ready in less than 10 minutes, and didn't taste well. The wings were soggy, seemed microwaved and for 50 wings, ranch given was not enough. Hopefully going forward they can improve the service and food.
2	Tried the 2 things most recommended by the girl who answered.Pizza and some Pastrami sandwich.The pizza was doughy and very bland and the sandwich was stuffed full of dy pastrami on what tasted like stale bread.This is last resort food at its finest. I hear the wings are good, maybe thats the only thing worth getting.
5	The chicken wings were awesome!  And the hotdog was great for the price.  It came with fries for only $3.50.   Great for the price.  Used the wing meat the next day for a crostini topped with a red bellpepper gouda and meat from the leftovers!  It was a good meal at a reasonable price!
2	I was excited when I saw this place was opening because its closer than Marcia's Long Wongs which is where my family and I usually go. I put in our usual order and was very disappointed! Everything thing tasted "soggy". The wings were not very good and the fries were soft, soggy and not very good at all. I'm not giving them a 3 star or higher because I think they have a lot of improving to do.
4	I have eaten here twice now and both times the food was very good.  I had the steak sandwich,  my son had the patty melt and I have also tried one of their hot dogs before. The fries and the onion rings were both fresh and tasty. Maybe I just have gotten lucky,  but I have nothing bad to say.
1	I've eaten here about 6-7 times.On a few occasions they can be reasonable.But far too often the wings taste like left overs which were microwaved from the previous day.Quality is not important to this restaurant.
1	Went in to order something they show on their online menu only to have them tell me that they no longer make that item. Hmmmmm. Not impressed on previous visits either. Won't be back.
1	The food here seems like it is pre-cooked.  Always dry or overcooked.  Maybe even microwaved???  Wings are awful.  They cook way too many in advance.  Hot dogs are always burnt and over done.  I asked the cashier if their onions rings were home made.  She said she did not know what that meant.  I told her it meant they peeled, cut them and battered them in the restaurant and deep fried them.  She stated yeah, we cook them here so yes they are home made.  No IDIOT, that is not home made.  Food seems to run well when management is there but when the cat is away the mice really do not give rat's ass about the food or the customers.
5	Great wings,sandwiches, pizzas and more!! They bring your food to you! Can't say that for any of the fast food spots!!!!
4	I mean it's a pizza joint; after reading some of the reviews I am keeping in mind it's a classic pizza spot. That being said I like it, the food has flavor.  It's always hot, and I be never experienced a super long wait. The counter girl is so awesome; we have a large family and she always makes sure we get the most bang for our buck. give it a Philly thumbs up! Disclaimer: I don't know how respected my Philly thumbs up is in the Desert but I still like them!
