1	This woman running the show (PJ?) is non-responsive and does not care about her customers or her business.  She put her company out on Groupon, and then became non-responsive so that people have a difficult time USING the certificate.  She requires people to order online using her system, so the customer has no verification that the order was placed, no record of the email being sent, etc.  Then, when the order is not fulfilled, she just says "We did receive the order".When I did finally get my order placed, I was extremely disappointed upon picking up the cupcakes I had ordered.  They looked like a 5 year old frosted them, and did not at all resemble the pretty cupcakes in the pictures on the website.  In addition, the writing that I requested on the cupcakes was not done.  They just dont care.  Avoid this bakery and go someplace that actual values their customers.
4	I am VERY picky about my cake and cupcakes. I have been to Sprinkles, Let Them Eat Cake, Cake Cafe, Scratch, Honeymoon Sweets, Robert's Catering... basically all the cake places in Phoenix, and this one is my favorite thus far. Many places decorate cakes well (not that difficult to do), but the cake itself tastes boring. You might be shocked by this, but many cake places in town used box mixes. The baker at La Dolce Pesca creates each cake from scratch. I called and asked the owner PJ to make me a cake to take to my friend's baby shower. The only requirement I had was that it tastes great and is decorated well. She made an white cake with strawberries and Bavarian cream filling which was fantastic! The cake was decorated with a Superman theme and was the biggest hit at the party. What I appreciate the most about this local bakery is that the owner came in on a Sunday so I could pick the cake up right before the baby shower. Great cake and great customer service!
4	YUMMY!!!!I used a Groupon for this and was definitely pleased. I got a mix, or "bakers choice" of 12 different cupcakes.They were delish!I have sampled many cupcakes in town and these guys are my favorite! The cake is moist and the frosting is not overwhelming, like a lot of places.
5	La Dolce Pesca has the most beautiful and best tasting cakes and pastries out there! PJ is so incredibly talented, she has an eye for style and sophistication. You will not be sorry you picked her for your event!
3	I had a groupon for a dozen mixed cupcakes. They  were ordered a few days in advanced. No problem. Picked up today- they were very Good. :)
5	We were married July 6, 2013 and our cake was made by La Dolce Pesca. My husband is a cake and cupcake fanatic and I'm very picky about my buttercream, so it goes without saying that we were hard to please when it came to a wedding cake. We tasted so many cakes at other places and nothing was as delicious as the cake and frosting from La Dolce Pesca.  We were lucky enough to order our cake from La Dolce Pesca and PJ, the owner, met with us to taste cake and discuss flavors and appearance.  Our wedding cake was delicious and it looked just as beautiful as we had imagined.  L a Dolce Pesca made our cake dreams come true! We highly recommend La Dolce Pesca for all of your cake desires!
4	La dolce pesca has the best cupcakes !! The gingerbread ones are my favorite :)! I would def recommend this place to my friends and family !
5	We had our wedding cake from here. It was perfect! Everyone loved the pink champagne flavor, which PJ won culinary festival last year.  We had a beautiful 4 tier and they coordinate with the venue and it was flawless. Would highly recommend and the cake was talked about as one of the best wedding cakes ever!
5	Absolutely amazing cakes and baked goods! PJ designed a beautiful wedding cake and it was absolutely delicious! I can't give enough praises to this bakery! Her cakes are so good we ended up buying one for our rehearsal dinner! If you are looking for a great bakery and a personable small business owner, you found it!
