4	Comedians were hilarious! But my gf was told there would be playmates... Maybe from 10 years ago but not any girls worth a second glance. Drinks were average Vegas prices and seating was great for VIP ticket price ( we got to pick our seats)
1	I know funny and this ain't it! The worst "comedy show" I have seen since Louie Anderson (see review). Wow, we would have gotten up and left but were stuck in the middle of a row 15 chairs deep on each side, ugh. The seating is horrible, uncomfortable chairs crammed together in rows so that you are on top of each other and stuck once seated. This one woman that crossed over us twice obviously had a bladder problem or was bored out of her mind as well!Don't get drinks unless you just won a jackpot and could care less that a drink will run you $15-25. The comic line up does vary by week. Pretty much whoever will take the gig at that moment in time, mostly comics who don't work very often. On my night was a bunch of no names that I had never heard of. This night the theme was fat jokes. Don't waste your time or money.
3	This place was just Okay.. look very nice inside for a comedy club. But the host comic, the opener and the headliner were all just okay nothing special. We went in with high hopes for the show as it had the playboy name attached to it and were a little let down. It is a comedy club and comics travel through weekly but the comics working the week we were there were funny but not as funny as we would have expected. I have seen better comics at the local improve then the ones at Playboy. No food service so eat before you go. And they sorta have a full bar they will not make mixed drinks because they say it distracts the comedians, They wont even make them before the show starts. The show was just okay, we went to sin city comedy club on out last trip to Vegas and saved some money and had a better time.
5	This was the best comedy club in Las Vegas, without question, and is now rebranded Empire Comedy in its new location of the Napoleon Lounge @ Paris Las Vegas. Yes, there were supposed to be Playboy playmates (only ones I noticed were not very mobile in giant posters on the walls). Yes, the line of sights were not perfect if you arrived late and was seated all the way in the back. No, you are not normal if you went to ANY set here from the Cort McCown-curated mini-residences and found them unfunny. One particular show will always stick out in my head and it was one that coincided with a UFC event that was held in The Pearl. After a few of the regular openers performed, quite competently as always, some of the Deathsquad members started being surprise guesting, like Ari Shaffir, Joe Rogan (who went on for like a fucking hour!) and legendary Dom Irrera. Yes, the same Dom Irrera that is on the Comedy Central's top 100 stand-up comedians of ALL-TIME list. Uh, how the fuck can one be jaded after that experience? When I started reading in the RJ that Playboy Comedy was going away, I got pretty disappointed. Luckily, it was rebranded, quite abruptly and without much fanfair, to another property and seemingly the headliners started being heavier names that brought in more asses to the seats. Dom Irrera was brought in again to headline his own nights at Empire Comedy, where we went to see him again. Cort McCown is doing a great thing here with Playboy/Empire Comedy, and anyone who says otherwise cannot be trusted in regards to reviewing comedy because they probably will never like any stand-up, incl. but not limited to most of Absinthe, and yet are probably gigantic fans of 'The Cable Guy' Lenny or whatever-the-fuck his name is. - E Postscript. Like all Vegas shows that I have been to, there is no compulsory REQUIREMENT to buy drinks like you may find in other comedy clubs in the country, e.g. LA, Phoenix.
