4	Reasonably priced Illini gear with a friendly staff.  The items seemed to be decent quality too.
1	This place is horrible.  The service is very rude.  They refused to put letters on a shirt for me because I had my own letters, even though I would have paid for the service.  It was a really weird experience.
5	Ok I know what you're thinking, "what is a person from Seattle doing reviewing a shop in Urbana?". Well here we go. My husband is from Champaign-Urbana and we are both Fightin' Illini fans (he by birth, me by marriage). We can't buy Illini gear in Seattle so we had to go in search of somewhere we COULD. Te'Shurt was the answer to our prayers! They have a website we can order our things from and they are always delivered in a timely manner for reasonable shipping. We have the Battle in Seattle coming up this weekend and we were in need of some fresh Orange hoodies to rep our team in style so to the Te'Shurt.com site we went. Ordered our hoodies and asked to have them delivered fast so we could get them in time for the game. Got a call the next day from Michelle and she was super friendly as she quoted the new price and told me I could think it over and email her back. I did and we are eagerly awaiting our sweatshirts that will be here in Seattle tomorrow, just in time for the BIG GAME on Saturday! Go Fightin' Illini and thank you Te'Shurt! We will be ordering again soon as all our kids want sweatshirts too!
4	I was never in a frat, never had any custom shirts made - none of that stuff. So I'm not the target audience here. But they are one of the few places left to get Chief apparel. Namely, hoodies with enormous embroidered Chief patches front and center (although they sounded like a "when they're gone, they're gone" sort of deal, from what the girl tending shop said). Chief apparel of any sort is enough to make me a fan.From what I can see, they don't carry a lot of licensed apparel, though - none of the Nike stuff, for certain, but I didn't even see a ton of "official NCAA merchandise" tags hanging around, so if you're looking for that sort of thing, you might be better at Gameday.
5	Awesome. They may be kind of small but they have made many great custom T-shirts for me even when I asked for them in a short amount of time. I haven't found anyone on the Internet yet that has made shirts at the same quality and speed as Te Shurt. It might be a bit more expensive than some places, but the quality of their lettering and presentation makes it worth the extra money.
5	The service I have received from Te Shurt has been great. I have done a couple group orders here and the woman I worked with was more than accommodating. I've requested orders on such a short time span and she worked with me to make sure everything I wanted was produced. The quality of the custom printed shirts are superior to other printers on campus. You won't feel like you have a shield of armor on your chest if you have a big design that uses a lot of ink. Some of the girls who work at the registers are idiots but what can you expect from a simple t-shirt shop. If you are ordering shirts and you are polite, reasonable, and know what you want you shouldn't have a problem. That's life for ya.
