3	It's Western-wear heaven for the city slicker at this cavernous temple to Wranglers, stetson hats, and Justin boots.  What was I doing here, you ask?  Turns out my buddy is gittin hitched - and he's havin a country weddin.  He's gonna git 'er done!!Fair prices and huge selections of Wranglers, button-up shirts, and hundreds of boots (work and cowboy) for men, women and kids.  Workers are friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Oh Cowtown Boots, I love you. You get five stars. You get five stars for no other reason than that you had my red boots, the red boots i couldn't find anywhere around San Francisco (duh, self, did you really think you'd find an extensive selection of cowboy boots in San Francisco??). You get five stars because I couldn't even get those boots through the manufacturer for like a year, no joke. Backordered. You get five stars because you had TWO PAIRS. "Do you have them in a 6 1/2?" "Um... yeah two pairs." Oh that's... wait what? Two pairs! vs. a year! Two pairs wins! F*ck yeah!!You get five stars because you are a boot warehouse... a boot COUNTRY... maybe even a BOOT CONTINENT. You made me want to be a cowgirl. You made me want to be a redneck. You made me want MORE BOOTS (but not your gross cowboy clothes). I'm probably like, the youngest, least conservative person to ever shop there, but YOU HAD MY RED BOOTS. And now IIIII have them. And I am so pleased.And for that you get five stars.
5	Cowtown Boots has the biggest and best selection of cowboy/girl/children boots I've seen yet. Came here on the recommendation of a lovely saleslady in Cave Creek (I balked at the $400 boots her store was selling) and am so glad! There are soooo many different kinds of boots in terms of brand, styles (pointy toe, round toe, square toe, snipped toe), shaft heights (short to tall), colors (pink to purple to blue to normal shades of brown and black), and prices (saw some pairs for as low as $80). The men's section is giant however the ladies' section is definitely better than what I've seen at stores in Cave Creek or Saba's. The sales people were nice and left me alone when I needed (a lot of) time to make a decision but also were able to chime in with information on different brands & fit. The store also had a pretty large selection of straw cowboy hats & men's belts.If you are looking for a pair of cowboy boots, this is definitely the store for you! I love the pair I got from here.
1	ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! I had purchased a pair of boots there for my daughter, and the bottom completely separated from the boot. The boots were still in great condition, but the manager refused to merely exchange them for the same pair off the shelf. They were also very disengaged as if they didn't care about losing a customer due to  a minor issue. I asked for and spoke to the regional manager who also was very unprofessional and unwilling to help me. Again, I only wanted an exchange. I finally got the Owners number in El Paso, and I could not believe when he stated to me that the paltry 38.00 I spent on my daughter's boots was too much to simply exchange without a receipt! WOW! The 200 I spent on my Ariates I guess meant nothing! I told the owner forget about it, they lost a customer forever. I'm NEVER going back, and I'm headed to Saba's. a much better store with higher quality boots and MUCH better customer service! I feel sad that the owner Joe, doesn't understand how important customer retention is. No wonder their stores look run down, and their "customer service" is non-existent, and the worst I've ever experienced!
1	Worst customer service ever got there at closing time all ready had my boots picked out just had to pay for them... glad this happened tho I have a party of 14 in my wedding that needed boots Def won't be coming back
1	Sold us a pair of expensive Lucchese boots that turned out to be factory defects, stamped on the inside was FD, they did not disclose this. Buyers beware!
5	Help full staff had some questions on what type of boot would fit me and they asked a few basic easy to answer questions and there they were the perfect boots and man do I love these boots
5	After reading negative reviews about this place I had to go in to see if it was true. I have to say I had some issues with the boots I bought that the staff addressed in a friendly and professional manner. Great selection of great boots. If you are unsure of something ask questions before you buy. Overall I would recommend this business to a friend.
3	After a week long search for 13EE boot. My journey ended here. Must have had over 1000 boots and the place was huge with cloths and all kinds of non cowboy related merchandise. I was left to my lonesome as I tried on about 8 pair before I found the only one's that actually fit like I'd had them for years. I was expecting to pay way more than I did. Nice place, but the employees need to actually notice the customers!
3	This place is large and do they have boots. The racks were never ending with plenty of choices even for the picky buyer.  I browsed about and evidently I was too picky. Nothing i liked or wanted. The rack against the wall has the discounted boots good prices on them also. I continued to browse the store and not once was i approached by an employee but that's okay. I did find a couple of shirts I liked, price was right so that was it. Decent store lots of stuff. If you need help you have to find them.
