2	We went here for my  husband's birthday with a bunch of friends and I was disappointed. Although it was a Saturday night, the place was still quite empty when we arrived around 7pm and it still took a half hour to get our drinks--which were nothing special! Getting our food was also a drawn out process!  The service was slow, and I mean S-L-O-W! We ordered a mix of probably 60 sushi pieces--which were good, but I've had better...much better. Therefore we won't be returning. I don't recommend this place for true sushi lovers, this place is average at best.
3	Sercice was extremely slow, but it was on mother's day. Sushi were ok., have eaten better!
4	Go there a lot for lunch.  Tasty sushi lunch special that come with a very good soup.  Not so sure about the other items on the menus.  I had a udon soup but that was not very good.  Stick with the sushi.
4	This is the best sushi restaurant  in Montreal. They have 3 locations but my favorite is in Laval. The service is great and the quality of the food is always fresh and very tasty. The Mikasa roll and the Lobster roll are a must. Definitely make a trip here whether it's for lunch or dinner.
4	Good place for sushi. Service was very good, Had two servers greet us as soon as we entered. Our food was prepared very fast, and their presentation was one of the best I've seen. Oh, and the female servers & bartenders are very attractive as well!
4	Super ambiance, super accueil et d'excellent sushi. Je pense que j y retournerais souvent!
5	My top two criteria for any review are quality of food and level of service and Mikasa excels in both.  This is easily one of the better sushi places I've been to and all of the rolls we tried were outstanding.  It's definitely a little on the pricier side, but you get what you pay for.The level of service here goes above and beyond what I would ever expect from any restaurant.  I went in with a group of coworkers, most of which are not traditionally sushi eaters.  Our waitress made the entire experience effortless by taking care of all of our ordering for us.  We agreed to let her pick out a variety of rolls, and she brought them to the table one at a time for the table to share.  The pace and variety were perfect.  She did an excellent job describing what was in each one, and each roll was delicious.  I can't remember ever getting this level of accommodation in a restaurant, and it was greatly appreciated by the entire group.I will happily come back here again and do the same thing.
5	I feel as if its so rare that I can go somewhere and give them a 5 star review. Service and quality seems to be lacking these days and I'm sure places will start shutting down soon because of it, however Mikasa is NOT one of those places.We tried some of their sushi creations at Fetes Gourmand in Laval in August so one night my husband and I wanted to go out. The sushi maker (I'm sure there is a much more technical term for him) recognized us so we sat at the sushi bar to chat a bit.We ordered off the menu and then asked the sushi maker to go ahead and just make us a few rolls of whatever he recommends that I hadn't already ordered.Everything we ate was to die for. The flavor combinations were just out of this world, the presentation of the food was beautiful, and the staff was friendly and attentive.  One of my favorite things that we had was something that was not on the menu, it was a salmon rose, in an oyster shell with rice, lobster, and a few other goodies that was torched (yes with a blow torch) for a nice burnt flavor... all the textures, flavors, and colors were just too incredible. I would go back just for that!This place gets a 5 star review and they will see me again soon! :)Oh and you know how sushi sucks the next day? Not Mikasa sushi, it still held up and tasted just as fresh as the night before.
4	Very good sushi, fresh and very well presented, lunch combo is of good value and very reasonably priced. Sashimi is fresh and tasty, nigiri had a thick piece of fresh fish, rice well cooked not mushy and not hard, maki had a good balance of fish/sea food to other ingredients (tempura, rice, vegetables and fruits), i tried also the shrimp tempura , big shrimps and vegetables, well battered and cooked as it should. House salad was delicious, maybe one of the best Japanese style house salad i ever had, miso soup was full of flavour and generously portioned. Lovely decor, reflect the style of food. I was disappointed with the service, slow and waitress is not very welcoming, not bad service but not impressive. Prices are ok for the quality sushi your getting. I would definitely come back. Definitely recommend it.
