1	Very nice new Hospital and the staff is actualy pretty nice, but .......Even though there was not very much going on because I checked in my wife and she was quickly seen, but the staff seemed very unorganized, we got a visit from the Dr and he asked what was wrong and he checked her, told her what was wrong and what meds he would give her and he was on his way, but then another Medic came in, asked the same questions "What's wrong?, what brings you here?" and then he went on his way. Then another medic came in and same questions, then a nurse came in and same questions, and then another .... I kid not we had to explain to at least 8 people what was wrong, 3 nurses entered some info into the system and each time one of them came in they woud keep asking and asking, it's like there is no communication between them and it's like none of them had anything else to do so they would see "Oh someone is in that room over there I better go and look and act like I am busy doing something".Again, it looked ike not many people were being tended to and they still held us for over 2 hours, I understand they had to keep my wife for some time just to make sure she wasn't coming back again but the Dr that visited us first told us it wasn't anything serious and he would give her some meds for it, but yet it took 2+ hours for it.I am never, ever, ever, coming back, now I understand why it was so "empty" when we came in, I guess other people knew about what we went through.
1	I took my dad to this hospital and the staff were really nice. We were in the ER due to him having some food stuck in his esophagus. We were here for 6 hours total. During the first 3 hours all they did was give him 2 shots of medicine to try to relax the muscle and a small can of ginger ale that seemed not to work so they then went in and took an X ray or Ct scan to see where the food was lodged at. They then said he would have to have surgery to have it removed. They then removed it. We just got the bill in and it was 35000.00 dollars for being there for 6 hours. This 35000.00 was separate from the anesthesiologist charge of 1800.00 dollars and the dr that did the surgery which charged only 300.00 dollars. My complaint here is how can they charge 35000.00 for an ER visit and a Ct scan and 2 shots and a can of ginger ale. Also my girlfriend was there recently and was charged 45000.00 for a day and a half spent in there which they never found out what was wrong and i ended up taken her to gilbert mercy hospital 2 days later where they found she had spinal meningitis. I will never ever go back to this hospital it just charges way to much
4	I had a great experience at Florence Hospital. Pros: 1. Quick door to doctor (I didn't even sit down and I was already talking to a doctor).2. Very helpful staff3. Portable X-Ray machine is very convenient 4. Doctors are knowledgeable and presented the correct diagnosisCons:1. They are out of network, and considered a private hospital. (Not an issue in the event of an emergency, but something to take into consideration)
