5	I've been seeing Dr. Shelton for a little over 2 years now and I'm very happy with the care and advice he has given me.  It's not all that often that I go see the doctor, but when I do it's a good experience with him and the staff from the Mecklenburg Medical Group.My previous doctor was pretty good as well... but a little too good.  It was really hard to get an appointment with him when/if I needed one so I sought out a new doctor.  Luckily I came upon Dr. Shelton.The office is located in Southpark so it's pretty convenient from most places in Charlotte.  Parking is never an issue.I did have to get used to e-prescriptions.  I guess I'm old skool in that I expect a little piece of paper to take to my Pharmacy... but they just send it electronically and the prescription is waiting for me when I get there.  Not that Dr. Shelton is one to dispense pills to treat you, but we discuss the options and it feels like I make an informed choice whenever I visit this doctor's office.Dr. Shelton is a part of CMC and have a vast network of Doctors to pull expertise from as well.  I've had a couple referrals and they turned out great.
5	6 yelp Stars *** ***Doctor Shelton is my favorite Doctor of all time!  Doctor Shelton is a true Professional. He has a great table side manner.  Today I had my third Physical Exam with Dr. Shelton!  When you are going under the glove, through the glove, on top of the glove and around the glove, it sure is great to have a Physician who is gentle, caring and what impresses me most is that he is concerned about my future health.  Every year I gain more weight and the first year I was "overweight" each time he sees me I'm tipping the scales at a higher number.  I told him I had just started a diet next week, uh, hu, I, I, mean last week (I start a diet about 49 times a year, I'm great at starting something).  Dr. Shelton looked totally incredulous (probably hears this from every overweight patient every day).  Here is the big difference though - Dr. Shelton will not sugar coat it and Dr. Shelton is LEAN (he is in great physical condition himself) he is setting a great example.  Who of us has had an overweight Doctor tell us that we need to lose weight and aren't we kinda looking at them, saying ahhhh yeah I know?  I know I do!  Dr. Shelton is FIT!!!If you looking for a Doctor, or are not emphatically impressed with your current Doctor, I highly recommend Dr. G. Ryan Shelton!
1	I will never go back!!  Ryan and his office staff are terrible!!!
