4	Let me preface this post by saying that most veterinarians relate better to animals than their human owners, so try not to be turned-off by a vet that seems a bit cold, etc. This advice applies to any vet you meet, not just those at Spring Harbor...So, Spring Harbor is especially known for Dr Link, who, as I understand it, is known for his work on larger-dogs particularly with hip displaysia. He was not our vet, so I don't know what he's like.This clinic is also popular among the showing/breeding set (I mean real breeders- those that compete in dog shows and whose litters are spoken for before they're born, not the people who have unplanned litters born in their basements and then try to sell them). This makes me think that the staff is used to dealing with showdog families. I'm not one of them, but have my own dog and usually a foster and am also pretty knowledgeable myself.Our doctor has been very attentive, but we have had pretty ordinary, general health check-ups and vaccinations. When I did have a brief health scare with a foster dog, the doctor was really helpful in trying to squeeze me in for a visit, and e-mailed too. In general, I continue with this clinic and vet because I know their facilities are quite complete, our vet is responsive to me and my dogs, and will get back to me and try to get my pet in to see him, even if it's a Saturday. I think their prices are pretty average for an advanced pet clinic in Madison, and quite a bit cheaper than our vet was in Chicago!
5	My dog suffered from severe allergies for years before Dr. Sanftleben suggested a regimen that worked wonders. She was able to diagnose problems all the other vets had missed. I'm really glad we remembered that our breeder recommended Spring Harbor- just wish we had taken her there first.My dog had a medical chart a mile long and Dr. Sanftleben read through all of it.  That level of research sounds standard but was not the case at other vets in the area.Another big plus is that we're always able to get in on short notice if there's something wrong with our dog.I can't imagine taking my dog anywhere else.
3	Spring Harbor has changed direction since my previous review.  Dr sondel was my reason for being there.  He is gone.  Not a bad place, but not the best anymore.
4	This place is very nice. The lobby is wonderful and they are always able to get me in quickly. They are nice and respectful to both me and my pet. I see Dr. Sondel and he is very personable and knowledgeable. They are great about sending reminders for when my pet is due for something. The only thing is it is a bit expensive, but I only want the best for my pet so I pay it.
5	Dr. Santfleben went above and beyond the call of duty to get a prescription refilled for my dog. Including calling 2 pharmacies, advocating for me when one pharmacy didn't fill the prescription correctly. I could have been left with a $90 pharmacy bill for the wrong medicine.  She is wonderful!
5	I've used this clinic now for 4 dogs (& a fifth next week) that needed OFA x-rays. They were fast, caring, efficient and my dogs felt safe with the tech. Dr. Sondel is so helpful and knowledgeable. I also took a dog in for some tests related to breeding and he was thorough in his exam, and spot on with his diagnosis. I am now taking another new dog up there even though this is a 1 hr. and 15 min. drive for me. It's worth it! I also think their prices are really sensible and I feel like I definitely got my money's worth. The x-ray he took to tell me how many puppies my dog would have were accurate too. Love the digital x-rays they can do. I've recommended them to several friends now and they have all thanked me for the referral since they liked the service as well. When I need to change appointments due to my busy schedule, they are so helpful and never make me feel bad for doing it. Love this clinic!!
5	My cat was in a tough spot when I found  Dr. Pamela Sanftleben ( "Pamela" she asked me to call her ) .I found her looking at some reviews on the internet done with people with actual profiles not anonymous ones.I was so impressed. The level of professionalism, warmth compassion and skilled knowledge I have found here. I would say the last attribute was most important to me because my cat was being treated for months and not getting well. Pamela knew how to attack the issue right away. She even saved ME! I had been cutting my cat's thyroid meds to save time through a very short conversation  with her she asked if I have been having thyroid issues.  MY GOD I WAS SHUTTING DOWN MY OWN THYROID BY PUTTING THOSE MEDS IN MY MOUTH! And looking back how did she figure everything out so fast?  She does this amazing Sherlock Holmes thing. Lots of wisdom in this doctor. TONS. She is so kind and wow they are fast about returning calls and emails lightening fast !She gives very exact directions for things to do with the medicines and the future care past the visit you are in with her now... Prices are VERY fair less than I was paying anywhere else.  I want to pay when I am getting the right treatment and I got a twofer me and the cat! I was so deeply impressed when she took my cat's face and gazed into his eyes and he suddenly relaxed all over and she taked to him like I do ! She knows how to manage the health as well as the social and emotional aspects of my cat :) My cat stopped meowing traumatized when we got there and never made a peep after. The waiting room is super big and super nice and relaxing...The building is a little hard to find with construction but please if you are questioning where to go or what to do next please try Spring Harbor! --
5	Just finished my third visit here-- I was even more impressed how Dr. Pamela Sanfleben is now bonded with my cat better than I am !! She needed him out of his container and I was just going to reach in and pull him out . She stopped me and said " let's make this a good experience for him - it's like a natural birth v.s. a cesarian". I notice when I say we are going to the VET he cries and hides ( hat's what we called his last Vet) but when I say "Nooo we are going to see Pamela, " he comes out and smells his carry container :)  My cat gives her 5 stars!!  And folks my cat's health is improving because of a direct result of her awesome medical plan for him. I could not be more pleased !!!!
5	I don't normally give 5 stars for things, because I think everything can be improved upon, but I really don't have a negative thing to say about this place!I called in the late morning (around 11) asking about prices for shots and some different preventative medications, and they seemed fair, so I asked if I could get my pup in later that day, and they had an opening a little after 2. Since we were new, I gave her a little information about my pup over the phone, and that was that. Checking in the first time was a breeze. Wrote down my information and his, put him on the scale and we were done.I spent roughly 5 minutes in the waiting room after that and the Vet came out and called my pup's name. We went in, he asked some background questions, and went over what we came in for. I asked if there was anything else he recommended, and he said there was one more vaccination, and another, depending on how often I had him around other dogs. I told them I would like to buy Advantix for flea and tick prevention, and he said they no longer carried it, but offered to check if they had any left of the supply they once had, and also told me about an equivalent they switched to without pressuring me into that one. I ended up going with the one they carried, and got rebates on it and the other preventative medication I purchased. Checking out was just as simple and easy as checking in, the staff was friendly and professional through my entire visit, with not only my dog, but all of the animals I saw them interact with. To summarize, not a negative word to say. Great place, I'm very pleased.
5	This is the best veterinary clinic I have ever been to. We have recently started taking our cats to this clinic to see Dr. Sigel ( I hope that is the correct spelling). He is super friendly, and super knowledgable. We found this place because we were quoted what we considered to be complete price gouge at a different clinic that we trusted for years. We felt that they were trying to take advantage of us so we called around. Thats when we found this clinic. All of the receptionists here are super friendly,  and get the feeling while inside that you are as close to being family with them as anyone can be whom are not actually family! The doctor comes out personally to speak with you and walk you into the exam room. They never waste your time by having you speak with a "nurse" (or whatever you call the people that normally ask you all of the questions about why you are there while keying it into the system, only to have you repeating everything when the doctor comes in). The feeling is just cozy and very personal. The prices are soooooo competitive here, and you won't find yourself having to break the bank to take care of the animals in your family. This will be our chosen Vet for as long as we live in Madison. Great staff, great docs, great service, great price!!!
