5	I have been here several times and I love the style of the establishment as well as the fast (as in getting in a chair fast, but unlike most conventional haircutting places they take there time to make sure its flawless), friendly, and affordable service. After the first haircut i got, i no longer go to great clips and sports clips and i would recommend any man to go here and get there hair cut too!
5	went there again yesterday, had a bit of a wait (which is nothing considering the amazing service) but after getting my haircut I was pleased to say my hair looks amazing once again thanks to Rosa
5	another visit, another great haircut at a great price!
4	Great barber shop, great haircut, cheap price, clean shop, friendly barber.  I had a haircut yesterday from Robert and he did a great job.  Price $11, save a dollar on Wed. and Thur.  I tried this shop years ago under different ownership and it was dirty and full of smoke.  Now that the no smoking law is in place I tried it again.  The new owners fixed up the shop so it no longer smells and it's neat and clean.  I'll definitely return again.
5	Found my new barber and they even do flat tops. Old school my friends.
4	I got a "low-reg" fade and it was $12. The building says $9.99, but that's for Wednesdays only. They apparently used to have Thursday specials as well, but all the signs have had it removed. I forgot the other prices, I'll probably snap a photo next time.Went in and was actually surprised that it looked as nice as it did. It's not an elegant, $20 barbershop, but coming from San Diego, I was pleasantly surprised they had something other than cheap seating. It looks like they tried to make it look old school and classic, but tried is the key word. Overall, I dig the feel of this place.There was only one barber, a middle-aged Russian (I'm assuming) lady who was friendly. Didn't talk, but I'm not one that likes to converse with barbers, so I prefer this kind of feel - only mentioning it because some people look forward to telling their barbers their life's stories. I would definitely go back here again. I only knocked off 1 star because at the end she gave me clipper burn cleaning up those pesky bottom neck hairs. Not a huge deal for me to be honest, but it does sting a little bit. However, the fade was so good, I can handle a little weakness leaving my body ;).
1	Creepiest place ever. Didnt even get out of my car after a group of shady people started staring at my in the parking lot. Don't go here.
5	Cheap haircut, friendly barbers, never too busy. Whoever thinks this is a creepy place is high maintenance drama queen. Been going here 7 months straight every two weeks with no issue. Won't go anywhere else.
5	Been coming here for over 2 years now and LOVE IT!!! Perfect haircut everytime! Rosa is the best! Knows how to make a man look good!!
5	Previously reviewed wrong business. Following suit with 5 Stars!!! No line, no wait! Rosa was the only one there and she did a great job. Just moved here from Chicago and left my Barber of 6yrs behind. I have needed a haircut for awhile and finally went! I have my new spot, less than a mile from home!  Rosa!!!!3 visits and super happy! I won't go anywhere else now! :-)
