5	pretty cool mall. had a bunch of outlets shops... i wanted to stop by the cactus candy store before leaving Arizona, but we couldn't because of the time. so i was very excited when i spotted a candy store in the mall and made a mad dash to get the goods. i was so elated that i bought three boxes of cactus candy. the lady there was helpful in explaining the various types of cactus candy. after gabbing with her, she even recommend several places that served authentic indigenous Arizona/Phoenix cuisine to grab dinner...ya have to try cactus candy if given an opportunity. it's an interesting treat!
5	If you love a bargain especially from NM and Saks- well this is your place to go...this vacuous space contains retail stores that offer clearance prices...don your rollerblades cuz its going to take a while ;-)
3	The circular design makes for a sort of mall purgatory where one must cycle past the same background endlessly. If you can remember which door you came in, you escape to the next level.Quick tip: If you go to the information booth, you can get an out-of-towner coupon book. 98% of these are pretty worthless, but there's one coupon for a buy one get one free IMAX ticket. It's a pretty good value if you want to take a girl to the mall to watch a shark documentary on a gigantic screen.
3	Maybe I'm becoming to fazed by all of the Scottsdale malls, but something about Mills just bothers me. Now I love bargains just as much as the next person, but all of the outlets tend to exhaust me after about twenty minutes! There are tons of sales on lets face it nothing anyone really wants, as well of a plethora of stores I don't like to visit when I am at a regular mall. It was exciting the first time I went, but last time I was there I pretty much walked the full (large) mall in half an hour and was ready to go! Cool Places in Mills:Rain Forest CafeIMAXForever 21Hello Kitty StoreLove Sack
4	It's always interesting to visit places where real estate isn't at such a premium... you get bigger hotel rooms and enormous one-story malls.  This is one of the latter.  Some of the stores are true outlets, but others are just their regular selves without any noticeable discounts.  I did find some good deals and got quite a workout trying to hit most of the shops in the 2 hours I had there. Plus one star:  I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the bathrooms and the availability of maps.  Minus one star: I didn't like how it was hard to get from one side to the other -- there should be more places to cross through.
4	I think this mall is one of the best in the valley. It is nice to go to a mall, and then see a Ross. If you want an unpretentious mall experience this is it. You probably won't find all the overpriced and over-hyped brans that you would in Snottsdale, but for most of us that is great. However, be prepared to walk in a huge circle.
2	When Arizona Mills first opened, I was a fan of this massive one-story mall. But over the years, it's lost the appeal. While I still love some of the shops such as Shoe Pavilion, Bebe and the Saks Fifth Avenue outlet, it's very rare that I'll head to Arizona Mills unless it's a week day when it's a little more quiet.Weekends are  a nightmare here. It's g-h-e-t-t-o. The mall has become quite the high school hangout and it's a favorite with parents who flood the mall with their strollers and walk at an extremely slow pace.While it's great to have such a big mall near my pad, I'd rather make the drive to Fashion Square on the weekends.
2	I found this mall very sad.  I couldn't find food here.  The highlight was some cantaloupe gelato sample at some kiosk in the mall.  Also found some Naked Juice in the Hi-Health supplements store.An eerie womans voice informed me that I could use my Discover card to get extra rewards at the mall as I walked through the automatic doors, minority report style.  Creepy.  Also I was ambushed my numerous unhappy looking salespeople pushing face creams from little kiosks.  Maybe it was just me, but 99.999% of the people I saw at Arizona Mills Mall looked sad, disillusioned, or unhappy.  (Maybe it was because they couldn't find any good food...?)There is a Neiman Marcus Last Call here, but don't be fooled into thinking this is an upscale place.  I would not recommend this mall to anyone, unless absolutely necessary.  On a positive note, it is clean and air-conditioned inside.
1	I hate this mall. Whoever said it was Metrocenter for the East Valley is right. Parking is always a nightmare, the single story let's-all-walk-in-a-circle-like-cattle layout sucks and it is screaming baby/stroller central. I give this mall one star only because of the Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs in the food court.
4	I'm not one to yelp every single place I go, but this poor little mall is getting attacked by negativity.First, if you are here for work, it's a great place to kill some time. This mall is EXACTLY identical in layout and shops to the Great Mall of Milpenis in the South Bay (San Fran area). Big LOSERSOff 5th- Nothing good but very organizedLast Chance- pig stye, ugly designer clothes and just stuff everywherePUPPY STORE!!! They are BAD, I hate those damn places where the cute little puppies are in little boxes with fecies all over and they look sad!! This place should be SHUT DOWN!Big Wins**Nike Outlet store, got an extra 30% off already marked down stuff, so I got more work out stuff, 2 Nike bikini's which are built more like sports bras so they are great for rafting, snorkeling, you can even hike in them.Nine West Outlet! OMG they had so many 12's I couldn't believe it I left with 3 pairs of shoes including brown pointy toed boots! Bath and Body Works Outlet- all lotions $3.99, fantastic!As with any outlet mall it is always hit or miss. I wasn't in the mood to go sifting through the racks at Ross or Marshalls...There is a rainforest Cafe there, and an IMAX to set this outlet mall a little bit apart than other outlet stips...
2	I wouldn't say I'm agoraphobic, I just don't like masses of humanity buzzing around me, and Arizona Mills is ALWAYS full of people.  This place is gigantic and circular, with streams of people going in every which way.  I feel like I'm in a roller derby when I go into this place.  It's definitely the place to hangout, which results in packs of teens randomly standing in clumps among the rat race.  Regarding the stores, there are plenty of outlet deals, but not a whole lot of stores I'd really shop at in the first place (who puts a Sports Authority in a mall?!).  Oh, and the parking is atrocious.
1	Arizona Mills is what happens when Mesa and Peoria* have babies. That's all I'll say, as it's all been said already.*Mesazonans and Peorians, I'm sorry, but some of your ilk has driven me to disrespect. If you're yelping and awesome, then you are exempt from this idiom.
4	This place is an outlet mall. They have just about every store you usually find at an outlet mall, and more. There is also food and theaters with an IMAX. This place was near our resort on the south mountain side of Phoenix. With a little time to kill and always a need to shop we ventured in. Ok, so this place is not 5th avenue. The area surrounding the mall is not exactly the best part of town. And its outlets. It draws masses of people, mainly those who need to pay less for what they buy (was that PC enough?). We did not feel uncomfortable or put out by the people around us, though some of the children are just RUDE and not disciplined at all. We had a few things on our shopping lists and then needed a little bite to eat. The mall had some great places. There was a bath and body works outlet that had some great prices. I would have bought more if I could have fit it all in the suitcase. There was also Gap, Oakley, JCPenney, Off 5th, Nordstroms, Billabong and more. Stuff I usually do not see at the outlets, and a welcomed change. The place is huge and a big circle with a cut through the middle in case you just cant do it all. The food choices are pretty decent. The theater also offered quite a few movies and several choices for the IMAX too. We would have seen something if the times had worked out better for us. I think you should go see shop here if you have things you are looking for, are not afraid of crowds, are not intimidated by people who NEED to shop at the outlets, and want to see cheaper versions of your favorite stores that you haven't seen in outlet form before.
3	AZ Mills was set to be a desert oasis shopping mecca when it was built. The promised land of indoor retail outlet shoppity goodness. When it finally arrived, it was exciting and even worth the trip. Today, it's a different story. Today, AZ Mills feels like a turf war zone. I can't tell you how many times I've been walking around and seen someone swaggering in front of me with his oversized pants hanging down below his ass, swimming in an XXXL tee, with a handgun tucked into the back waistband of his tighty-whites. I'm not kidding - I've literally seen people walking around carrying guns under their clothes here. I haven't heard of a shooting taking place at AZ Mills though - perhaps it's a DMZ. Maybe there was a peace conference and they drew up a cease fire agreement. Either way - the place is kinda overrun during the day and evening with old-school gangsta goodness - the likes of which you haven't seen since the 90s. The other thing you'll find here are children. Somehow this mall has replaced local parks or playgrounds as the hot spot for bad parents to take their shitty kids. I'm tall and don't always know what's going on near my feet - and I've leveled more than a few tiny kids to the floor. If high-pitched sounds (like shrieking or screaming children) inflict pain on your sensitive ear drums, then you may want to avoid this place or else bring some ear plugs.This mall is not without its merits though - it's still a wonderful place to shop for Christmas gifts. Even though it's even more of a mad-house during this time, it's a one-stop bargain shop. I've done the Fashion Square thing numerous times as well as the Chandler Mall and FIesta and PV and have come up empty. AZ Mills just works. I always go home having bought everything for everyone. My friend Steve will only go here in the very early morning before the gangstas show up... I'm not so picky. There's always the shopping satisfaction of having found everything you could ever want while surviving the dangerous atmosphere.This place might get one more star if they had a bullet proof vest store.
3	It's a good deal to be a kid; you get a new wardrobe at least once a year. I'd love that for myself. Unless, of course, the proviso is that you have to move up a size each year. Needless to say, we buy loads of clothes for our kiddlets. I like having them dressed well but I also don't like paying too much. My solution? Outlet shopping! Ah, Arizona Mills. . . . it really is a love/hate relationship between us, isn't it? On the one hand, I could go there and get everything for the kids. Old Navy, Children's Place and Skechers outlets just to name a few. Yes, please! On the other hand, I hate that it is ALWAYS crowded. Coming here makes me somewhat understand those people that get in fights on Black Friday. I'm always on the verge of punching someone. Not to get to an item but out of sheer frustration. I also hate the whole walking around in a circle thing. I feel like I can't stop because I'll get poked by a cattle prod. It really comes down to good prices vs. horrible crowds. Well, as a parent, one has to make many sacrifices. I suppose tolerating the masses isn't so bad after all. I must thank the Hermit crab guy for not giving me crabs this time. (That sounds wrong, huh?) I mean that they always used to try to  place one of those tiny crustacean monsters on my hand to make me look like a total idiot.  Not this time. Thanks. Painted shell or not, I can't stand those things.As for you, Arizona Mills, I've had enough of you for a while. See you at around holiday time.
4	Arizona Mills is a large Outlet mall. It's huge!  I was there yesterday and it was jam packed full of people.Some of the things that they have here are an IMAX theatre, resturants, and lots of stores.  I like it here becuase they have a bass shoe outlet, and I can get my sandals for cheap if I catch a sale at the right time.I have not had a bad experience here yet, but I think its actually a nice mall.  They have a huge food court, and tons of awesome stores to shop at for most price ranges.  There's even Valet!I reccomend this place for locals and travelers alike.  Big, beautiful mall with loads of awesome shopping.  I felt that it appeared to be a well taken care of mall, at least from the parts that I encountered.As a side note tho, it is usually a very crowded place.  Please be mindful if you have people with you that may not handle larger crowds,such as elderly or smaller children.
1	So, I have this habit of taking all of my slacks and suits to the cleaners at once and it has never ever came back to bite me in the ass. That was until I found out this past Friday night that I would have to be present for an important meeting the following day and of course I would need to be dressed accordingly as usual. Damn. It's 8 PM on a Friday evening and I must get a pair of slacks as quickly as possible. I had heard of Burlington Coat Factory carrying KC, RL amongst a few others so I figured I'd give it a try seeing as though I simply needed a basic black slack. The store locator directs me to Arizona Mills Mall as it has the closest Burlington Coat Factory to Chandler, so off I go.Before I even get inside of the damn store I notice some idiot in a lime green thugmobile actually following me around the parking lot. I'm not talking about the two of us turning down the same aisle either...I am talking about deliberately driving in circles and hitting the same aisle three times only to see this guy's grille in my rearview the entire time. You know, some real Simon Sez kind of bullshit. He had followed me all of the way from Baseline & I-10 to the mall's parking lot only to continue following me, so of course, I am immediately thinking "Okay, what is this sorry bastard thinking of carjacking me or something?"After finally reaching the point to where I was really concerned and about losing my patience I decide to abruptly park in the middle of the lot surrounded by no one. I sat ready and willing to surprise the shit out of this foolish bastard when he finally decides to go and park up in front of the store near the other cars. He gets out and sees me looking directly at him and clearly judging by his body language he is aware that he has been detected and is being watched.I watch him go into the mall and purposely walk over past his thugmobile to check his plates. I actually enjoyed this part. Little did I know this would be the high point of my shopping experience at this place. I go inside and see the store packed with people that I want no where near me and a staff and store layout that is clearly oriented towards theft prevention.And to think I called myself avoiding the hustle and bustle by not going to Chandler Fashion Mall. In hindsight, clearly I would have been much less annoyed had I just taken my happy ass to Chandler Fashion Mall as the congestion there is much more tolerable than what lied ahead at Arizona Mills Mall.Anyway, I got the damn slacks and got the hell out, but if I could describe Arizona Mills Mall in two words they would be: "Umm, no."
4	I like this mall alot it has so much in one place! Gameworks, IMAX, Rainforest cafe, Saks Fifth Avenue outlet, Neiman Marcus last call outlet, Bebe, Ross, Marshalls,Guess, Pacific Sunwear, Sanrio and many more just too much to mention.   The only downside is that there are a lot of ghetto people and kids running around. I couldn't walk anywhere without someone running into me it was very annoying.
2	Arizona Mills has the worst bathrooms I have ever been in. They are always really, really smelly and warm.I like that there are outlet stores, so you can save a lot of money, but at the same time some of the stores they have are really ghetto and a lot of the outlets have ghetto items.The mall is always really packed and there are a ton of kids running around. People walk on the wrong side of the mall, or walk in large groups that prevent people from getting by.And the worst part: there are at least ten different cell phone kiosks and you get badgered every time you walk by. They wont leave you alone. They also have two or three of those carts that sell lotion. I have had people chase me into stores trying to get me to buy natural sea potions. It's just annoying and always makes my shopping experience uncomfortable.
3	Ever since i found a pair of Stuart Weitzman shoes here for $50, I go about twice a year, just to check it out.
2	In this economy, I've grown to be a fan of never paying full price.  Hence my visits to Arizona Mills.  I made the mistake long ago of exploring the whole outlet mall, and it made me feel gross.  The crowds, the stores......ick.  But I did find a diamond in the rough.  I'm in love with Saks Off Fifth.  It's the best outlet store EVER!  Never buy a full price pair of True Religion, Seven for All Mankind or Joe's Jeans ever again (and they have a couple other brands but those are my fav) - go here and get them for right around $100.00!!  They also have a good selection of dresses, tops, and casual stuff like Juicy Couture as well as designer shoes and sunglasses.   Now I'm the type of person that absolutely hates digging through racks of clothing at Marshall's or even Nordstrom Rack, and it is nothing like that here.  The jeans are folded neatly by brand, and everything is well organized and clean.  Even the dressing rooms!  There's a great selection of designer men's clothing as well.  Also, get on their mailing list because I frequently get an extra 20% off purchases.
2	AZ Mills is really worth going to only if you are: hoping to see gang members; interested in meeting a gaggle of single mothers; or really pinching your pennies.Even though it's an outlet mall, I didn't find many "deals" here.  The prices at Gap's outlet were great, but every shirt I picked up was clearly a defect.  The V-neck sweaters looked nice, for example, except the Vs were all skewed and cut against the grain of the fabric.  Fifty percent off a piece of crap is still too pricey.But even if you loved the low prices, you'd still have to decide whether you want to wade through this crowd.  Maybe it's the economy or just that I went at a busy time, but the mall was packed with a rather unsavory potpourri of screaming toddlers, overweight schmos with plumber's crack, semi-hardcore cholos, and mile after mile of chatty single mothers.As others have mentioned, the bathrooms need serious attention and the crowds are prohibitive.  But I suppose if you're feeling very light in the pocketbook, you could snag some pretty foxy almost-V-neck sweaters for cheap.  Shop on.
1	6 years or so ago I would come to this mall every once in a while and I don't remember it being too bad.  Then again I was a college student new to Arizona and I may have just been naive.  The other day I walked in the front door and immediately starting planning how soon I could leave.  The place just has an over-run flea market atmosphere.  I noticed a few generic clearance stores, and with the Virgin Megastore going out of business I'm sure another one will be taking its place soon enough.  I stopped by a couple other "Outlet" stores where the prices were not very Outlet worthy.  I should have just stayed away and kept the good memories intact.
1	I have been to Arizona Mills countless times and each time I wonder why I bother coming here.  I suppose it is to run quickly into my few stores.....Ann Taylor Loft, Gymboree, Gap, Clarks.  I plan my route, hit those stores, and leave as soon as I possibly can.No matter what time I visit this shopping center, the bathrooms are always the worst!  Smelly, dirty/wet floor, unusable stalls.  Even if I am here first thing in the morning.  That tells me that they are not cleaned very often, if at all.  If I can wait then I will not use the restrooms here.  Beware!There are "security guards" here.  ha!  They are young thugs walking around often with friends.  I stay clear of these people.Oh, and be careful of the kiosks in the middle of the mall walkway.  I avoid those people as best I can.  You will be accosted by calls of "excuse me, can I ask you a question?" to "here try this lotion" as it squirts towards you.  I just ignore them but they persist so much that I would like to find out who to send a complaint to.  It makes you feel like you can't even walk a few feet without those kiosk-people yelling at you.  ugh.This is one junky "mall".  I suggest going anywhere else other than here, if you possibly can!
3	This place makes me depressed just thinking about it.  I look around and all I see are broken dreams and babies wearing shoes and diapers.  Sweet Jesus.  Also, I can't recall a single time that I've been to Arizona Mills sober.  Whenever I'm there, I'm under the influence of something.One time I showed up to see that movie Land of the Dead while it was playing at the theater and when I got there, I realized like around four of my friends had eaten shrooms.  I was high as a kite, too.  We stopped in at Gameworks and I guess all the colors made my buddy puke.Here's a testament to the people who frequent AZ Mills:  I showed up to see a zombie movie and I dressed like a zombie, and no one there looked at me funny or said anything or asked me why I was covered in fake blood.  No one thought I was out of place because they, too, are a bunch of mall-dwelling zombies themselves.  I fully expected someone to at least call me a dork or something.  One of the cool perks of this place is that it has an IMAX theater.  I'm a sucker for that shit.  IMAX is pretty amazing, especially some of the cooler 3-D features.
2	I made a few trips to this mall during our week in the Phoenix area.  The Nike Outlet was great, but otherwise, there weren't that many quality outlet stores.  Most (or so it seemed to me) of the stores in this mall are not outlets and there just weren't the deals that I was expecting.
2	The concept was nice but this place really didn't live up to expectations. There are some standard type store in it, but it doesn't seem to be a functional type mall as much as a tourist destination. The Rainforest Cafe was the highlight for me, which isn't really saying much. I didn't really find a whole lot of places I actually wanted to go into here.
1	Wow what can I say about this once exciting mall. Like many others I can remember when the bidding wars were going on between Chandler and Tempe over who was going to get all the great stores. Tempe thinks it won by getting Az Mills. I assure you they won nothing but a black/brown spot on the map. On my most recent trip to the mall I was in shock. I guess it was obvious because my mouth was constantly in that, OMG mode as I came to the next store/empty hole. If that wasn't bad enough I was clutching my bag as if I had millions in it. The wannabe gang punks and there prostitutes in training that occupied every available place to sit was hard to miss. Security? Are you kidding? The movie "The Mall Cop" made this place look like fair game to the vultures hanging out in the parking lot. Needless to say my trip was cut short because I could no longer stand the smell. As I went to my car, clutching my bag for dear life I noticed some activate by my car. It seems that several cars had been stolen while I was in the mall. Oh sure mall Security was there, they said they saw the whole thing but its there job to make a note of the incident, not get involved. Nice, so glad they did their job and took notes ~ for their next career.
1	Why the hell did they put IMAX here?Arizona Mills has vastly decreased in integrity over lets say the past 3 years (ever since Krispy Kreme Doughnuts took a turn for the worse), many of the stores have left and been replaced by generic stores such as the one that sells multiple versions of doctors/nurses scrubs.Now with the departure of the Virgin Megastore this mall is officially dead to me.edit: Don't bring your 30k+ car to this mall, it will get stolen or end up with a barrage of door dings. You can thank the non-existent security.
3	The Dirt Mall. Literally, figuratively, epically, cosmically dirty. Whatever other adverbs you want to throw in there, it's dirty in those ways, too. You know it, I know it, we all know it. If your idea of heaven is a teen mom wearing hotpants chasing a snot-covered toddler while carrying a baby in a grubby onesie and simultaneously eating a churro, the Arizona Mills is your promised land. If you like being catcalled by cell phone salesmen who call you "girl" and chase you down the aisle, honey you'll be as happy as a pig in shit. And if you want to take your Arizona Mills catch of the day to a late-night movie featuring a soundtrack performed live by a two-year-old up way past her bedtime, fuck, the Mills has that, too. In IMAX form, no less. In short: It's a fucking disaster in every possible way. Thing is, I still fucking love it. Designer jeans marked down to $99, plus a seemingly constant extra-30%-off-sale? Thanks, Off Saks Fifth Avenue! B. Makowsky handbag at less than half the retail price? Ah, that's the Marshall's I know and love. Kenneth Cole shoes for $29.99, designer party dresses for $50 and a lovely luggage set that I get complimented on every time I travel for $150.Seriously, if I'm wearing something with a fancy-pants designer label, it's probably either from the Mills or this crazy fucking suburban luxury outlet mall outside Austin. Either way, I can assure you I paid less than half the retail price for it. So just relax, have a drink, and head to the Mills. Return home with your bounty. Then take a shower. No, seriously, take a shower. That place is fucking dirty.
4	Not a high end mall with many bargain stores as well as chains but hey, who doesn't love a bargain, especially in these hard times.There are also enough food outlets and entertainment options - movie theatre, IMAX theatre and arcade - to while some hours away.My parents, sister and I found it a very satisfying way to relax and chill out for a few hours. My mum loved looking for bargains - it's a Malaysian genetic trait!
3	Arizona Mills is a pretty big mall. I've gotten lost for hours in here before. They used to have a commercial about families begging the outside of the mall for their moms back.They've got a store for pretty much every need (unless that need is way off). I don't really shop here regularly though. If I'm here I'm either doing my Christmas shopping here (a long, arduous journey, but I get almost everything in one trip, so hey), in Gameworks, or hanging out with friends. It's usually the Gameworks option. I pass up the theater here for the Tempe Marketplace one- there's always a huge crowd of high school kids in front of the AZ Mills theaters. Also, the food court has a nice selection of sustenance for the starving shopper who needs to build up energy to tackle the next quarter of the mall.Personally, I would stick to smaller malls unless there's a store here that I want to go to. Don't try to walk through the whole mall thinking you'll get from one end to the other and walk out a happy shopper, because you won't. There's way too many people and a cell phone salesman in front of every store.
2	There are absolutely no mills here, that is false advertising.This is a building much larger than any building should be, filled with stores much larger than any store should be, and patrolled by humans much larger than any human should be. A mall with a Ross. The stores are filled with garbage, the food in the food court is from the garbage, etc. You know the deal.I saw a female here whose shorts were so tight they gave her pot belly some cleavage. That last sentence was not an exaggeration. The clientele here are fascinatingly ugly. Again, a mall with a Ross.But they got an IMAX and a GameWorks here, so at least they got that going for them.
4	I got my running shoes on.I got my cup of coffee to keep me energize and alert.I got plenty of room in my credit cards for some hopeful major purchase. Oh yeah, I'm in the mood for a good workout and decided to walk around one of Arizona's huge outlet malls. Of all the malls/outlets I've visited, I actually like the Arizona Mills mall. The outlet is obviously much bigger than the Petaluma Outlet Mall. Much more colorful than the one in Gilroy. And despite me being here on a weekday around noon, this nicely-architect outlet is much more livelier than the Great Mall in Milpitas with more and better shops to get lost in.In the mall, there are six different entry ways. Automatically you can tell this outlet is big and already a workout. Each entry way has a sensor of a voice-recording of a man welcoming you to the mall. Sounds creepy, huh?The anchor businesses of the mall are Sport's Authority, Ross, Burlington, Marshall's, Sak's, Neiman Marcus, & Sears Appliance outlet. The anchor restaurants are Johnny Rocket's, Joe's Crab, El Pollo loco and Claim Jumper. I wish I knew about Claim Jumper prior and before my breakfast beforehand.  And for your entertainment, there are an arcade center and AMC theaters with also IMAX-screeningThere are a ton of retail businesses from this mall. And some of the places I've saw and shopped are Border's Discount, Sanrio, Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, Oakley, Vans, Crocs, Samsonite, Aeropostale, Animal Kingdom, Levi's, Pink, Radio Shack, Charlotte Russe, F21, Eddie Bauer, Guess, Bebe, Disney Store, Tommy Hilfiger, Victoria Secret, Spencer's, Izod, Sunglasses Hut, Reebok and Nike Outlet Store (obviously, I went and shopped here). That is only a fraction of the mall I saw and shopped. Guess, I'm getting old and can't walk around outlet as big as here no more. But wait there is the food court with a Sbarro, Starbucks, Paradise Bakery, Nathan's Hot Dog, BK, Panda Express, Hana Grill, and Subway. And for a cool treat to beat the desert heat, there is also a Yo-Yo's Frozen Yogurt place (I'll review later). There isn't too many things to do in Arizona, but there are plenty of shops in the Arizona Mills Mall & Outlet
1	To crib from Star Wars, "You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.""Hell hole" is hardly strong enough to describe what Arizona Mills has become the past few years. The sad thing is it used to be a great mall with a variety of both outlet and mainstream stores. Now it's filthy, run down, and overpopulated with wannabe hardasses. Many of the best stores have closed or relocated to other malls, the stores that do remain have crappy selection and mediocre prices, and the parking lot has become a wonderful place to have your vehicle dinged, damaged, or disappeared. Mall management clearly doesn't care about Arizona Mills anymore, so I figure neither should I.
4	Not the classiest joint in town, but good deals to be found.Yes, it's true that the Mills Mall is certainly not as upscale some other malls in town. We get that, but I think some of the other reviews were actually a bit harsh on the clientele. Not everyone can afford to shop at the Biltmore or Snottsdale Fashion Square. There's this little thing called a recession going on. Heard of it? Mills mall is full or everyday working folks who are looking for a good deal. The mall spaces that used to sit empty and alone have been filled by new merchants. Virgin Megastore was filled by FYE music, and the mall is slowly coming back to life. I started holiday shopping last night and every store I visited was having great sales and I walked away with nice quality gifts for a fraction of the price that I would pay at another mall.Gotta say, the bathrooms were pretty dirty, but otherwise this place has cleaned up immensely. The stores were clean and bright, floors were polished, and stores were neat and orderly. My daughter loved riding on the old-fashioned carousel ride for $2 or a free trip to see Santa. If you haven't been to the Mills in a while, I say give it another chance this holiday season. Or at least lower your standards a little if you're looking for a Fashion Square experience.
2	Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Back when it first opened Arizona Mills was fun and exciting. Not to be cliche, but for it's first year or so it really was the talk of the town when it comes to shopping malls. It was a place you could go to find great deals and stores that weren't at any other local malls. Something about the place was just fun. Fast forward about ten years... oh lordy, what happened?! Slowly but surely this mall has taken a nose dive. To put it bluntly, this mall has transformed into nothing more than a gang hang out. Almost all of the stores that made this place interesting at one point in time have closed and been replaced with an alarming number of urban clothing stores. The few decent stores that are left seem to be closing or on their way out in some way... it all just has this very 'bargain bin' type of feel now. This place is officially in the process of biting the dust in my opinion. Even if they open up new stores or try to revitalize it, it's just not fun going to a mall where you barely even feel safe. Sad to say... but you've lost your edge AZ Mills. 2/5.
3	The last time I was at Arizona Mills was some time in 2005. I consulted Yelp before visiting, so I insisted that we walk to avoid any issues with the parking lot, even then I was apprehensive. Although I didn't explore the entire mall, I was still very impressed with what I saw. There were SOO many bargains to be had on great stuff! I spent more time in the Neiman Marcus discount store than I care to admit to. They had lots of last season designers: plenty of Marc Jacobs in all sizes, even some Alex McQueen, Valentino, and many others. This is a great place to stumble over a designer piece you have been hoping to obtain, all for a discounted price.  The condition of the mall didn't look like it had declined dramatically in the five years that have passed since my last visit. Maybe I didn't see the mall's real flaws because I am not local to the area? Regardless, there were some great finds here and I recommend visiting for that reason.
1	I'm not fan of outlet malls, but Arizona Mills particularly irks me. It's extremely difficult to walk through the mall on Fridays and Saturdays and there's little children everywhere running amok. Also, a lot of the store merchandise isn't exactly discount/outlet prices. The crowds here aren't exactly inviting either, which probably is what makes me avoid this place as much as possible. The only unique  thing I can think of that this mall has is a Rainforest Cafe, but it's not like it's a must see, it's just more of a novelty place.
4	Wow...i have to say i am stunned by some of these reviews i have read. The Arizona Mills mall is one of the best "discount malls" i have ever been to....and trust me i am a mall rat so i know what i am talking about. This mall reminds me a lot of the Gurnee Mills mall in Chicago. It is rare when you can find a mall with outlet stores, discount stores, and pretty good entertainment and food to boot. I will admit that it maybe doesn't have the flair of Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall or the Biltmore mall...but you can afford to shop at Arizona Mills at least. Look people you can't have your cake and eat it to...we are always complaining about getting good deals when we shop...well Arizona Mills offers that...the others don't. We say we want somewhere nice to shop with nice items and nice tenants...well Fashion Square and Biltmore offer that...but again no real deals are to be had. I guess what i am saying if you are going to the mall to really shop...then Arizona Mills is your place. If your going to walk around... window shop...and try to look cute then maybe you should head to Scottsdale or Biltmore...just saying people. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!!
2	This mall is definitely on it's way out. It's too close to a bad part of town and punks, thugs, gangs have simply taken it over. Stores selling quality merchandise cannot survive here. Discount outlets may have a chance. Out of town guests DO NOT visit this mall. Try Chandler, or Scottsdale Fashion Square instead.I will continue to come here occasionally for the IMAX or Harkin's Theater when I'm in the area.
2	This place isn't classy and has a Ross in it for crying out loud!! But...I am en love with Fredrick's of Hollywood!!! You won't find a Nordstrom in this mall.
3	This is a pretty good mall...the prices seem reasonable (especially since I'm coming from Los Angeles) and it's a place to beat the heat :) I'm giving it 3 stars because the food selection leaves something to be desired, there was nothing that I wanted to eat. I settled on Panda Express and that didn't taste that good. Overall I would go to shop but definitely eat before or after you go.
2	I like pretty much any shopping opportunity, but this collection of outlets intermixed with a few 'regular' stores, cell-phone and lotion kiosks, was just...  depressing. With a few exceptions, a majority of the retailers seemed to sell very similar merchandise (I counted 5 shops selling baseball caps) or things that were just plain strange (a chain-mail suit!?).  I suppose that would be great if you wanted one for an upcoming renaissance faire.I am sure there were amazing deals to be had, but they simply eluded me.  Maybe I wasn't in the right frame of mind to dig through mountains of merchandise.  I may return when I am feeling more 'adventurous'.I add a star because it had A/C and my friend did find a very good deal on t-shirts.  Otherwise...
2	came here expecting some good shopping. i was pretty disappointed to find that there were only a handful of good outlet stores to check out. its a nice mall. really crowded on the weekends. doubt i will be frequenting this place.
3	arizona mills is pretty big!! i'm not sure how many stores are in this place, but, they have quite a selection.basic kiosks, avoid those pesky people!! some outlet stores, some boutiques. their food court is pretty good. they also have an arcade and a movie theater for the guys & kids that don't wanna accompany their girls while shopping. apparently, my husband says that this is a ghetto mall. i'm not sure what he's talking about. just because there aren't as many white people around doesn't make a place ghetto!!
3	I came here on my lunch break because I couldn't make a decision for what kind of food i wanted.  The food court was clean, and the people weren't gang-like or thuggy at all.  I had a good meal at the japanese joint, read, and people watched for a half hour or so.  I parked on the east side of the movie theater and was able to get in and out easially.  I'm sure on the weekend thigns are a bit crazier, but in the middle of the day, it was lots of mall moms and families (aren't those kids supposed to be in school?).  I won't hesitate about going back.
4	Was here today and the mall seems to have spruced itself up a bit and there are no more empty stores. Some better shops have moved in including Victoria's Secret and Clark's Outlet is being renovated. Still not the classiest joint in town, but there are nicer stores now and you can still find some killer sales.
3	I remember this place from it's more grand days, when Malls were the "in" thing. Living in the wilds of rural Northern AZ at the time, my trips to the valley would often include a visit here (mostly due to its proximity to REI around the corner, relatively). While I do make my way here occasionally, I find it is mostly to go to a movie within their IMAX theater. Outside Scottsdale and Chandler Fashion Squares this is still a decent mall. [Poor MetroCenter...] I have never had an issue with finding a parking space and they offer Valet at their peak busy hours. On my last trip here I picked up a phone cover and some 6ga channels ("earrings"), but of course my main reason was to see a movie at the IMAX.
2	This place is ghetto.
4	My boyfriend and I are new to the area and we came upon Arizona Mills by chance. We were really just looking for some place to have dessert because Sprinkles was closed. We wandered in and the first thing that struck me was how HUGE the whole mall and all the stores were. I liked it, though, because it was huge, but easily navigable and it's only one story. There's a good size food court and an aquarium, too! All the stores are HUGE and a lot of them are outlets with better prices than normal. Um, I remember the bathrooms smelled a little funky, but what bathrooms aren't. They were still clean and well-stocked with toilet paper, etc. I guess the people who go there aren't the most glamorous, like the people who go to Scottsdale Fashion Square, but I wouldn't mind if I can get in a good deal and all my shopping done in one place. I definitely want to go back!Oh, p.s. - we ended up getting chocolate at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, which was okay, but that's really a separate review.
3	A lot of uber negativity aimed at this place. While a lot of it might be true, you can find some awesome deals at this place.Let's see, the Nike and Reebok outlet are great places to find some heavily discounted sports apparel. The Footlocker in this mall also seems to have some pretty good deals. It has the usual kiosks, and lot of your basic shops.This might not be Scottsdale Fashion Square (is that even a posh place anymore?) and it might not even be Chandler Fashion, but it has its own place. Good luck finding a Nike/Reebok outlet at one of those places.
3	AZ Mills has been around for like 13 years in phoenix. It's def had its phases. When it first opened it was busy, diverse and a lot of unique stores where located there. Now its in its Hood Phase i.e. (2007-to present). It is what it is, an outlet mall that has good as deals that can save you $ own some outfits. Yes, it can be urban but that's not a bad thing to me maybe for someone else yea but I'm fine with it. Overall-- a good place to find a fit for the night, grab some starbucks or get out of this blazing ass heat in the summer
4	I discovered this place about 11 years ago when we made our first trip to Phoenix. I had been to a few big outlet malls like Grapevine Mills and knew that this could be a decent place to find a bargain. Sure enough I did and I have been coming back every since. My favorite store is by far Penney's. The quality is usually good and the prices are sometimes unbelievable. It seems that they have a large selection of just about everything from household items like bath towels and bed sheets, but they also have a large selection of clothing for the entire family. I know that as long as I keep finding good prices and the quality stays up, I'll keep coming back.
3	I like how it's one BIG circle. You can't really get too lost if you just keep moving forward.
3	Yeeeaahhh.... if you're a tourist, please make sure you also visit other malls in AZ and don't make this your only stop. It's an OUTLET mall, not a traditional mall. Therefore you'll find outlet stores, and most of the typical ghetto stores you'll find at outlet malls. This is an indoor outlet mall much like Ontario Mills, Sawgrass Mills, and the other "Mills" that I'm forgetting the name in Illinois. It is centrally located in Phoenix, off the 101 and 60. And yes, there is plenty of parking -- but it's one of the top places for your car to get stolen! More car theft there than anywhere else I've read. I'd say where I park my car, but then I hope that no thief is reading this - ha! (Just park closer to the "nice" department stores.)On the weekends -forget it! This place is packed. Jam packed with families, strollers, little kids running around aimlessly, it's annoying. Stores that I go to: Gap, Neiman Marcus Last Call, Off Saks Fifth Avenue, and sometimes the Imax.I still think it's ghetto though.
4	Go on a weekday! You almost have the place to yourself. If you go on a weekend or holiday, forget it!! You're dodging strollers and kids wherever you go!!
3	It's a good place for bargains, because some stores like Nike, Bath and Body Works, JC Penny, Gap, Neiman Marcus, Kay jewelers, and a few others have their outlet stores here. Don't compare it with Chandler Fashion center or Scottsdale! No one comes here for the "shopping experience", they come here to get the most bang for their buck. I recently got a bunch of products from Bath and Body works, all priced between $3 and $5, some really decent running shoes from Nike for much less than $50, t-shirts from Gap for about $8, and some other clothing items. Like most malls, they have a big food court, with the usual fast food restaurants. And on my last visit I saw a sign saying Forever 21 will be opening a store here. See, AZ Mills is not all that bad!
3	I only came here to get my daily walking in. I did a bit of browsing, but did not buy anything.  It's a real good mall for doing a mile or so walk indoors, so long as you go during the weekdays when it isn't crowded. Mall is open until 9:30 PM so that's a plus.
2	If your pants are completly incapable of covering your underwear, or you feel like you are a gangster you will love this mall.   If you enjoy the feeling like you might get robbed, or if you feel excitement not knowing if you will come back to your car with the windows and wheels you left it with---definetly the place for you.
4	As a walker, this mall gets four solid stars from me.It opens up early on weekends and is a great place to walk. I usually get a black iced coffee from the starbucks inside to rev me up.the movie theatre here is awesome. chances are, your movie will be playing on 2-3 different screens with lots of showtimes.great outlet shopping options!
5	While I lived in Charlotte, NC, Concord Mills (same company) passed the Blue Ridge Parkway as the #1 tourist attraction in the state. Arizona Mills blows that one away! This location is bigger -- at least it seemed that way while walking it. My sister and I had a red-eye back to NC and blew the afternoon in this place. We scored so many deals in various shops that we had to stop in TJ Maxx for an extra bag (we'd only brought carry-ons). We stuffed all our shopping in that one bag to check at the airport so we could get our goodies home!
1	I am not one to typically complain, but I feel that Top of the Line Perfume (a store In this "outlet" mall) is a joke. They inflate their prices astronomically and then tell the consumer that they will give a 50% discount.  The perfume I purchased was $50, marked down from $89. I found it for $20 on Amazon. I called to speak with a manager to no avail. Naomi, an absurdly rude sales associate, would not transfer me to a manager. Please save your money!
3	I've worked Arizona Mills for several years an have seen many sides to it. Before getting that job, I was hesitant to shop there because of the reputation it has as a lower class mall. But honestly, the place is clean, well-managed and always changing. Even if the targeted market is to the more frugal crowd, that just means great deals! Security is wonderful and each guard I've encountered has been friendly and helpful. The parking lots can definitely get a bit crazy, but that can be said about any busy establishment. I shop a lot on my breaks (it's a bad habit, but I can't help it) and always find something worthwhile. The Sanrio store is my favourite with all the adorable merchandise!
4	I really enjoyed this mall. One its huge, two there was an aquarium inside (awesome) and three...they had ice cream toppings hanging from the ceiling! lol i had fun....it was very busy when we went though, so i would avoid weekends if you can't handle crowds
3	It's more like an indoor outlet mall but in the desert.
4	i came here while visiting AZ and i must say i enjoyed walking around this outlet mall.. its HUGE for one thing and similar to an outlet mall in socal, which i loved.  i was able to get stuff at great deals.but it was super busy since it was a weekend. so dont go then! haha go during the week since itll most likely be more quiet.
4	Arizona Mills is a rather large mall and has a number of good outlet stores. The IMAX and movie theater are good for catching a show. The mall gets extremely crowded and it can be difficult to navigate through the mass of slow-walking mall zombies at times. The food court is one of the dull spots, as it is occupied by cafeteria-style fast food chains. However, there are some better snack shops scattered throughout the mall.
2	This is not the place to go if you are in a rush.  If you want to be in and out, do NOT got in.  If you want to walk fast, it's impossible.But if you're looking for a slow jaunt and don't mind people stopping right in front of you, this is the place for you.Some decent food places, the usual, plus Nathan's Hot Dogs.  Rain Forrest Cafe can be fun too, but that's a whole different review.
3	Overpriced movies and food, its your average movie theatre really.
2	Arizona Mills? More like Arizona SMELLS!!!!! EASILY a TOP 3 Ghetto Mall in the state! The whole time your here you can't help but feel your car will get broken into or someone will rob you. Also this mall is crazy dirty! When you walk in through the movie theatre exit on the side by Dave and Busters there is some type of metal structure that has more pigeon shit on it than the pigeon ladies clothes in Home Alone. The food court sucks and there are only about 3 descent stores here. Clean this Dump up mills!
3	The mall is fine, but there is this red head man who sells adorable dogs. That bark and walk. I bought one for my 2 yr old little girl and the damn thing didn't even last two days. I feel I was robbed :-( Before I forget Az mills your suppose to be the best mask in az. So why is your good court horrible? Picnic benches? Really cmon now. I watched a larger couple that wasn't even able to sit down because they couldn't fit:-( I felt horrible for them. You should accommodate all your customers. Go to metro center now they have a wonderful food court.
4	In all honesty this place is not too bad at all. The trick is to go in the  morning.            It opens at 10:00am . Even on the weekend ,if you get there early  you can get some shopping and other things done without a lot of children all around.                              It is a great place to do some power walking when it it  100 plus degrees outside.     I have been to the Ontario Mills Mall many times as well and i think AZ is nicer and cleaner.  There are a lot of really good shops. Off Saks 5th( one of my fav's).      There is a lot for kids to do here though. So if you do have young children it is a good place to take them.  Just watch them and don't let them run wild. No one likes out of control screaming kids.  Lots of food options and movie theaters.   I even got my brows waxed here.   Plus lots of parking in the lot. All around.
4	You could wander for hours in this mall.  Tons of great stores all under one roof.  Just don't forget where you parked!
4	I am going to say this is not my favorite place , but it is still a place that i like to go to on a limted basis.  They do have a lot of good shops here. with a huge selection. Afew fun shops. I do not like to go there when it is busy though. It drives me mad. Morning time is good or a weekday maybe. they movie theater here is quite good with the big screen. Lots of parking. Close to my house. Yay!!
3	This is a mall, and they have stuff you can buy. Usually crowded on the weekends by people that don't know how to get the hell out of your way.
1	Incredibly ghetto! This mall has had THREE shootings/ armed robberies this year already and it's only March! Knock off merchandise vendors inside don't help this place either. STAY AWAY IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE!! Very dangerous.
5	An indoor outlet mall with many brand name stores?  Yes.  Going in to many of the stores, I realize there are really good deals here at this mall.  The mall might not be as fabulous as the Biltmore or Scottsdale Fashion Square but I'd come to here to get the job done when it comes to buying, not window shopping.
4	Arizona mills mall is one of those hit and miss places. Sometimes you find a great deal on just what you're looking for, sometimes you find something you didn't know you needed on sale, and sometimes there's nothing for you. Dubbed an outlet mall by most locals, you will find normal retail and full priced kiosk vendors mixed in with outlet shops like neimann marcus, jc penny, sears appliance, and burlington coat factory.The outlet shops will usually save you a good 30-50% over retail cost, but sometimes less. I don't shop here often since it is about 10-15 miles from Central Phoenix; where I hail from, and I usually end up spending more than I prefer.Be sure to make this a destination for all you discount and penny pinching shoppers.Happy Shopping!
3	This mall is a hit or miss for me...I like the outlet stores they are great but be warned there are alot of kids at this mall from babies to teens, I really don't know why it is.. sometimes I'd rather pay full price than deal with rude children!  But overall the stores are great and they have some fairly good places to eat while shopping.
4	I only go for the movies or when I know what I'm getting.  Not much of a shopper but I remember having fun here when I still lived in L.A. and came to visit.
4	Mostly outlet shops, decent food court and great staff at the stores I have gone too. I like the theater and often go there when in the area. Always find parking and the information desk is great to help find stuff.
3	Pretty standard fare for a Simon Mall although I dig the addition of the outlet shops.  I'm not a mall person so I didn't over analyze.  From what I've gathered from Arizona, there are a million malls to frequent so you can always find what you need someplace else.  What I really liked about this mall was the fact that they have a Burlington Coat Factory and Outlet Shops like Kenneth Cole, Nine West and Off Saks.
4	Yes, I agree with everyone, I've been to better, cleaner, higher scale malls.  But, being a broke college student I loved this place.  The mall is built in some sort of circle, so I was able to start my stroll from one end and take a full loop seeing every single store in the mall (no more entering one way and having to walk all the way down in one direction only to come right back passing by the same stores!) Most of the stores were also very, very affordable.  I was so surprised at some of the price-tags, I had to do a double take.  I would definitely come back, just because of all the deals and because my wallet was not yet yelling at me to stop.  Bring on the screaming, running children and the hordes of people who walk too slow!
1	The first time I visited was a vacation here, before I moved.  We had rented a car for our vacation here in Arizona and visited Game Works one night for fun.  After we were done visiting game works we noticed that the rental car we had was keyed on one side so needless to say we had to pay a hefty fee to get it fixed.  We thought "eh..stuff happens" so we visited the mall after we moved here and came out to see our own car was in fact keyed.  After that we have tried to avoid this mall unless we really have to visit a store inside and if so we only go during the day. I would not recommend this mall unless you HAVE to go there.
3	The place is huge with lots of stores to see,  but there plus size selection is very disappointing!
2	Not only do the freaks come out at night, they come to Arizona Mills. This place is ghet-tttooo. It's okay tho. I've got some hood in me. The discount outlets are great. It's the people there that scare me. It's like one of those places where you walk around with your purse zipped and held tight because someone might try to swoop it. I swear, don't EVER go on a weekend. Good luck moving around all those damn diddly daddler people just strollin around the mall for some free air conditioning. WALK WITH A PURPOSE PEOPLE! Don't even get me started on the degenerate teenagers roaming around those parts. Where are your parents? Busy flipping burgers and cleaning houses to keep a roof over your house so you can be a punk ass kid at the mall?The Off 5th is the only reason to go to this place, and thank god they have a separate entrance so you can be in and out in a flash. Oh, and the Forever 21 in this place is absurd. It's almost too much to handle. But if you're feelin brave and you've got some mace, check out these outlets, you can generally get some decently priced name brand things.
3	If you like a bargain hunting and bright colored buildings Arizona Mills is the place for you... Its kinda run down but if your on a budget and still want to fill like you are shopping at the mall rather than a swap meet then come one come all to ARIZONA MILLS!+ AIR conditioning  while hunting for your discount item is always a treat! -
4	Every mall in Arizona should be indoor because of the heat. Thank goodness this outlet is. There are plenty of stores including an Oakley Outlet and Last Call. Downside is that there is no Coach outlet but you can't have it all. It has a wide selection of shops from things like Marshalls all the way up to Gap. If you are killing time and you want to stay indoors go to this outlet.
4	Used to work at the desert ridge location until it closed down after only a few months. I had a manager Leah who acted very peppy and up beat to customers and would criticize them (f bombs and all) over the headset as they walked away...she seriously had a dark soul to be working at the Disney store. They try to hand you bags, because you are more likely to buy more if you put your items in a bag. Be careful about bringing little ones, because if they ask you for something and you say no, workers aka cast members are trained to chime in with retaliations like, "its a saLe item for a limited time only" etc. Advice for shoppers:When Disney wants to get rid of items they will practically give the items away through their awesome sales. Also, be conscious that Disney is a master of packaging. Things may be presented well in the store and packaged neat, but you bring it home, tear the cardboard and plastic off and you are left with a dinky toy that you paid too much for. Overall, everyone loves Disney and its a magical unique experience that can't be replicated. Just don't spend too much time shopping because the high school musical videos they play on a loop at the store will drive you nuts. :)
2	Not much of a selection at any of the stores, it's all junky leftovers from 2 seasons ago.  I won't go back.
4	Arizona mills just reminds me of Ontario mills back in California. Nothing really special other than I has the hamster pool thing indoors and a aquarium you can explore. There are a few stores that are as simular as Ontario mills, but still check this mall out even if you've been to the one in California.Just like any other malls would have: JCPENNY, Macy's, Nordstrom, Charlotte Russ, Forever 21 and etc...Reasons I come here...+ AC! Don't lie, you probably come here for that too since it's 100 degrees out. D:+ weekends are usually the time I'm here because there are a lot of items for sale!+ Now that I know this place is close to the house my boyfriend has, I can come here whenever. :)can't wait to visit again and shop!
3	This is generally a kind of scary creepy mall I avoid but now that I'm growing a human being and can no longer do Pilate's, stand up paddle-boarding or run and have gained an insane amount of weight, I walk (or waddle) around malls for exercise and for the price of a 25 cent bouncy ball at Old Navy and a penny to toss in the water at Rainforest Cafe, I can get my sweet pea to walk with me, gleefully even.
1	Don't waste your time...Arrowhead mall on the other side of town is so much better!
3	Pros...plenty of parking, lots of stores, good deals when you find them.Cons...crowded to the gills, deals if you find them, some of the shoppers are rude.
2	Every time I go to this mall I experience the same things. Dysfunctional families walking through with wailing kids. Vendors and sales people shout out for me to buy their mediocre products...stuff I don't really need.Miserable jail-bait girls giving me the googly eye and asking me if I can spare some change while their jealous over age loser boyfriends glare at me suspiciously...as if I'd want to have anything to do with their girlfriends! the only good thing about this mall is the variety of stores it has.
3	I've been to 3 Mills malls and this is probably the least impressive.  I don't like the way it is set up with the food court in the"back" and do they REALLY have to have coin-operated kiddy rides every few feet?!?!?!  I'm exaggerating but I'd say near every entrance there was one.  My daughter loves getting on those.  Our rule is 1X but she kept wanting to ride one every-single-time we passed by one.  It was frustrating with a toddler throwing a fit every few minutes and I would definitely not come here often for that sole reason.  On the upside, lots of stores like any other Mills malls.  Lots of kids stores which is great for mammas wanting to buy cute stuff for their little ones.  It gets pretty crowded but there's a lot of parking space.  I just don't always feel safe parking my car there.  I dunno, some people that pass by me seem shady.
4	Huge mall. Could be here forever
2	It's a bit rough here to say the least!
3	It's ok. Prices or not cheaper than regular prices.
4	Arizona Mills is a regional mall that  specializes in outlet stores and shoppertainment. It is a regional mall worthy of four stars.  Sawgrass Mills in metropolitan Fort Lauderdale, Florida is one of my all time favorite malls. Right from the get go I was going to visit it's sister mall when I was in Phoenix.  Regardless that Arizona Mills is much smaller than Sawgrass Mills, it is still a first rate mall that showcases stores that charge outlet center prices, attractions for people of all ages, a decent food court, and Starbuck's.   In other words Arizona Mills is a fun mall with a diverse selection. The stores include:The Disney Store, Starbuck's, a multiplex, Sear's Appliances, and Sport's Authority. The shoppertainment includes a multiplex, Sealife Aquarium, and arcade. The eating options include Rainforest Cafe and a food court featuring Nathan's, Burger King, Subway, and Panda Express.  The racetrack layout is very easy to navigate. Arizona Mills isn't one of those malls where you have to walk a quarter of a mile then have to walk back. To make it easier to navigate the mall, Arizona Mills is separated by neighborhoods. For example, neighborhood One might be Sealife Aquarium, Perfumania, and Sport's Authority. The floor textures differentiate the neighborhoods.  I give Arizona Mills four stars. It is enjoyable to spend time in a regional mall that specializes in affordable stores and shoppertainment.
3	Way back when AZ Mills opened up, it was the place to go when you wanted to go shopping.  Several decades have passed, and now it is still a decent mall, but is more focused towards Outlet type stores.  The addition of the aquarium is nice for those that want a more educational experience on your outing, with additional options for entertainment from the movie theater and GameWorks.  If you come at a busy time, the walkways aren't as wide as the more spacious malls such as Chandler Fashion, so you might feel claustrophobic as you navigate your way around throngs of angsty teens, stroller moms, and large families.
3	Oh AZ Mills....where to start.Parking: There is plenty of it. I find that the worst places to park are on either side of the movie theater or in front of Burlingtons.Food: A pretty decent food court, as far as selection goes, and some good mid mall snaking as well. Personally, I gravitate towards Nathans or Americas Taco Shop (so glad they added this place).Shopping: I remember when this mall opened and whe it was mostly kitchy, kind of unheard of stores, and outlets. Now it seems to be more upscale-ish stores (not exactly outlets, since most have new merchandise too). There are still the factory/outlet stores as well (Group USA, JC Penneys outlet, Burlingtons, Sears appliance outlet, etc). There are a few maps throughout the mall for your "finding" conveinence, but I recommend looking at the map online beforehand, if you know of a specific store you want to visit. It kinda helps w/ parking.Be warned, this place is a MAD HOUSE on weekends. Filled w/ lots of teenagers and large families w/ multiple strollers. It makes it very hard to get around. I recommend going during the week. 90% of the sales are the same and its much less frustrating.Happy shopping!
2	I have been going to AZ Mills because it has a store that I like to shop in - the Arizona Territory store, which has lots of cute stuff.  Since I live in New Mexico, a lot of their merchandise is similar to that I would find in Albuquerque, but haven't been able to find at all.  So I go there to buy certain items.Found out last night that a couple of the things that I buy at AZ Mills are available at Fry's---much less expensively!  I don't think I'll be going to AZ Mills any more.
2	Like any Mills outlet, it's cheap and ghetto. Yeah you can find some good deals but is it worth it to deal with an ugly looking horrible crowd? Save a few extra bucks and go to Fashion Square.
3	Nothing special discounts aren't impressive~
3	Absolutely nothing wrong with this mall. It's a mall as you know it :)
3	This has to be one of the largest malls in Arizona.  It's massive.  I went here to shop for vitamins at Vitamin World and had to try and find it.  Luckily, I called ahead and the guy from Vitamin World gave me directions on where to park, by the theater....otherwise, I wouldn't have found it.When I walked in, I was surprised to find amusement park type attractions inside....big bouncy things full of kids, and other stuff.  This place was packed.Will have to come back when I have more time to wander around and check out other stores.Return Factor - 60%
5	An indoor mall that has it all! This is an air conditioned outlet mall filled with hundreds of shops and plenty for the kids to do. It is a mall you can spend all day at because there is so much going on. Let me start off by telling the ladies you must wear comfortable shoes because this mall is made for us. There are some bargains in each and every store. I use this mall as part of my  workout regimen because I get so many steps in one day. For the men don't feel left out there is plenty for you to see and do as well. I have found some great men stores along with athletic stores like Sports Authority. Now for young ones there is an Arcade, IMAX Theatre, Aquarium, Rain Forest Cafe, dozens of dining places  and so much more. Wonderful place to tke the family.
4	I Like to come here and pass the time with the kids and friends
4	Whenever we're in Phoenix we love to stop at Arizona Mills, a massive mall composed of outlet stores. So many stores. So many discounts. So little time. We love to stroll the beautifully air conditioned halls checking out the deals at Marshalls, Macy's, Bath & Body Works and the Perfumeria.We also enjoy checking out the kids stores like Oshkosh, The Children's Place, and the children's section of JC Star (formerly JCPenney outlet).We nosh our way from Wetzel's soft pretzels to the Rainforest Cafe.And move over Mayor Bloomberg . . . don't try to cut down drink size in Arizona cause it's just too hot hot hot in this town. Big gulp drinks are mandatory tools of survival. Anyone riding around town without a 16oz bottle of water, soda, or ice tea is delusional or soon to be delirious.Arizona Mills is a great place to get much needed exercise (you sure can't walk out doors). And it's a place we visit with great joy and enthusiasm whenever we're in Tempe.
3	Upside: big, lots of stores, & great selection! Downside:  most of the toilets are broke, vending machines take money, & the little kiddie ride they have are either broke or takes your money!
2	Stopped At Sticker Place Inside The Mall, Asked The Young Man Running The Booth For Two Bumper Stickers ($20). As He Was Making The Bumper Sticker I Stopped Him Because I Felt He Misunderstood What I Wanted In A Bumper Sticker. So He Hits Me With "That Will Be Another &10 Making It $30." We Get Into A Debate On What A Bumper Sticker Is. Then He Says To Me "Im Sorry You Dont Know What You Are Talking About."  I Get Upset With The Smart Ass Comment And Ask For A Refund. An Argument Starts, He Is Cursing At Me & I Am Cursing At Him. He Reluctantly Refunds Me My Money Only After I Threaten To Call Mall Management. He Keeps Talking Trash The Entire Time He Is Refunding My Money And Also As I Was Trying To Walk Away. Another Argument Starts Until Security Shows Up. Welcome To The Hood That Is Mills Mall. Ghetto.
3	Oh, Mills. You chameleon you. I won't even go further, lets just get to it and discuss the mish-mash that is Arizona Mills...~What to Do~Arizona Mills is a large, squared mall which offers numerous outlet store options, along with a Harkins movie theater, an IMAX theater, Sealife (an aquatic animal show-space), Gameworks, and a food court along with other food stores around. ~The Good~You know, they have such a variety that Mills caters to all types of people. For example: On the low-cost side of the spectrum, they offer Ross, Marshalls, Burlington, and another new large department store all which offer clothes options for all price levels...especially those looking for very low prices. On the High-end side, stores like Saks 5th Avenue's Outlet, Neiman Marcus' Outlet, Gap among other trendier/high end Outlets are available to those looking for designer brands at low prices. Scattered along these large stores are many of the normal stores you come to expect, all offering very good outlet prices. The movie theaters are an outstanding touch. Although not the nicest Harkins, the Arizona Mills version has a very large variety of movie times, and when I need a flexible showtime I usually look there first. Having an IMAX close to home is nice, although I do rarely have the need to see movies in 3D...On a personal note, I miss the documentaries they did, btw...The Gameworks and Sealife combo are two additional touches that round out the site and add to activities to do.~The Bad~For all the good, the bad fights back with a punch. First off, they offer so many varieties of stores that its almost too difficult to figure out its agenda. Its hard to pinpoint the niche, other than simply saying they cater to everyone. This is discerning to those looking for designer brand store after designer brand store...Keep that in mind. Some stores simply do not belong here and drive down the allure of Mills. They have a ton of children stores, which is nice....but right next to a Nieman Marcus? Its a Russian roulette of stores, you have no idea what you will pass next. The food court used to be serviceable with a Paradise as my go-to, but they left. The "new food court coming soon!" signs have been up for over a year. Very exciting! They do have Garcias and Johnny Rocket's, but those additional touches do not detract from the poor overall food experience. Also Rainforest Cafe always seems to be too expensive for my liking, so I skip it 9 times out of 10. Almost every large discount store, like Burlington, is under-staffed and riddled with racks/aisles with clothes strewn across. Ross is the worst, I had to climb over backpacks once to enter then Men's pants aisle. Customer service is also lacking, except for Saks, where Anthony was beyond amazing, find him and he will help you.. THANK YOU ANTHONY! Anyway, poor training and understaffed warehouse-like clothing stores provide little allure, once again. Finally, the Harkins, although large and accommodating with a bevvy of start times, has a really bad atmosphere and is filed a lot of the time with kids whom ruin movies and are too loud. If the movie is below an R rating, I highly suggest you choose another location because loud, cell phone texting teens will be there.~The Down Low~Overall, I really enjoying going to malls out here in the valley. Each one has its own niche and serves its essential purpose. Mills is right in the middle, its not horrid, but its by far not the nicest. Come here if you want a variety of clothes options to look through and add to your wardrobe...then maybe pop in to watch a movie you've wanted to see.. They get 3 stars for variety of clothing options, the two movie theaters, and the Sealife/Gameworks combo which allow for extra activities. They lose two stars for a jumbled overall store layout plan and a number of half stars for the poor customer service, teenagers running rampant, non-existent food court, and also...bad parking options. Come for the day and you can decide if it fills your inner shopping needs... Its lost its allure if you ask me.
4	Here's the thing about AZ Mills...It's not the nicest mall in the Phx area (although I still don't think it's AS bad as a lot of people make it out to be). For whatever reason it seems to attract people who don't know how to walk and/or can't see where they are going. It goes out of it's way to attract families/kids with games, rides, etc., which can make trying to walk around unbearable. All that being said, from a pure shopping/store perspective I really like this mall. Most of the stores here are outlet or seem to be a "last chance" type location for sales items. Look, I'm not the most fashionable person in the world (and I'm gay...GASP!). I mean, I like to wear decent brands, but I could care less if the basic tees, jeans, khakis, etc... are not considered the most current. I guess it's a personal thing, but I like a good deal of the stores here in general (no matter where I shop) so the fact that most of the stores here are the "discount" locations is a big bonus. I shop at the GAP (which is an outlet location), H&M (not an outlet, but seems to have more sales items than most locations), GUESS (outlet...whatever it is GUESS specifically calls there outlet locations), as well as Perry Ellis (outlet). They also have a Nieman Marcus last call as well as Rack Room shoes. Besides the whole attracting families/kids, one small knock I have on this place is the food court. I like the uniqueness of having an America's Taco Shop, but besides that I wish there were some other more unique options. Also, I wish the flagship store in the middle of the mall was something else besides Forever 21. If you like Forever 21 you'll be in heaven, but they don't have a huge guys selection so that huge space is pretty wasted for me. Again, this is just a personal issue.
3	I don't know when this place turned into an outlet mall.  The layout is ridiculous. There is no cut-through if you need to get from one side of this horse-shoe to the other.  You have to go all the way around.  A few great stores with great deals, like JCP outlet with a good selection of talls, but the majority seemed to be overpriced, sparse or not worth the hassle of digging to find something.  We trekked to AZ Mills specifically for the Eddie Bauer store and their travex line of clothes for women.  This is the only store left in the valley, and they don't carry the whole travex line. Which isn't a large line and IS THEIR MOST POPULAR. Maybe 20 pieces. So disappointing.
2	AZ Mills was the first mall I ever visited when I first moved to Phoenix back in 2005. Since then, I've worked there, shopped there, and seen IMAX movies there. Nowadays I visit maybe once a year for the IMAX but the mall itself has gone downhill. It's still the same setup, enter at one of the four entrances and walk in a circle to get wherever you need. There are many new shops and not many I would really want to visit. (The stores really cater to family and teenagers.)  On my last visit, I had to use the restroom and was pretty disappointed. I would not recommend it. Overall, it's seen better days and could really use a cleanup and facelift.
3	This reminded me of Great Mall back in California. This is an somewhat outlet and I was able to find good deals from this mall. Was very clean and pretty huge!
3	Not the greatest mall in the valley, but also not the worst! Decent selection of outlet stores and an ok food court. They recently added an aquarium which I think will add to the appeal. It's a shame that they closed Gameworks.
3	This mall has a decent assortment of stores, and some that can't be found anywhere else nearby. The mall itself, however, was run down and a little bit shady. Some of the stores were dirty and unorganized, and the food court could use some work. The theater is great, and worth the half hour trip from my house. I probably won't go out there very often unless there is something specific I need that I can only find there.
4	I stopped here for the first time in about 15 years and wasn't disappointed.  Yes, it is sprawling and some places are very crowded but the variety of stores and the prices can really make it worth a trip.  The one store I found to be the most over-crowded was the Penney's outlet where there was a very long line to check out and the store had tall shelves making it hard to see where things were.  Most of the other stores were a regular mall size and easy to find things and get in and out.  If you are a bargain shopper and don't care about layout or style, you will probably love the variety of shops.  If you are there for aesthetics you won't care for it.  There is entertainment including imax and other movie theaters and a SeaLife aquarium for kids.  The Rainforest Cafe is fun to eat in for kids and they have a store as well.  If you mind crowds, you might want to go early or later but I think it is well worth a visit for the bargains and variety.
4	A little outlet shopping was on the agenda today. Didn't find much since I am revamping my wardrobe but I did pick up some nice lingerie.Almost reached Neiman Marcus Outlet but we got the call to get back to the hospital. Visited Nine West and JCP Outlet.
4	Its a bit far from where i live, but when we are bored of all the other malls we chose to drive out here to see if there are any good deals which usually there is. This Mall is pretty big and has a good selection of stores. Alot of the stores inside though when we have gone are really crowded and its hard to be pushing a stroller through certain stores...but its not as BAD as some people make it out to be.
4	There are a lot of good stores and deals here but I don't like to come here during peak hours.  This seems to be where all the teens and sketchy people hang out. It also gets very crowded as well.  Come in the mornings during the week if you can.Pro: Good stores and dealsCon: Sketchy shoppers
3	They have a mall like this is San Jose, ca and Ontario, ca I think it's the same company. Filled with outlets but inside. It goes around full circle, and has a Harkins which is a plus. The downside? Too many carts bugging to try lotions or to thread your eyebrows! And balloon ladies who walk hella slow in front of you! Dag nabbit! Lol and there used to be a mrs. Fields here? They said it closed down, I was really craving some nibblers. Reason I'm giving this place 3 stars, prices aren't as low as the stores claim to be. Some stores are just trippin with their high prices. And some stores look like they just couldn't pay rent and have to sell everything in the store including the shelves and tables! Yeah not to appealing, but a good mall for working out your legs! Lol
3	I come here and go striaght to the gap, off 5th, marshalls, and the ross. Thats it. Lolz.
3	Park near the lights people! Where Zia used to cut through the mall, they are now closed. However, Forever 21 does the same thing so you don't have to walk all around the mall. Plus you can pick up some goodies while you are in there. I don't recommend going on the weekends because this place gets really swamped like no other.
3	Stopped in at Arizona Mills this weekend, something we hadn't done for some time.  Found that the place had changed somewhat but still had a lot of stores and activities going on.  Nice inside mall to walk around and find unusual items that you can't seem to find in other places.  After several hours of walking around and spending some money we determined it was worth the trip.  If you haven't been to Arizona Mills in a while, you might be surprised.  Try it.
4	Nice outlet mall. Lots of store to go shop. Nice and quiet. Not to mamy ppl. Security everywhere. Lots of food to chose from.
3	WOW this mall gets busy, .. Busy doesn't even describe what I was dealing with!!! I usually only come here with a friend or two when I'm bored out of my mind, or last minute christmas or birthday shopping. I forget there are some great stores in here, along with a movie theater. And If not for shopping It's definitely great for people watching.. Almost better then the airport...almost!
1	Place just opened for the day and the restrooms by the food court are already disgusting and the housekeepers are just standing in the food court texting and looking stuff up on their phones while talking to each other.
5	Awesome mall. A little on the ghetto side but we'll just call it "culture." This mall has everything.  Just don't come on the weekends, it is so crowded and it will frustrate even the most patient person.
4	Great Mall lots of stores and you can walk forever.  A little something for everyone.  Shop between major shopping holidays cause people don't  know how to act. Otherwise great place nice and clean.
5	This mall is an amusement park and shopping mall tied into one. 2 theaters, a huge food court with an array of deliciousness, a gaming arcade for adults, a carousel, a jumpy thingy... Just lots of awesome things. The mall is so big they had to separate it into 7 sections! Oh and let's not forget about rain forest cafe and an aquarium! I wish it wasn't so far to drive to from Tucson. I would literally be there every weekend. So much to do. I have yet to visit the aquarium. But I have been to the rain forest cafe for my birthday and I enjoyed it. Also check out Wilson's leather. Nice products. Great HUGE mall. Wear walking shoes!
2	They now have a police tower in the parking lot because the auto theft is so bad which wont keep me from coming back because I have full coverage but it is a worry every single time still.   I hope they can clean this place up.
4	**Extra coupons***... if you are going here on a shopping spree, checkout their website first for extra savings! maybe they have them at their customer service desk too. 3.5  actually. Plenty of parking, lots of cool stores, huge Harkins.Kind of messy right now, IMAX was closed and they are remodeling the food court.Also, I had not been here in a while and I didn't recognize any of the businesses in the food court... all the familiar names are gone.
4	Not a bad mall, a little bit of everything. movie theatre, updated food court, game works & not an empty shop in the place. Lots of people frequent this mall, which you can tell by the parking. If it wasn't so out of my way I'd probably find myself here more
3	How to describe Arizona Mills... it's like a big buffet. Some things are great, others not so much. The Good:There is quite a large variety of stores, some really neat ones with great prices. In fact, it appears they are trying to give this mall a better feel as I've noticed some higher quality stores popping in. Also, just recently the mall renovated their food court! It looks amazing now! Brand new tables and chairs and all brand new eateries. It's much more clean and inviting looking, they really did a wonderful job. My co-workers are addicted to a Mexican place called Tenta, which I haven't tried yet. There are also smaller eateries like pretzel and cookie shops between some of the stores throughout the mall too. While walking the mall you'll notice the differing sections are decorated in really fun and interesting ways. I truly hope the owners, Simon, are pushing to get this mall back to a better state than it has been the last handful of years. This mall used to be great but has gone down hill over the years. However it seems like they're slowly trying to bring it back to what it was. The Bad:You should know this mall is backed up to an area that isn't so great so it can attract some... interesting people. Okay, not so much as interesting as scary. I would only come to this mall during the day due to the kind of people that trend to come here. If you're here on a weekend don't expect it to be relaxing because this mall gets packed with people. Truly, at times you feel like you're cattle. If the mall got rid of some of the pointless kiosks taking space in the middle of the aisles it wouldn't be as bad. Oh! Unless they started doing a better job of it, they never clean the bathrooms. It's one of my biggest pet peeves about this mall; the bathrooms are down right disgusting. Hopefully they have started keeping up on this more because I used to go over to the Harkins Theaters just to use the restroom.So, overall this mall is okay but hopefully they'll continue to make it better. So grab yourself an iced coffee from the new Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf (YES!) and walk the mall!
3	Various options depending on what you're shopping for. They now have these ANNOYING motorized stuffed animals that kids sit on and drive through the mall. Wouldn't be a big deal except they're weaving through the crowd. Watch your surroundings!
4	I hadn't been to this mall in almost 7 years and I was surprised by how enjoyable I found it yesterday. I remember when it first opened it was sooooooo cool with it's rainforest cafe (OMG!) and they had a glow in the dark store that always had a line to get in, AND a stand-alone IMAX showing nature films (remember when that was a thing?). Then it got kind of junky and a bit abandoned. Now there are a ton of different stores- ones you'd actually want to visit. And there's lots of stuff for kids to see and do- trampolines, coin rides, weird animal bicycles, you name it. Apparently there's even an aquarium. I was only here for an hour or so but I could see how you could spend an afternoon here with the whole fam, especially on a hot day. Now, all that being said, this is an outlet mall so a lot of the stores have too much merch and not enough employees. You're gonna have to do some digging and deal with unorganized messes to find your gems.
3	I like this mall a lot of stores ..Dont waist you money two adults one child $58 at the sea life only 30min walk in and out..
4	IMAX, Harkin's Theatre, food court, stores and SeaLife Aquarium!!!!  It seems a lot of the stores are "outlets."
3	This mall is literally 5 min. away. So, its where I like to shop because its close and convenient. I usually shop at the sports stores like nike, champs, footlocker. Also, hat club and burlington. It's not bad, selections in brand names are pretty good. The only downside are probably the bathrooms. It always seems to have that distinctive smell regardless of how much its been cleaned. Also, I noticed that they have redone the food court with more and better selections. Looks pretty fancy.
4	I've been to a lot of outlet malls & this is one of the best.   Big foodcourt, Ferris Wheel, Aquarium, Arcade, Cinema w/ IMAX, in addition to tons of stores.   Arizona Mills is a great place to spend an entire day.
1	I work near by and decided to check it out.  This mall is horrible. Sorry I will stick to my Kierland and Biltmore!
4	I am a huge fan of this outlet mall since it has good stores with affordable prices for clothes, accessories and other items. One store that is definitely my favorite is Solstice Sunglass Outlet, which offers high end sunglasses for prices up to 70% off the original price. It has fast become my source for designer sunglasses (have purchased two pairs of Dior Homme sunglasses for less than 130 dollars each!). It's also a good place to window shop and to spend a nice weekend. It is an obligated stop everytime I'm in town!
5	Went to AT&T today at AZ Mills and had great serviceJarome M. helped us and he was awesome!
3	Gonna break this one out into pros / cons because it seemed easier than a 10 paragraph thesis.  ;)Pros:- a wide variety of stores from Old Navy to a barber shop, it really has all you could want under one roof- nice food court (even has a burger bar place)- clean throughout and wide walk spaces when it's not overly busy- Aquarium is a good place to kill time with little ones- Good theater with an IMAX 3D option, if you are into that kind of thing- Sweet Daddy cupcakes...mmm...cupcakesCons:- parking lot is chaotic when it gets busy, there are tons of entrances and exits and they are all really close together (picture Phoenix drivers & tourists all fighting for first place...)- it looks like an outlet type of mall, but most of the stores are just regular versions of what you'll get at any local mallOverall: BAn "A-OK" place to head on a hot day, but try to avoid peek busy times, cause parking is a touch chaotic.
5	Master Cuts at AZ Mills has the best hair stylist I have ever had, Ricky Cherry.  He is an expert with stylish cuts specifically suited to each customer. He specializes in color application. I live in southwest Maricopa and drive 50 miles to get to him. I wouldn't do that for just anyone! Give yourself a treat. Go see him.
1	This place is so horrible, with the Air conditioning being so hot out side they must keep it at 80 degrees, The restrooms are GROSS and uncleaned...
1	It's so whack! Can't drink out there until 2 or, something. Smh. Way too simple on top of the fact that you have to wait until the end of the day to do anything.
4	This mall is huge and of course NOT rowdy.. It has A lot of stores to shop at and I'm impressed at how clean it is!! It's not too crowded and the food court is OMG so impressive.. Lol. We got something at steak &fries which was amazing.. I couldn't wait to get home and write a review about this mall so hopefully they can keep up the great work.. Oh did I mention the parking? .. You got LOTS of free parking, and it's easy to locate all the stores and where you parked your car, unlike a few overly huge malls that I "always" get lost trying to locate which floor I parked my car, but Arizona mills parking is a good 4star(p.s.. I would have given them a 5 star if they have a free valet parking for me ;)..lol JK)..  Anyway I really had fun at this mall and next time maybe We will visit the aquarium also.. I heard its beautiful inside there
4	This Is a nice place to go if u need to kill time!!!!! Has shopping for the girls and games for the guys!!! There's a few good stores that I like which majority would go to: VS, Pink, H&M, Express, and other stores that I can't remember at the moment!!!! There is a gameworks area by the food court for the guys to hang out while girls shop!!!And there is a very kool "Animal style" shopping car that u can rent to take ur kids on a ride!!! It's like 10 min for $5 & up!! I would definitely go on it, looks Kool! Very slow tho!!!
1	This facility has really gone down hill. I mean it was never a fancy place to go but I never worried about my safety.Yesterday I came to walk around on my dinner break. I was entering neighborhood 2 and walking into the carpeted area around johnny rockets. My shoe (a t-strap sandal) got stuck because the plastic that divides the carpeted area and the concrete area. The middle section of my shoe ripped out and I went flying onto the cement area. I really hurt my knees, wrists, and my ankle was twisted. Clearly I will live but when I called to let them know so that nobody else would be hurt I was treated like I did something wrong by the first person that answered. No apologies were made until the facilities manager realized I was not calling to sue. Now I understand being cautious but it would be nice if at the very least they offered to replace my shoes. I ended up missing two hours of work because I could not very well go back without shoes. I have sore wrists, a twisted ankle, and a barely choked out hollow apology.Part of me thinks I should speak with my lawyer.
3	Would be better if you did away with some of those idiotic kiosks with pushy sales people. When I am with my kids, I don't want to be approached about nail products, hand cream, cheaply made cell phone cases or the other crap that some of those kiosk sales agents are pawning. Oh and the puppy mill dog shop you got there should be closed down by PETA. Everytime I walk by there, I see two or three full grown dogs laying in one undersized glass pen with sad looks in their eyes, it depresses me. It depresses me more because the prices of the dogs they sell make it highly unlikely a sale will happen anytime soon.
4	This place has a lot of different things for various moods. Date night: movies or video games. Lots of shopping. Kids can ride those electronic animals, they look cool. I miss some restaurants that used to be in the food court, but I do like the addition of the carousel and the new layout. I also LOVE the  addition of the Church's.
3	The food court is new and not improved. It seems one company - Villa - now owns and runs the entire food court. They put a new coat of paint on the place and it appears more upscale. The Mexican joint - La Tinga - needs help. The guy cut me some chicken to try, but it was inedible due to fat. The greenery place uses deli meat for turkey and the Villa itself just seems too much like good ole Sbuarro to bother trying. Throw in a few Asian places and a Giant burger joint taking up half the court and there is your new food choices. Just leave the mall is my advice to eat, but overall I do like the discounts that I dig up here everytime I wander around.
1	I have been loyal to FoH since 2002. I have broken up with FoH and found my new love Lingerie Superstore.  I'm a size 44 F. Not only did this store NOT have ANYTHING in my size (which they used to) the staff was unpleasant and the store was rather filthy. I was shopping for a corset and after waiting 45 minutes for the dressing room,  the woman commented how "we have a waiting line and if I have to lace you up for each...." I was livid. They made me feel completely dissatisfied and certainly not sexy. I will no longer shop here and I will be hesitant to provide them anymore of my online business. I left this store in tears. Learn to bring back the fun in sexy and hire better staff. Lingerie Superstore off Rural is where it's at.
4	This is a good mall and also a good place to walk. I feel it was well laid out and easy to access. Naturally stores come and go but I am hopeful for their future.
5	My favorite mall in AZ! There's so many shopping options. I always find what I'm looking for here.
4	Convenient place to shop and grab a movie. MANY outlets are housed inside... Saks 5th Ave, Neiman Marcus, Nike, Reebok, etc. There's a food court, but I've never eaten at any of the restaurants. The place is always packed! Kids roam freely! There is a choo-choo train that circles the inside of the mall... It's a big hit for the young and young at heart!
4	This is a huge mall with many stores to pick from. They have everything from mid-high end to low-end stores. Some of the stores are also outlets. We went on a Friday night and it was pretty crowded. But I was able to find great items at good prices.  I love having outlet stores in a indoor mall!
4	If you are from the California bay area, and you enter this mall, you'll feel as if you stepped into the twilight zone.  This is a replica of the great mall but surprise it's in arizona! I went the first week of December during my Arizona visit, and the Christmas spirit had begun already.  Went around 5pm on a saturday and it was packed with families and eager shoppers with a mission to take down their christmas list.  It has the same circular setup as great mall, useful signs and plenty of outlets shops.  There are plenty of deals to be found here.  The best finds are the ones you dig for is what I usually say.  By the end of circular trip I was heading to the car with new things for myself.  I saw shops that used to live in great mall relocated here.  One random item found here is an operating merry go round inside the mall!
5	Holy amazing! This mall needs to move to California! Great selection of stores! The mall is huge and had every single store that I was hoping to find in it. Unbeknownst to me, it is an outlet mall. So the prices were great!We've been 3 times in 3 days! Definitely worth the time to go check it out!
