4	I have visited many Sears Auto Centers in time of need.  On this cold day, I dropped off my vehicle to have the tires balanced and rotated.  The tires were purchased at another location which qualify for free rotations.  Service was prompt and thorough though I had to wait about one and a half hours for the service to be completed.  After exhausting ourselves in the mall (physicaly and monetarily), I made my way back to Sears.  Service on my vehice had been completed, but no one called me.  No problem though.  I engaged a staff member, paid for the extra service, and was happily on my way.Reservations are not accepted.  Make plans to keep busy either in the mall or in the waiting room (I prefer the former).
4	Went here to get 4 tires and they were extremely quick! Within one hour, they quoted me (a great price) and had the tires installed. Was surprised that they came in lower than other competitors, so definitely check them out.
3	associates very helpful and willing to help you find what you need.
4	3.5 Star Rating....rounded up to 4 (I feel generous today) As far as Sears auto stores go this is a pretty good one. They're always busy being in a mall....but to me that's its appeal. You can drop off your car and eat, shop, people watch, whatever and kill some time while having at least some fun. The service here is pretty good and prices average. They have worked on 3 cars of mine and have usually done a decent job. Quite frankly I do prefer Pep Boys but you're stuck there with nothing to do. So I keep coming to this Sears for those things that take time so I can walk the mall.
2	The entrance is hard to find/identify... the exit says Sears, but the entrance has a door that says Avis/Budget.  You have to wait in line to bring your car in for service instead of parking in the lot and going into the shop with your keys.  Waiting in line took roughly 20 minutes on a Tuesday about 12 noon.  I brought my car in for a simple oil change.. it took almost 3 hours.  Granted when they told me it was done, there were several things that Diego had found that I could fix in my car.. the list of repairs totaled over $800.  I didn't bring the car in for an inspection, just an oil change.. that's all I wanted.. could have saved time elsewhere.  It was about $40 for a high mileage oil change including tax and with a discount coupon.They assured me that the fluids (windshield washer, power steering, etc.) would be topped off; I checked in the parking lot afterwards and it was not done.  I was so fed-up with waiting so long that I didn't feel the need to wait even more.
3	Ok, this place, unfortunately, I have to frequent every 3,0000 miles for an oil change, thanks to the wonderful dealership I purchased my car through! I will try to make this short, sweet, and to the point! First off, Rey, yes with an "E", is the best employee, and most competent employee that they have. He has great customer service skills and he actually greets customers as they come in. Like they are supposed to. Anyway, long story short. The last time I came, no problems, with the exception of them being so dern slow. If I have an appointment, I shouldn't have to wait an hr and a half for an oil change.This time, they were still slow, although they did have a lot of people. I also had an appointment!The problem is...the oil change message still comes on. Doesn't that mean they didn't do the oil change? When they did it last time, that message went away. I also noticed that, the reminder sticker that they put on my windshield, for the next oil change was never changed, and they wrote the wrong mileage on it as well. Not pleased...
