5	A spa designed for men? Well, guys work and play outside and our skin takes a beating from the elements and the stress of daily life, which is why Stacey Grondahl has created a environment where men can go to relax and get rejuvenated. Treatments include facials, massages, skin peels, and waxing. Stacey is one of those rare women who love and understand men and you'll enjoy both your conversation and the music which includes favorites like Sinatra, Johnny Cash, and Elvis. In fact the entire spa is designed to make men comfortable and its a place where you'll not only feel comfortable getting a treatment, but you may want to just hang out and shoot the breeze.As for the services, they are amazing and when you walk out you'll look better, feel more relaxed, and be ready to go back to being one of the Masters of the Universe. In fact, the only worry you'll have will be finding an open date on your calendar for your next visit.
5	I found Stacey on Yelp and was really excited to learn about her design and vision for her new spa. She took the frou-frou out of the spa experience. I was already excited to hear about the concept from her passionate explanation via phone, but even more so when I walked in. She set this place UP. From the decor, to the colors, smells...and the PATIO. We went and got a facial with her, and while one was being treated the other sat out on the patio and kicked back and listened to Motown. I want to copy this feel for my apartment patio. But, this is all only supportive detail to what's important here - your skin's care. Stacey knows her stuff and will find what works for you - something I am always leery about when I go to a specialist who carries a skin care line. I recommend "What a Prick", and if things get too heavy in there and you start to tingle - ask her to put her balls on your face. I know, I know...just trust me.
5	Duuuude! This place is amazing. Johnny Cash and Sinatra in the background, total relaxing experience whether getting a skin treatment, massage, and now they have a reflexology specialist. When your waiting or done, you can chill on the back patio and relax and escape a little longer in the heart of Scottsdale. It is for sure a must-do experience, especially if your girlfriend or wife has been ragging on you lately... go let Stacey treat you well ;)
5	I just experienced what every man should.  One word- perfection.  Ok, now more words...  So I was in the mood for a treat myself time, and started searching.  I don't know how, I don't know why, but here is where I landed.  The website- edgy and cool, and who says "text us" for questions?  I freaking visionary, that's who.I drive down the 30 miles south, walk up the stairs hand hits the door and Bam!  I'm home. Johnny Cash on the wall, and in the air?  What spa, gets us?  Stacey's does.  This is not your mothers spa.  She's cool- real and the comfortable feeling is genuine.I have been hundreds of places to have a little work done, if it was like today- just pure pleasure on a whim, or the Spa at the Grand  Wailea, I have NEVER felt more comfortable or cared for.Got the What a Prick (perfectly named for me) and a wax. I cannot give enough accolades, I feel like a million bucks, truly a cool experience.You have to go, and go now!
5	Update-  maybe I was too glowing in my review, but yelp blocked it.  Sure hope they reconsider.  I compliment only when truly deserved, and Stace rocks it.  A must go to place for guy needs.
5	The ONLY place a guy needs to know about when it comes to skincare, massages and manscapping!  Stacy is the bomb and her studio is so comfortable and relaxing. Seriously,  you will want to stay a little longer. I was like a kid just off a  roller-coaster "Can we do that again?"  Do yourself and your buds a favor and get over there and get yourself one heck of a 'Head Job' !!!
5	After the recommendation of my girlfriend I decided to get a facial...something I have never had the pleasure of doing until today, and trust me, I was quite apprehensive about the experience up until about 3 minutes after I walked into the studio and Stacey made me feel like I was at home. She definitely went above and beyond when it came to my treatment. Amazing experience, value, products, knowledge, the works.
5	Wow.....what a great place. A guy can not feel shy or embarrassed to ask basically anything, nothing is off limits.  Great atmosphere, killer tunes that you get to pick, good company, rock star setting.  I did not feel intimidated like I have at salons where you assume everyone is judging/poking fun at you in the back room, plus it didn't break the bank for everything I had done, I left with a huge boost of self confidence because of the great work she did.  As long as I have skin on my face and hair on my body, I will always be a customer!!
5	Great job - Stacey gave me a deep facial and chemical peel and it was great.  My skin feels awesome and am very happy with the outcome.  If you are looking for a great place to go to for massages and facials - check out simplicity!  You will thank me for it :)
1	I purchased the two facial package for $70. Ihad an appointment with Stacey that I needed to cancel due to the devastating storm we had. Stacey was nice enough to reschedule. I then missed my appointment today because I've been dealing with a collapsed roof and contractors and totally wigged out on my appointment. I apologized to Stacey and said to please take the one facial away from my purchase because I was a 'no-show' and let's just keep the second one. She told me that she'd charge me $20 and would let me use my second one. I told her to keep it and that I'd not be coming to her at all. She lost a potentially loyal client because of her ego being hurt. When in fact, my missing the appointment had absolutely nothing to do with her.Some people just don't have good customer service skills. Enjoy the $70 Stacey. You probably need it more than me.I hope you reconsider your business practice because it is really unkind.
5	Yelp has seemed to have removed my review so I hope they re post it as it is the only place I am giving 5 stars to.  Very comfortable environment, Stacy listens to what your concerns are and then comes up with a killer plan of attack, I have never felt more confident in myself after I leave Simplicity, makes me feel and look youthful and I know that I'm taking good care of my skin because of her services.
5	Fantastic experience.  Stacey is a guru in the field.  Very reasonable and a very relaxing experience all around. I am definitely going to be a repeat customer.
