3	Finally!  Fruits, juices and smoothies have arrived to the Southwest gates of Vegas airport...  Located just inside security at Gate C25, it's the first vendor you see - can't miss it.  Put your shoes back on and refresh yourself from the heat and the hassle.
4	I love smoothies! My Caribbean Passion Light smoothie with an energy boost was perfect and exactly what I needed before my early flight.  Everyone was really friendly and I didn't wait long at all. I found my new stop before my Southwest flights!
3	Regular prices and semi par fruit. Could have been fresher but hit the spot after a long flight in.
3	I love Jamba Juice.  Wish i had access to one locally.  This is a typical airport deal.  Higher prices, mediocre service, and some wait.  out side of that, it certainly has the quality you would expect from this very good smoothie brand.
4	Great place to stop off before my flight. I was flying Southwest back to Denver. I arrived 2 hours in advance, the airport and Southwest suggested I arrive 90 minutes in advance. Because I was so early I needed something to chew up some time. I came across this place just after going through security and I was quite excited because with it I could just sit back listen to a book on on my iPod and drink my smoothie. Staff was amazingly friendly, it is Vegas and I guess when your in a town focused on service you are probably pretty customer service focused. there wasn't a wait or a line. Strangely enough the Jamba Juice by my house always has a line, regardless of the time of day. Great place to relax while waiting for the flight to leave.
4	Pretty standard Jamba Juice, considering its at an airport. I like it with extra scoops of whey, especially when traveling, as it can be hard to get adequate protein on days when I travel.
4	Same as every other Jamba Juice. My biggest problem with JJ is how long it takes to get your drink. If there is a line in front of you at all - it's going to take a REALLY long time. When there is no line, you still wait and wait because you cannot tell how many people have placed their orders in front of you. Love their new lower sugar items. Thanks JJ
3	Good stuff! Happy they have a lite version now... The regular ones have soooo much sugar
5	The one bad thing about this place is that its a chain. The good thing about this place is that's it's a chain that consistently offers the same quality no matter where you are!Some folks think that if it's a chain then it's going to be either consistently good or bad, but this isn't always true. However, this is very true about Jamba Juice - it hasn't mattered where I go - they are all about the same. They always have either good parking or a great location within an airport. They offer the same kickers, the same basic price, same great taste and same great value.However, there are some things that I have never found to be consistent with any chain and that's the level of cleanliness, friendliness and service - time it takes from order to receiving your drink or time standing in line.This place was always good at all of the above and therefore I have to give a 5 star. In fact - it seems like Yelp has helped places in California improve so much that I find myself giving out more 5 stars here then anywhere else. Someone should do a study on that!
4	It's great to have a Jamba while you're waiting for your flight.  For some, the Jamba is a refreshing drink after long nights on the Strip.  For me, it's just a Jamba and I welcome the mango a-go-go.
4	I am a Jamba Juice fan (I first fell in love when I lived in the Bay Area) - I STILL, to this very day... always order my usual - the CITRUS SQUEEZE :]  It was nice to see that the airport had this because I needed something refreshing and healthy.  The wait wasn't long and I like how there is seating (tables or bar).  I also liked how this was RIGHT next to my gate :]
4	I love Jamba Juice so whenever I see one I must stop for a five fruit frenzy and a sweet waffle. This time I also got a southwest chicken chorizo wrap which was good for a premade wrap that gets popped in a convection oven for three minutes.
5	Thank goodness for finding this Jamba Juice at the McCarran International Airport.  I was on the shortest-ever layover but desperately needed something healthy to fill me up until I got home -- uh, peanuts and a coke weren't going to cut it, nor was a sad salad from a terminal vendor.  Yay, I spotted the Jamba Juice logo, made a mad dash and hooked myself up with a Razzmatazz with protein boost and a delicious baked pretzel (first one of those I've ever had - yum!). Life was good again and boarded in plenty of time thanks to the speedy blending skills of the genius juice master behind the counter.
2	This Jamba Juice is located inside the McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, NV. It's a good healthy detox option at the airport after guaranteed crazy nights in Vegas, especially since the food choices are few and far between. Nothing wrong with the quality of the smoothies itself. However, I had to lower a star because the prices seem to be ridiculously jacked up - especially the boosts! I noticed at least a $0.63+ increase per boost, as I had JUST had Jamba Juice a few days before in San Diego, CA. Seriously? Not a happy camper.
1	After a week of debauchery in Sin City I wanted to start my cleanse. Saw Jamba Juice thought perfect. Order the strawberry, banAna, peanut butter thought it sounded good, was I wrong it was so nasty I couldn't eat it. Went to return it and not sure if was the manager she's said what's wrong? I said it taste very bad, she says you ordered it, I know I ordered it, however I didn't think it would taste like dookie... Anyhow, she seemed all upset about it just plain bad customer service... Sure wish I had Juice it up, Pitaya bowl. She have me a berry bowl, not much better. Not sure what's up with the quality here at the airport. Go with the juices or something else. Cheers
4	Don't worry if there's a long line... the staff are on top of all the orders without missing a beat. There was no up-sell and they ran out of green juice but the service and quality were spot-on!
5	Ordered a medium kale smoothie. A bit pricey, as I paid over 7$, but it was delicious. The gal who made my smoothie made too little to fit a medium cup. When she noticed this, she told me she wanted to go back and add more ingredients to top it off. Yummy and healthy!
5	This place is great!  Love starting my day off right with a healthy juice.  Place is so clean and the wait is minimal, even during the peak hours.  Pricing is very affordable.
5	This Jamba Juice has a great location right outside of security and the staff is quick and friendly! Love the fact that they have plenty of seating too!
3	After you put your order in, there are tons of people waiting for the drink but the service is pretty fast.  This convenience of being fast taps into the quality of their drinks.  I ordered a small Strawberry Surf Rider and it came back super watered down... Need I say more?
