3	We were seated in a taller table with one side featuring booth seating and the other high chairs. One thing we noticed was the chairs sat slightly lower than the booth side, making me feel like the person across from me was looking down on me like i was a child (i overheard the table next to us say the same thing). Food-wise, we went with the Killer Chili ($5.50)  and a Nix Cheese Burger ($8.95) with sweet potato fries.The chili came in a small bean crock bowl, some restaurants might equate this size to a cup rather than a bowl. The chili tasted good, but wasn't served hot, it arrived just slightly warm. i thought the burger was tasty, although i don't recall the bacon jalapeno onion jam even being on the burger as described. The restaurant was quaint and it had a pretty cool feel inside. Service was good. i'm not sure if the tables were too close together or the server just happened to walk by at the wrong times, because i think i elbowed her more than once. Food did come out very quickly as well.  It's essentially a burger joint, but i don't predict it can dethrone Big Daddy Burger for best burgers in Charlotte. However, it is nice to have a new fun place to go in Uptown.
5	I'd disagree with Sam in designating this place merely a "Burger joint" as the differing offers of burgers and toppings put it wildly out of a burger joint's league. The chairs on the tall tables is noticeable, but after talking to the manager about WHY he did it, it makes total sense: It's so the folks on the booth side's view of the tvs isn't blocked. Pretty smart, if unnatural.The wait staff and managers were all exceptionally awesome, warm and inviting people. The burgers came rapidly, the sweet potato fries were the perfect compliment, and the environment was lively, but not loud. The music stuck out as being particularly great; maybe it's just because I haven't heard good music in a restaurant in a while.I'm going back tomorrow night after the Bobcats game to take down Jenn's Trashcan, and I can't wait.
4	Food - My burger was really good. The fries were ok. I say ok because they were regular crinkle cut fries. Now, I like those quite a bit. But, there's nothing any more special about them than that. They have lots of burger combinations to choose from.Service - Our waitress was good. She took our order quickly and kept my tea glass filled. That's about all I need. Someone else brought our food to the table. They took it to the wrong table first, but we were close by and could direct them over to us once we realized it was our order. I watched this happen two other times while I was there. The seating is at long, community tables, so this may be the source of the confusion.Price - It's a little steep for a burger. It might compare well to other burger joints, but with drink (tea), tax and tip, I was on the hook for almost $12 for a burger and fries.Atmosphere - It feels a little like a trendy sports bar to me. I don't say trendy in a bad way, just not blue collar. If you like hanging out with the popular crowd, you'll like this place.I'll be back. I think some of the kinks will probably get worked out as the place settles down.
3	Wow!  The entire of Nix is just beautiful, but I think that's the problem.  It's a beer/burger place, but in what looks like a high scale restaurant.  I ordered the regular burger with onion rings (.50 more, and I only got 8) for about $8.50.  I like my burgers rare, and while NC law won't allow that -- they did ask if I wanted a pink center, which I did, and it came out with a pink center.  Yea!!!  My burger and onion rings were quite tasty, but I would have been just as happy with a Whopper from BK.  Go just to enjoy the atmosphere, it's lovely, but I'm not sure that I would go for dinner again.  Just too expensive for what they are trying to do.
3	For a burger place, this has a lot going for it, but there is room for improvement.  I sat in a chair at a taller table, and felt extremely short (even more than usual).  It would have been worse if it was a meal that required a knife and fork, but since it didn't, I eventually got used to it. I guess I just wasn't in the greatest of moods when we went, but I got a little tired of the burger, spicy cheese, and one additional topping.  I'll just say that I didn't think there was anything too creative going on.  I would have come up with a bit more variety than what was on the menu.  That being said, I had the Texas burger and it was good (onion ring, cheese, bacon, some sauce).  I made it a turkey burger, which I was pleased with.  I got onion rings as a side--they were pretty tasty! I am a sucker for onion rings.  The burgers are about $9 each, and beers range from $2 - 5 dollars.  You have the option of substituting turkey or veggie burger for free or for $4 extra, you can make it a bison burger or Kobe beef.They have a good beer selection as well--I was happy to see a few Starr Hill beers on there (I'm a Charlottesville girl!).  The decor is nice--industrial chic style with flame motif.  The service was good--it wasn't crowded at all, so we were one of her only tables, I think.  I gave it three stars, since it a good meal, but it wasn't anything too special. You won't be disappointed if you end up here some afternoon or evening.
3	I've only been there for lunch. Smallish place, combination high tables and boothes. Essentially another make-your-own burger joint, but with very good combinations. I had the pitsburger northern burger and it was a very tasty combination of cheese, thousand island dressing, fries and grilled onions. The star was the side: sweet potato fries! Probably best ones I've had since we moved down here from Boston. Service was good - fast, efficient, mistake free. Prices are average to expensive, not a place I'd go to regularly but a nice treat.
3	When you first walk into Nix Burger & Brew you notice one thing immediately....this place is pretty small and not good for large groups of people.  This place is more geared to smaller groups of people or couples.  The whole feel of the place is laid back and seems like a good place to take a date.The burgers there are pretty awesome, I would recommend the Southern Classic Burger, the Texas Cheese Burger, and the NIX Cheese Burger but those are just the ones I've tried.They also have a drink special every day of the week with a pretty big selection of beers.  Mind-bottling I know, but it's true!
1	I went to Nix today for lunch on advice from a friend.  Maybe it was a bad day, but it was bad enough for me not to bother ever going back. The menu sounds delicious in theory.  When I got my burger, it tasted like someone had spilled a whole container of salt on it.  It was so salty I could barely even eat it.  If the waitress would have come to our table to check up on us after we received our food, I would have definitely complained.  The place is pretty small, but she never came to our table until after we had stacked our plates and pushed them to the edge of the table.  My boyfriends glass was empty for a very long time and wasn't refilled until she brought the check to our table.  Their only saving grace was that they the onion rings didn't suck. Our meal - 2 burgers (that came with sides) and 2 drinks totaled $25 not including having to leave a tip.  In conclusion:  Nix was overpriced, had a horrible burger and even worse service.  If you go downtown, don't waste your time here.  There are too many better places to go.  Or better yet, skip downtown and go to The Penguin.
4	Great place to catch a quick meal before a show at the Belk Theater.High points - Great service, great tasting burger, nice beer selection. We mentioned that we had limited time to eat, and our server took great care to get us in and out quickly. My NIX Cheeseburger was excellent, cooked as I ordered. The only down sides were that it was a bit pricey and the layout of the place made it feel a little cramped where we sat.
5	We found ourselves in Uptown Charlotte one day for lunch and wanted to try someplace we hadn't been to before.  We went down Tryon St, wandering past Nix off to the side, and then decided to go back.  I was certainly glad we did.  Having gotten there just before the lunch rush, we were seated right away.  I loved the decor inside.  It was very casual, modern, and cozy, although perhaps a bit too cramped for some.  Because of limited seating/space, there was a line after we arrived, so I can see how that would be a pain.  You just gotta plan accordingly! Loving spicy food, I ordered the Cajun Black & Bleu Burger.  With apologies to my dining partners, I could not shut up about how good the burger tasted.  Not only were the toppings (bacon, blue cheese) excellent and piled high, but the burger itself had so much flavor itself, even though here in NC they can't cook it pinker like I like it (boo!).   And the cajun seasoning gave it that kick I love and complemented the coolness of the blue cheese.  It was seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Maybe I just got lucky that day and there was a good batch of meat or a great chef, but eating that delicious burger makes me want to go back to Nix the next time I'm hanging out in Uptown.
3	Nix is a great place to grab a beer and a burger.  They have a good selection of burgers that tend to the "gourmet" side - one has carmalized onions and gruyere cheese.  They are tasty - i have had about 4 off the menu and the sweet potato fries are yummy.  If you like burgers try this place if you are in town.  Service is pretty quick and friendly!
4	I have been to Nix a few times. Each time the food was good. The staff on the other hand doesn't know too much about the menu. I have had the cucumber salad, which is really good, the sweet potato fries and onion rings. They were all delicious. The other reviews are right, you haev to time getting there right or you wont be seated.Over all pretty good, but a little slow with the service.
4	Took my best friend there from NY when he helped me move. Cool place, great beers. Like the outside seating, and it was open on a Sunday at noon.
4	Nix is a good lunch spot, though a little expensive for the lunchtime crowd.Their burgers are good, though I feel kind of heavy after having one. Their sweet potato fires are very good and their mac and cheese isn't bad if you like to mix it up.There is a wait alot of times and I'm not a huge fan of the group-seating bar in the middle of the restraunts, though I guess it makes sense for them to save space.The staff is nice and normally do a good job. They are aware of the "one hour" lunch and don't waste your time.The atmosphere is very cool with the metal on the ceilings and flames. I always say if Big Daddy's and Mac's had a baby - it would be Nix. Best burger in town? No. Best burger in Uptown? Quite possibly.
2	I am always amazed when I read 4 star and 5 star reviews and then I actually hit the spot.  Guys... learn to loose the hype.  It is burgers.. and yes there are better.  No they arent the best.. not even close.  The burger world is crowded and it take a lot to stand out.  This does not stand out and warrents 2 stars.... not 4 not 5... come on guys... skip the free appetizer for towing the company line and call it like it is... it is a an okay burger in an okay environment... yes there is worst... but not 4 star worst.
3	I was invited to Nix by a group of friends and once I found parking and actually found the place, I was impressed.  It's not very large at all and kinda reminds me of a small pub - but modern instead of a restaurant.  The food was ok, pricey yes but what in Uptown isn't?  They have a Wii and there's enough space for a group of people however call ahead because it is a small place.
4	I stopped at Nix late at night after a good night on the town, walking around and people watching. I actually followed the food smell to the place, the place was crowded but that was a night after NC won a game so what place that serves beer isn't?The service was pretty good, our server was a tad snappy but with the fact that she was getting called every few minutes to another table it does tend to wear you down.The food is expensive, but well worth the money. The servings are HUGE and the burgers are cooked to order. It was very modern and a bit art deco but that late at night I really didn't care about the interior, I wanted a late night meal.Good place to go, even for the last stop of the night.
3	Ate at nix on 7/11. Texas burger was good, meat was cook perfectly as requested but could have used more BBQ sauce. The onion rings however were not good. They were very doughy. On my visit it was some sort of 1/2 off burger special, burger with onion rings and a beer was only $9.
4	Good burger, slow service - ESP at lunch. Convenient to walk to but don't drive - no parking.
4	This was a great place.  The burgers are made well and very juicy.  Price-point is very good.  We were in town for a convention and brought 40 people in and Terrance took great care of our group.  I would definitely go there again.
5	I went with big group, luckily was able to try most of the items offered hereAppetizers:Hand breaded onion rings (was ok, like at most other places)Firecracker shrimp (tasted similar to the one offered at PF Changs)Boneless buffalo wings (disappointment)Nix disco fries (ultimate winner)Entrees:Charlotte's late night burger (I ordered it. Burger was very juicy and every bite urged to eat more)My friends ordered these burgers and everyone liked it. It's strange to order veggie pattie at beef burger joint but it is definitely worth a try.Double decker triple cheese burger French quarter chicken breastJamaican me crazy burgerSouthwestern cheese burgerTempting veggie burgerDecor: Unlike other fast burger joint place, this place has a very high end interior and very colorful.Bottom line: Definitely worth a visit if in the Charlotte area.FYI: Restaurant.com has a gift certificate for this place.
3	As a most-of-the-time vegetarian who occasionally falls off the wagon, I find that the reality of eating burgers at Nix generally doesn't live up to my anticipation. I've eaten here a few times, and the experience is a little inconsistent. I order the same thing every time - the mushroom Swiss burger, medium rare. It sometimes comes out well-done, sometimes medium, and sometimes as I've ordered it.  Overall, cooking issues aside, though, these burgers are perfectly fine, but that's all. Re: the sides, I've tried the regular fries, the sweet potato fries (boy will I be glad when this fad is over), the onion rings and the tater tots. I think the tots are the best. The batter on the onion rings has a bitter taste (beer batter maybe, but I didn't like it). Second place goes to the regular fries. If you're just in the mood for a basic burger, this place will do the trick. If you're more of a connoisseur, you may be disappointed.
2	I couldn't wait to try this place - I had heard so many great things about the burgers and I do love a great burger.  There was really nothing special about the burger!  We were there for lunch - I have a feeling that this place is the ultimate after having a few and being really hungry.  But for me - if you want a GREAT burger, go to Sonoma for the Kobe beef burger - much much better - but not as casual of an atmosphere...
2	Sitting at my desk, thinking about what deliciousness will be touching these lips for lunch, got me craving a burger in the worst way. A couple coworkers and myself decided on Nix to fill this HUGE burger void of mine. We dug out a menu and the fun began.I tried the Chipotle Honey BBQ Bacon Burger. Come on, who weren't try something with that name?!?! I also got an order of sweet potato fries. The burger wasn't all it was cracked up to be. I barely tasted the Chipotle or Honey or BBQ or Bacon for that matter. There was probably one bite that made my knees quake, but every other bite you'd think it was a plain meat pattie. Needless to say, I was a little disappointed with the quality of the burger.Now let's dig into the Sweet Potato fries. They were very good, but lacking the syrup that comes with them! Sweet Potato Fries + Syrup = Salivation Nation.I want to go back, sit by the bar, and then try the burger drunk. It seems like the right place to end a drunken night out. Before I give the LBD rating to it, let me try that. You will see me update this soon.
3	We live in the same neighborhood as this place. Have been many times and they do have delicious burgers (most times). Love the Pitts-burger and onion rings. This star rating would have been higher but several times we have tried to go during business hours and found the doors locked. The management apparently just opens and closes when they want which is disturbing. The last two times this happened we just walked across the street to Molly McPhearson's. So note to management- if you want to stop losing business to nearby places then you should probably be open when you say you will be open.
3	So 7 of us headed uptown to see a Charlotte Checkers game to celebrate a friend's birthday.  He wanted to go to NIX so that's where we ended up.  It's a cozy little spot right in the middle of uptown.I'll start with the burgers.  They were a good size (way bigger than a place like 5 Guys) and were reasonably priced.  While not the best burger I've ever had in Charlotte, it definitely was not bad.  You can also sub turkey, veggie, chcken, etc for the meat.Here's is where they lose a lot of points - the sides.  At a burger place, fries are almost as important as the burger.  The fries and tots were not even close to homemade and looked and tasted a lot like frozen Ore-Ida products.  Beer selection is very limited with the specials being Bud and Busch (ouch).  They had a few decent bottles (Fat Tire, Highland Gaelic,) and a few on tap but nothing local.  Service was decent and food served pretty quick.  If they would at least improve their fries, I'd bump them up to 4 stars.  I can heat up frozen crinkle fries at home.
3	I am a sucker for a deal, so before work sometimes I will hit up the 1/2 price deal from 3-6pm.  Too many choices of burgers that have you staring at the menu for a good 10 minutes, but they will let you customize if you know what you want that isnt on there.  Overall, decent burger, soggy O rings, good service and a 4 buck bill......I would go back, only for the 1/2 price deal though
5	Last night I walked all around uptown in Charlotte, NC last night with my friend and ran across this place. You've got to try this place! They have THE BEST burgers in NC - hands down!
4	If you can manage to get here between 3-5 pm on week days their once slightly price burgers are half off.  So make it a late lunch or early dinner and wrap your lips around one of the most creative and "accessorized" burgers in charlotte.  My favorite is the "Big 'Ol Texas" burger.  It comes with barbecue sauce, cheddar and onion rings  The burgers ar not as greasy / tasty as Five Guys but still pretty delicious and as I said earlier the options on the menu is mind boggling with all the varieties of burgers from portabella mushroom to jamaican jerk! You also can not go wrong with fries here. The seasoned are my favorite, but most people go ga ga over the sweet potato or disco fries which have more gravy on them than the lord should allow.  Great service although if you are getting your burger well done expect to wait a bit.
2	The night started out with a craving for mac n cheese. My boyfriend and I googled a few places in Charlotte that served it and Nix came up as one of them. Since I live within walking distance we decided on here. When we got there we stood around for a minute waiting to be noticed and then were told by a flustered waitress to pick anywhere to sit and somebody will notice. When we sat down we were greeted by a soft spoken server who wasn't particularly knowledgeable of the menu. We asked a few questions, one in particular being about where the mac n cheese was on the menu. Apparently it had been removed a while before and no one had bothered to update their website. We decided to stay, my boyfriend and I were both starving and couldn't wait any longer. We started with the tater tot app which wasn't completely disappointing. The concept was nice, we just simply waited too long. Again we had to wait a good while until we got drink refills and to order our burgers. Once they did come out you could tell the food had been sitting in the window for a while and the burgers at that point were tough and generally unappetizing. This place has potential if they take a new look at the service team and standards and bump up the quality of food a little bit. I may try again next year once some of the servers have been turned over.
4	Really solid burgers!  All three of us that went were impressed, but it was nothing all that unique to be blown away by.  They make their own veggie burgers which is pretty cool though.  Fairly good beer selection to wash it down with.  They have some regional/micro stuff but once again nothing off the wall.
3	For a place specializing in burgers, their burgers are really unimpressive. They are not bad by any means. Just boring. The outside seating is a plus though.
4	This place is the best for burgers in Charlotte.  The fried pickles are the best anywhere.  You may even run into some celebrities. We met some of the Charlotte Bobcats there.  The service is great and the food has consistent quality.  The beer's not bad either. Try the Texas Burger (bacon, cheese, onion rings, BBQ sauce) Unbelievable! Go NIX!
3	Nix has very good burgers, some with quite interesting toppings (hot dog, anyone?). I tend to order either the Nix Cheeseburger or the Southern Classic Burger, no chili. The burgers are thick, juicy, and cooked correctly (that can be key around here!). I am not sure they are the best I have had in Charlotte, but they are up there.Tatar Tots are my side of choice (I had sweet potato fries on my last visit - they left a lot to be desired). Disco Fries are a pretty tasty app.Overall, good place for a burger!
3	service was great and so was the food. maybe im used to nasty greasy burgers in tx, but this burger was very clean and tasted great. i got the big ol tx burger with the tater tots, delicious. i like the 2bucks pbr. i would def come back here.  total tab was like 13 bucks with tip
4	Great burgers and cold beer. Horrible parking.
3	$4 martinis Tuesdays YAY!!!  I was here last night with the boyfriend and I loved it!  We started with the Angry Fries ($5.95) which were chunky steak potato fries with a delish queso like cheese sauce on top, spare bacon bits and slices of green onion - YUM this would be great hangover food!!!  I was trying to save room for my burger and it is a good thing I did!  I am not a dude and dont like obscenely large burgers.  The Northern Pittsburger was not totally obscene but borderline.  I dont mind lots of toppings if I order them, I just cant get through giant meat patties.  It kind of ruins the burger for me if things arent exactly balanced.  IMHO then patty on this burger is too big.  So I had to take the top of the bun off and dissect the burger with a knife and fork.  Great concept, just not super execution.  I couldnt taste or see some of the toppings it was supposed to come with like the coleslaw and dressing.  I feel like if I went back though and order the same thing maybe it would be put together better.....It was worth the $8.95 I guess.  (Sigh I miss our OLD Penguin and getting my small block and fries for $5.65 total waaaaaa)...It also came with a side - I got the coleslaw - it is mayo based and light - perfection.  Reminded me of KFC coleslaw - my favorite!!!  I liked the decor too, it wasnt busy for a Tuesday night but there were people in and out.  It is a cool place with big-screen tvs.  Great place to watch the game!  :-D
3	First off, coolest outdoor sign in uptown Charlotte.  You get an extra star Nix just for that alone.  Otherwise...2 stars.  Admitted burger fanatic here so given the chance to dine at a joint that promotes it as their claim to fame I can't pass it up.  I've eaten here twice and both times I haven't been overly impressed.  Listen up all burger restaurant Owners....I want to be WOW'd.  I'm a food challenge fan and when I order a burger I want to have trouble finishing it.  These little 6" circumference burgers you are pushing aren't cutting it for me in my time of need.  I eat healthy 99% of the time but when I walk through the doors at a place like this I am there to throw down and need a challenge.  I understand the whole menu can't be huge, insane burgers but give me an option at least for Pete's sake (I'm sure Pete loved burgers) /rant.Ok, back to the specifics.  The burgers here are what I would call 'backyard grill' style with the thick patties.  I don't particularly care for that style but it gets the job done.  Secondly, EVERY burger comes with a sesame seed bun.  One word....why?  Again, I want variety.  What if I want a burger croissant? Or a burger bagel, or I don't know, a regular bun non sesame seeded....lol.  Just seems odd to me.I had the All American Cheese Burger last night and it was good, no complaints on the temperature in which it came out (medium well), perfectly cooked....just left me wanting more.  Hey, I was hungry!In addition to the burgers the drink special seem to be pretty good.  Last night my girlfriend and I tried on the $4 Martini specials.  Can't really beat that.Bottom line...give NIX a try.  Good location, nice little sports style atmosphere, decent drink specials and decent food.  No worries.
3	I think I've just come to a point where I know I'm not a "high-end burger restaurant" fan. When I pay $11 bucks for a restaurants lunch special, which includes the mushroom Swiss burger, drink, and a side, I expect to have my skirt blown up by the burger and the side. Sadly, I have been disappointed more often than not at specialty burger restaurants like this. Burger was good, but again, you are paying anywhere between $8-$9 for a burger. Not only that, but it's JUST for the burger. Sides are a la carte, unless you get the lunch special. My friend said it best...."any self-respecting burger joint in the USA will serve their burger with fries". Trying to serve a burger without fries (or another side) in America is like serving apple pie without the apples, or a hot dog without a bun, mustard, and ketchup. It's just plain un-American! Not only that, but the sides, which will run you $2.95 a pop, are forgettable at best. Cole Slaw had no flavor whatsoever (not even, mayo, salt, pepper flavor...it was literally just chopped cabbage), and you get like, 10 tots in one order. If I had paid $2.95 for the side I got (instead of having it included with the special), I would have sent it back and requested it be removed from the bill. Service was very good, and friendly. She even offered us to-go drinks (we didn't ask). That said, however, we took an early lunch, and as such, were the only ones in the restaurant. Not hard to give good service to one table of two. Probably would be a 2 stars, but I'm going to score it like this. They get .5 stars back for attentive friendly service, and .5 stars back for actually being willing to cook a burger under Medium. Not many restaurants are willing to do this anymore. They may SAY they will cook a burger medium rare, but this is one of the few places I've found that will actually do it.Until I find a place that will prove me wrong, I'm sticking with greasy-spoon diners, who serve their burgers dripping, with heaping sides for $6 - $7.
3	Came here for my birthday, we were the only table. Our poor waitress couldn't handle 11 of us. Wow. Food was great though
4	This is the most interesting burger place I've ever been to.  It has the most original burgers.  Plus buffalo burgers!  It's totally way too expensive, but it's definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Not too greasy either.  The place is a little small and the fire theme is a little interesting.  Still don't get why there are hub caps on the ceiling.  Overall, great place.  I wish they delivered...
2	Two stars for 2:00pm super late lunch service.  Came here with couple of coworkers.Had to ask the hostess to have a server come to us - sat there for like 10 minutes at least. Servers looked like they were ready to take care of their shift and get outta there. Stacking glasses, etc. Not ready to help us. That's just poor.Ordered the Texas Burger based on yelp.  Server came back 5 minutes later asking if I wanted something else bc there were no onion rings. what is that? no onion rings? you're telling me the RESTAURANT RAN OUT OF ONIONS?!Forever to take our bill, I had to get up again. We weren't in a hurry - just service was bad.  Customers first guys, then work on cleaning up or whatever..dmo out
4	I will admit that if I had a choice between a hotdog or a hamburger, I would choose a hotdog. I guess that's weird? Anyway, I eat a burger about once a month and don't really know what a GREAT one tastes like because they just aren't top on my list of food items I have to have often. Pizza, on the other hand.. oh yeah.So, I've been to Nix several times and each time I get the same dang burger because when I want a burger I prefer it to consist of this: Beef, Cheddar cheese, Bacon, Fried onion strings, Barbecue sauce: a Cowboy burger! You can find those anywhere but Nix's is really great and their fries are the trusty little crinkle cuts! I don't think these burgers are just as good as Big (Bad) Daddy's but they are still very delicious. They are located in the heart of uptown but close fairly early at night (I'm sure to avoid the super drunk crowd). They have a small bar, which is usually where I sit, and a decent beer selection as well. Nix is one of the bars in Charlotte that I have found to carry Seadog Blueberry. Yummmm.Caution: You will be full when you leave here! Also, the decor inside the restaurant is pretty cool. There are large chrome rims that hang and are placed in the dining room for a more casual rock type feel. I also witnessed a bartender wearing heels one night behind the bar (how do you walk on bar mats in those??).. so I am not sure what that was about...
4	Had a really good burger with pimento cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. It was messy, like most good burgers are, and they cooked it medium rare.  Good onion rings also.
5	Awesome food. Good prices. Great customer service. The bucket of nuts is a steal! Good lighting and atmosphere. 7 flat screens for perfect viewing from every seat in the house. They take restaurant.com coupons and it covers alcohol and food unlike other places that only cover food. Nachos were fully loaded and tasty!Update: TUESDAYS buy a set of wings get one set of wings8 wings $6.9912 wings $9.991612 wings $16.99
2	Nix was a decent burger joint located in downtown Charlotte. Their local beer draft selection wasn't very big but they did have some good ones. We went on a sat night and they weren't busy at all. It would be a great place to take a group of friends. The atmosphere was decent but the waitstaff was slow and inattentive. Burgers weren't the best quality of beef and it showed. If you like a lot of topping choice though this is your place. The house made pimento cheese tasted like melted cheese dip. It was ok. Our experience wasn't that great. We wouldn't go back.
3	Nix has returned to the great burger joint that it originally was.  They will cook your burger to order, which is unusual downtown, or most places due to BC state law.  Service could always be better, so keep food expectations high and service expectations lower and you should enjoy your visit.
5	Half priced awesome burgers between 2 and 5pm = best working lunch in uptown.
3	Went early on a Friday afternoon before seeing a musical we had free tickets to.  They were running a Caesar chicken wrap special.  Best wrap I have had in a long time.  My side was o rings which were alright, nothing special though.  My sister and her b friend ordered burgers with a side of sweet potato fries and tater tots.  Again the sides were nothing to get excited about, tater tots were much to salty even for a salt fan like myself.  Not even edible In our opinion.  Service was adequate at best.  We were one of two tables our server had and she was basically never seen except to take order and give us our bill.
4	Get your fixing of awesome, yummy, unhealthy burgers here. Excellent sweet potato fries as well. Wait staff is hit or miss.
3	Not bad for happy hour hut it ends at 5pm.  The disco fries or their version of the Jersey staple was an OK attempt.  I mean who puts bacon and tomatoes on Disco fries.  It should be fries, gravy and cheese smothered!  That is what I remember from my Jersey diner days.  The wings were quite good though.
1	Hello Friends!!As some of my Yelp Friends may know by my Check In on today, that i had the misfortune of "checking in" to this place. I normally DONT do "One Star" reviews, This warrants it.Welp, we (by now you know who "we" are) walked around a bit tryin to find something different.(albeit in the rain). We ventured into NIX. It was a whopping 3 tables with patrons. I stood at the door for a moment (you know, like the way you would if you were somewhere else that cared about customer service) waiting to be greeted/seated. STEEEEERIKE OneSince everybody had a case of the "don't look that way" eye's, i walked to the bar. (You know, where you Should have faster service). Welp by this time I had been inside this dirty place for about 2 mins (not a long time, but it is when your standing looking like a gump waiting to be acknowledged). I waited, (Checked in via YELP) and Finally was greated. I said, YAY ME, I WAS JUST ABOUT TO WALK OUT, ME AND CASPER, the friendly ghost. (since i must be invisible). She gave me a menu, and did her best David Blain (poof, ghost)..The bartender NEVER showed up.. STEEEERIKE TWOWell, by this time, maybe 4-6 mins later (a total of 6-8 mins being ignored..,,while on lunch) I just walked off, and took my talents to Fox & Hound. With that being said, thanks Nix for saving me 8-12 bucks!STEEEERIKE THREE.... your OUTTA HERE!!
4	I ordered the Pittsburger, it was good and cooked medium-well exactly as I ordered. The fries were just ok, I should have ordered the tots instead since they looked awesome.  I would definitely return.
2	I went to Nix on a Sunday evening with my fiance. We heard this was one of the best burger spots in Charlotte. I know Sunday night may not the busiest time for restaurants, but this place was empty aside from three people at the bar. The three at the bar were having a VERY good time with the bartender. From the time we walked in until the time we left the four of them were laughing loudly, yelling, cursing and knocking things over. When we ordered the waitress let us know they were out of bacon. 10 of their 18 burgers include bacon. My second choice wasn't bad. The men's room was gross. The door was broken and old kegs are stockpiled in there. In the time we were there (about 6:45 to 7:30) about 20 people were turned away and the doors were eventually locked before we left. I was expecting a burger joint, but it was more like a dive bar. While the food was decent, the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. I would go back if I was invited by someone already going, but I won't be going back myself or recommending it to anyone.
4	Went here for an impromptu casual date night. The burgers were great! The game was on so my fiance was definitely happy. I forget the name of the burger I ordered but it came with a hotdog...wow! I can't wait to go back
