5	This place rocks. I'm going to have to find something like it out in CA now. I love their selection of beef jerky and hot sauce. Their home made sauce is the best tasting hot sauce I've ever had, sadly I only got a little bottle free with some beef jerky. You can taste just about anything there they have a lot of exotic meats to try like alligator, bison, I think they even had some kangaroo? The people are really friendly there and enjoy talking about their products so if you have a question just ask them. -Be careful trying their hot sauces though, they have the hottest stuff known to man. I tried and then bought the Z(nothing beyond) hot sauce which is 4 mil scu and it was so hot and good I had to buy it. DO NOT TRY "The Source" it is 100% capsaicin extract and will melt your face, I was not stupid enough to try it. although, if you look them up on youtube or their website there are videos of plenty of people who have.
5	This place was great!  On our road trip to SC I had a jerky craving and decided to hit the keyword into Yelp, I was surprised/excited to see that this place existed!  The store is lined with barrels of every kind of jerky you could imagine, with little cups full of samples.  (& it def wasn't one of those places where ya feel weird trying to many!)  The staff was very open and welcoming.  He made sure my boyfriend and I tried everything we were interested in before leaving the store.  (without being pushy at all!)  We left with prob $40 of merchandise.  Which was an immense amount of jerky! (& hot sauce) especially considering the price of mediocre jerky at the grocery store!
5	Two words... Jerky Heaven!  As soon as you come in the guys behind the counter let you know that you can sample the jerky before you buy, they also have hot sauces and salsa to sample as well.  Great place, my husband felt like a kid in a candy shop.
4	I like jerky as much as - if not more than - the next guy.  And that is not meant to exclude all you ladies out there who like your meat, it is usually just simpler to keep pronouns to a single sex.  The male choice just seemed to make more sense here.Most of us are familiar only with one sort of jerked meat for sale - that advertised by the late "Macho Man" Randy Savage, and being the one that comes pressed into a wholly unnatural, if somewhat logical, form - yet you can snap it if you so choose, as if to say "I can snap my meat, and that is good".For all of you who have been searching for more, you have found your mecca.Here, barrels line the wall with dozens of jerky flavors, where you can select your own meat by the pound.  Sanitation?  Apparently not necessary.  Pre-weighed and sealed vacuum packs hang from hooks throughout the store if the barrels give you the heebies, and you even have the option to pick up a blend for your own meat if you so choose.Also make sure to grab a card in case you are a serial meat jerker, and get it stamped on each visit to the outlet.The only downside, other than the possible sanitation issues?  The selection is perhaps a bit weak.  Your somewhat standard beef, turkey and even alligator is available, but some more exotic meats would be a good thing.  Bison, elk, kangaroo?  Not here.  Maybe one day, when meat jerking is more acceptable.
5	What can I say "I love jerky". This place has the best selection of jerky I have ever encountered. I suggest the death by jerky if you like food with a kick. They also have  a great selection of hot sauces. I tried "The Source" and it is the hottest sauce I have ever tasted. It is 8.4 million scu. It is not for the faint at heart. Worth a drop in visit if in the area for the large numbers of samples of jerky present.
5	My family came in for a visit and they wanted to visit the Harley Davidson store. As we were leaving there we noticed the little sign out front of the beef jerky store that said, "Free Beef Jerky Samples!!!!" with a smiley face. Ok, FREE is the magic word already, throw in JERKY, SAMPLES and :) and it's pretty much a given I'm walking in the front door and not leaving for awhile. Wow, they had jerky of all types there... beef, turkey, deer, wild game, stuff I'd never heard of and cherry flavored stuff...and I'm on overload and can't even begin to remember them all. My boyfriend walked out with about 3 bags of jerky and I had a sweet tooth so I ended up getting some of their deep fried peanuts. Ok, pretty much ANYTHING deep fried is amazing right?? So they instructed me to eat the peanut shell and all. I looked at the guy like he was trying to kill me and I proceeded to take the shell off. He piped up and said, "NO!! The shell has all the flavor!!" and popped one in his mouth. I looked at him still skeptical as I put that peanut shell and all into my mouth and then my expression most likely changed to pure bliss as that sugary deep fried peanut brittle flavor washed over my tongue. Holy CRAP!! Who knew a shell of a peanut was tasty covered in deliciousness or even edible? The jerky was awesome, the peanuts were awesome, and they even sold pop and other drinks as well as some sweets and old timey candy. This place was awesome and I'd drive to Concord to go back any day.
4	My husband loves this place. I even bought flavored crickets as a joke gift for xmas haha. Jerky is good here and cant beat being able to try it before you buy it. Only thing is the workers are quite eager to get the sale so they follow you around literally. They are very nice though Im sure they have just been told to ask people several times if they need help. . Wil be going back.
4	*This place is in a new location* it is now across the street next to 5 Guys.A beef jerky outlet....proof that God exists :)Who knew they could make so many flavors of jerky? And the variety of animals that can be jerked....insert joke here...My favs are the teriyaki and the bourban...but really they all rock on my opinion. The good news is you can try samples of every last one of them.They also carry other goodies paced with flavor including peanuts (eat the shell and all) hot sauces and rubs to name a few.The prices are fair....remember you get what you pay for, and this not slim Jim we are talking about.Bottom line.....do yourself a flavor and check this place out.
3	I bought four different types of beef jerky, @$27.00 per bag. Beef jerky is supposed to be tender, dried, and flavorful. A little bit of toughness is OK, but a stringy, tanned leather quality is not acceptable. My thoughts: Cherry/Maple: Almost all of this bag of jerky is so tough as to be inedible. Flavor isn't all that either. I wouldn't buy this again.Peppercorn/Black Pepper: Imagine taking a bite of jerky, and then putting your tongue into a spoon filled with cracked black pepper. The sensation is intense, and not entirely pleasant. One piece of this jerky at a time, is about all that I can tolerate. Most of the jerky in this pack has been tender. I would not buy this flavor again - just too rad flavored.Teriyaki: My favorite flavor. Very disappointed with the quality of the jerky in this pack. Most of the beef was like shoe leather. Tough. Stringy. Some entire pieces inedible, and had to throw into the trash. At this price point, that's not good. The flavor is wonderful, but the abysmal quality of the jerky itself is a letdown. I would and will buy teriyaki beef jerky again - from Flying J truck stops, where their quality is far superior and the prices are MUCH cheaper. Honey Barbecue: Supposedly, their top seller. Good barbecue taste. There were some tender pieces in this bag, which should have been the norm. I don't like it well enough to buy it again though. Fried peanuts: I bought four bags of these, "eat the shell and all," thin skinned, salted peanuts. I love these things. Also, if you have a problem with not "being regular," these peanuts will cure that problem for you. LMAO. Roughage, folks.Saltwater taffy. I bought two or three bags. I'm not sure, because these bags are all gone. I got hooked on this stuff as a kid, while visiting Myrtle Beach. This taffy is excellent, especially the cinnamon, banana, and peppermint flavors. Its hard not to eat ten pieces at a time.They feature an assortment of Hot sauce(s), some of which promise that you will feel the burn - three times. Ouch! The salespeople are friendly, and they will gladly offer samples. They have been trained to upsell customers - so be careful, or you'll spend too much - like I did. ;o)Bottom line: I would definitely go back if I were in the area. I would be buying taffy and peanuts though. Their jerky is just too damned expensive, and the quality is not evident.
3	Heading back on a long 9 hour drive back from Virginia the sign of beef jerky beckoned me for miles along a deserted stretch of highway, and then I knew I had to stop. Seriously meat lovers you must stop here. I picked up a goodie bag of assorted dried meats from alligator to antelope here for the man in my life and headed home. They were even so nice as to give me a jerky outlet bumper stickers. Prices are okay, and they let you have plenty of samples. Don't miss out on the Salmon teriyaki jerky its amazing!
4	If you like jerky you will love this place. I found this place months ago on my way to Concord Mills in a strip mall next to Five Guys. They have all kinds of jerky beef, turkey, deer even salmon jerky. I bought some turkey jerky which was tasty. They had deep fried peanuts where you eat the shell and all. I got the honey roasted/candied one but I couldn't get use to eating a whole peanut like so I wasn't fan of the deep fried peanuts. They also had jellies and spreads too. I got the chunky apple jelly which reminds my of apple pie filling very good. They had a jam called seeet potato which is sweet potatoes, nuts and spices made into a spread which I really want to try next time. I also want to try the salmon jerky and other varieties of the beef too. The have samples you can which I like and everyone was helpful. Great jerky spot.
5	Saw a sign for this store while driving home from Raleigh back to Fort Mill, SC from Thanksgiving and was intrigued. We braved the busy Black Friday traffic at Concord Mills and we were not disappointed. Now, we imagined this place to be much bigger than what it was as it says 'OUTLET' but we were not disappointed. Lots of variety and the best part is you could sample just about everything. TIP: Be sure to realize that everything on the left side of the store is smoked...everything on the right side is more of what you find at the gas station (can't remember the term), but we really enjoyed everything on the left. Excellent quality jerky...I recommend this place! James
5	Two words: BEEF JERKY. What can one say about a store that is dedicated to the ultimate man snack? Give me more!!!This place has it all. Beef jerky, exotic game jerky and all things spicy. I actually bought a ton of different jerky and some Indian Ghost Pepper Sauce. Holy Hell. That stuff is dangerous but so fun to watch that friend you have that claims "nothing is too hot for me" run and cry. Go and try the many samples and pick a pound, or more, of your favorite jerky. They have a variety of interesting items but the jerky is king.
5	Stopped here after seeing the billboard on 85. My family loves jerky so we decided to check it out. A smallish store but every kind if beef jerky you can imagine. The honey BBQ is most like the regular jerky but without the chemical flavor you find in the grocery store products. They also have "exotic" meats like elk and buffalo. Definitely worth the stop if you enjoy jerky. The staff was very helpful and friendly. And we were told the owner sends hundreds of pounds of their product to our troops.
