5	Had never heard of this place until last week.  A friend of mine was bull riding on Friday night, so I decided to check this place out.  It only took me 30 minutes to get there...  but, this place felt like world's away!!!  Country-type of atmosphere.  Cowboy hats and boots were abundant!  And the place is really big.  You can do a $10 food buffet outside or go into the back, sit down, eat, drink, and listen to some tunes.  And if you're brave, you can even get up and dance!Also, every Friday night is bull riding.  This was, by far, my favorite part of the evening.  There were 3 rounds.  My friend rode on the 1st bull in the 1st round.  They randomly select which person will ride which bull.  Some people can't stay on, but others stayed on for the full 8 seconds.  It was really neat to watch!  I would highly recommend this place.  Especially if you need to get away from the hustle, bustle, and craziness of the city.
4	My aunt and uncle love this place because the beers are huge and their dog's invited. What more could you want? One time they were there and two folks had ridden their horses right into the bar. This is their kind of place!We sat outside on a perfect afternoon and heard stories of other Buffalo Chip visits. Nothing too crazy and never any bullriding witnessed. They said they'd never seen a fight either but this is the kind of place that just screams Roadhouse fight. Their dog made a best friend there once but he's long gone. I could make best friends here with a tall beer and a pail of peanuts.
5	Our friends in the South Valley didn't believe us when we told them there was a place close to our house to see live Bull riding on a Friday night. This is an experience that is worth taking a little drive. Cave Creek is cute as and the Buffalo Chip fits into the whole down home vibe of the place. We have been here during bike week and it is biker heaven. The crowd is happy and friendly - great for people watchers. The day we went they had a decent live band and people where dancing on the outdoor dance floor with the "ghost town" facade in the background. Friday nights (and Wednesdays) they have live Bull riding and all you can eat BBQ for $10. The food was good and the service was great. The owner personally took care of us and could not have been nicer. They lit a huge fire outside and it was truly magical to sit outside with a cold one, some BBQ and live cowboy entertainment. Perfect for kids...better for them than sitting at home playing video games!
4	I can't believe I have lived just down the road from "Live Bull Riding" - the REAL DEAL - for so long and have only just discovered it!  Buffalo Chip Bull Riding / Peanuts / Beer - all beats Scottsdale on any Friday night.Awesome atmoshpere - Completely FREE if you dont want to drink.If you do want to drink - be sure to see Joey (female) at the bar on the right as you walk into the place - she is awesome - she will remember your name and your beer and have it on ice waiting for you when you go back for 2nds, 3rds etc.....
4	Hey Y'all! No freakin way does a place like this exist. Completely surreal!  I like my country but this is something you have to be in a Honky Tonk mood for!!  You walk in and there is a big bon fire going on with picnic benches and people eating off of paper plates as there is 10.00 all you can eat BBQ going on. seriously.They have an outdoor bull riding ring that starts around 7. And these are real bulls with semi professionals and rodeo clowns and everything. none of that mechanical wimpy stuff.  there are three rounds and they always start of with a little kid riding a lamb. so cute. The bull riding is legit and so fun, definitely a fun crowd!  in between the bull rides you can go inside to listen to a live band! They totally rock my socks! There wasn't any line dancing going on to my dismay but it was fun dancing and singing. Well a funny moment came when they were to sing "Save a house, ride a cowboy" and he was reading the lyrics off of his blackberry. At first I thought he was texting, but no he was reading. I mean who whips out their blackberry when they are on stage? The food, is, well, country food. fried fries, fried chicken, brisket, fried fish-you get the idea.The BEST is the smores! they give you a little fire, skewers and enough fixins for 6 smores! :) yeee haw!
5	The original Cave Creek cowboy bar.  How can anyone argue with live bull riding?  Do yourself a favor though, eat before you go.  The food isn't bad, but I just kind of think its for the tourists.  The Pat James Band plays most nights and is incredibly good to have remained a house band all these years.  Go after 9pm, order something on the rocks and have fun.
5	buffalo chip is awesome.  the bull riding is the real deal and you can expect to see some very tough, young cowboys beaten up a bit by the bulls.  there's a country band and dancing inside, a few bars, bonfires, fish fry and barbecue-everything a person needs for an authentic cowboy experience.  it's very family friendly.
5	Update - We had our wedding rehearsal dinner here - 90% of guests were from "back east"........  To say it was a huge success is an understatement.  Larry the owner / manager is fantastic.  The Buffalo Chip is the real deal and I love it!
2	I would like to break up my review into two parts.First, the food- it is not good.  With the exception of the Onion Rings- everything else was less than mediocre.  Within our group we tried the pork sandwich, rib eye, a salad and the fish fry.  I definitely do not recommend this place for the food.  (although we did eat outside and on this particular evening there was an outside buffet which may have been better).Second- the bull riding on Friday nights- great fun and very entertaining!  These bull riders were the real deal and the crowd and ambience was great.  Big bonfires, drinks, bleachers, etc.  Next time I will definitely eat dinner somewhere else and then head over to BC for the bull riding and drinks only.
4	Tex-Mex food comes to the Buffalo Chip saloon!I stopped by today with the wife for a quick lunch and a nice time out after we attempted to get in to the El Enchanto Mexican restaurant but we forgot that it was Sunday and how much we hated the brunch they serve so we moved on.On the way up through Cave Creek we passed the Buffalo Chip and I saw a new sign outside announcing Tex-Mex so we pulled a quick right turn into the parking lot and went inside.The list of food for traditional bar meals was all there...burgers, fries, onion rings, bla, bla, bla... but on the back side was the Tex-Mex menu and it read pretty simple, enchiladas, tacos, chimis, taco salad. You know, the usual.So I went for the cheese enchiladas with red sauce with a side of rice and the wife ordered a taco salad with shell and all. We also ordered chips and salsa for the wait and I had a very tall cold mug of flat tire amber on draught. Chips were very fresh.I gotta tell ya' I did not expect to get what I ordered. I was thinking greasy food and lots of tums. What showed up was a very hot plate with two nicely filled cheese enchie's, a side of very fresh rice soft and fluffy and the wife's taco salad with shredded chicken was huge! She liked the fresh chicken and the added in guac and sour cream. They also provide a spicy salsa ranch dressing. The large flour shell was fresh and crispy.Honestly, We were completely caught off guard.This was a place I would go back and eat repeatedly. The next time I'll try the shredded beef tacos or a Chicken Chimi!The only draw back for me is I like hot, spicy hot. The sauce for my taste was a little too flat so out came the hot sauce and my palate was satisfied.Great experience!StewBest part... It was cheap and you could order all alacart!Don't be afraid to stop by and check it out!Stew
5	With our growing metropilas in Phoenix, we often forget that we live in the Southwest and there are so many perks to it! Where else can you enter a saloon equipped with live professional bull riding, live music, dancing, an all you can eat five star BBQ buffet and the true feeling of Southwest flavor?I recently visited Buffalo Chip Saloon for a friend's birthday and I felt like I was an Arizona tourist all over again (even though I've lived here 10 years)! To call it charming might make the authentic cowboys cringe, but take it as the highest form of a compliment. The calendar is equipped with fun events every night of the week including live bull riding on Wednesdays and Fridays, mystery dinner theater the first Sunday of every month, open mike nights on Monday, dancing lessons and live music practically every night of the week. Needless to say, this bar is perfect for a special event, out of town visitors or just when you're in the mood for a cowboy of a good time. You have to try the buffet. I probably gained five pounds but it was worth it. My suggestion is to find an excuse to make your way to Cave Creek this weekend to join in the fun.
4	Pretty much guaranteed a fun nite unless its dead... bullriding, country western dancing, corral to park your horse..... ;)
3	Food was good, atmosphere is fun.  If you like country music you'll love this place.
5	Are you a cowboy? A cowgirl? A honky-tonker? A wanna be? Or just a person who loves one-off places? Then this is the place for you. This place is legit and right out of a tombstone movie. At any minute you feel like a duel could start or a bucking bronco could come through the door. Besides that, the food and drink are great and the clientele is amazing (read:real cow pokes). Do it, you know you want to.
4	The hubs & I recently relocated to Cave Creek (yee haw!) and are lovin' life. This place is the perfect example of why.A couple of weeks ago my British husband said to me, "I'm gonna have to check the bull riding schedule."Pardon?"Put on your cowboy boots."Well you don't have to tell me twice.Off we went on a Wednesday night to watch live bull riding and enjoy some cold drinks on the bleachers outside. They have pro and semi-pro riders, but anyone with some balls and the willingness to sign a (very thick) waiver is welcome to give it a whirl. I passed, and advised the hubs that he doesn't have enough life insurance to even begin to consider such an activity. But we sure enjoyed watching everybody else - especially the girl that stayed on longer than her boyfriend - and will absolutely, positively be back for more!We didn't eat, but the drinks were cold, reasonably priced and delivered quickly by a cordial bartender. Love that it's just a couple of minutes away!
4	Live bull riding night, bbq galore, indoor and outdoor bar. View of rodeo action can be crowded. At the front door an open barrel of salted peanuts in the shell. You can even toss the peanut shells on the floor.
2	This must have changed owners from the last time that we visited.  You now have to pay for refills for sodas and there was a hair in my food.  The waitress said that the manager was kind of mean so he wasn't going to discount our meal even though I couldn't eat it.
4	Lots of fun
5	Holy bull riding batman! Here are some updates since my last review. Be sure to visit Buffalo Chip Saloon on Friday nights. The professional live bull riding makes it worth the drive, trust me. Since my last visit, they've built an entirely new edition to the Saloon where they serve the famous BBQ buffet. It's very nice and makes for a good place to sit and eat! I just love it here. This place is definitely what you would think AZ looks like if you lived elsewhere and had never been to Arizona, but sometimes even the locals need a little tourist social night in their life!
3	We went there at lunch time on a Saturday (yesterday) and it wasn't too busy but  every table had a 'reserved' note on it.  We almost left until another customer came up and explained that 'as long as we were out of there before the time it was reserved it was OK to take a reserved table'.  Service was wicked slow; I think they had two waitresses for the whole place.  Our waitress was nice but was running her butt off to keep up with it all.  It took about an hour for our food to arrive.  We had the nacho mama appetizer which was pretty good but they skimped on the pulled pork.  The steaks were cooked right but were dry as could be and they didn't have steak sauce.  It came with cowboy beans which weren't bad, a bag salad with nasty dressing (not homemade for sure) in a cup the size of a coffee cup, and a biscuit smothered in honey which was pretty good.  The steaks were smoky but otherwise weren't that flavorful (no seasoning, marinade,rub,etc).  I'm sorry but if you're a 'steakhouse' you should at least have your own brand of steak sauce if you're not going to stock A1 or your steak better be so good it doesn't need it!It was OK there but I don't think we'd go back.
4	Bull riding Friday nights!  Heck yeah!  Definitely a good time.  Bon fires and beers and men in tight jeans.  Cant beat it.  There's usually a band playing inside too, it's so cute watching older couples two-step together.  Aww...Bathrooms are a bit rough though.  Try and hold it...
4	I can't say that I've tried anything from the menu except Coronas....but, I must say they opened those REALLY WELL! I plan on going back for lunch before I leave town at the end of my winter stay....I'll update my yelpin' at that time!We've gone two Friday nights in a row now for the bull-riding - it's just something I would NEVER otherwise think to go see, but now I'm kinda hooked :) Plus, seeing all those Stetsons, Wranglers, and Tony Lamas put me back in the Country mood that I'd been missing and didn't know it :)There were guests of all ages for the 8:00 bull-riding fun....I'm thinking the crowd changes with the later shows? There was a great band playing some covers inside while we were there, also...great job on the Chesney songs! Whoot! Whoot! for Buffalo Chip!
1	I agree device is terrible food worse. This is all show but the show is not worth it. A tourist trap. Worst meal we had in a week at Care Free. Too many goog places for barbecue avoid this one.
4	Obviously up and down reviews.  And we caught an up lunch!  The day before the super bowl, mind you!Jo-Ann says the best brisket she's had in years.  She's happy....we'll go back.  The next review to follow!
5	Ok, honestly this is not going to be everyone's bag. But I LOVE going to Buffalo Chip. Throw on my cowboy boots, have a chance to wear denim on denim (oh hell yes I did!) & just let my wild hair down. PBR out of a mason jar. Professional bull riding on Fridays & amateurs on Wednesdays (my guy friends' favorite new activity). Two-stepping to live bands. Fire pits out back. Cheap, delicious BBQ that looks as unhealthy as it is for you...but that makes it so much more yummy.There is no pretension here. Everyone is just hanging out, having a good time. Talk to strangers. Everyone just seems genuinely nice. The walls are covered with cool shit & it definitely feels like I think AZ felt like back in the day.  Take a trip...Cave Creek is so much fun, & the Buffalo Chip is one of my favorites.
4	Quite the cultural experience for city folk like me.My friend who lives in the area brought me here straight from the airport and thank god they serve food because I was starving. It's about $12 for a biscuit, greens, beans and a pound of meat. A POUND. Could probably have shared with a few people. I would recommend not sitting too close to the arena, the bulls kick up dirt. Cheap, strong drinks.
3	Go on Wedesdays or Fridays!  Its quite a hike up to Cave Creek but its worth it :)  Real bull riding and its PACKED full of people. Everyone in Cave Creek and their grandma is at Buffalo Chips.  The place itself is huge with a dance floor, restaurant area, multiple bars, arm wrestling station (hilarious), outdoor eating areas, outdoor bars, rodeo area.... and its right around a bunch of other bars within walking distance (some are very 'biker' bar'ish' so beware but try Harold's Corral next door)  The rodeo is AWESOME and they apparently have amateur night which is somewhat shocking to me... but maybe they put you on a little pony or in a full suite of armor ;)    Great western crowd... more cowboy hat and boot wearing folk than I've ever seen in one place!  In my book you are a winner if you even attempt the arm wrestling machine.... that thing is freakishly strong and makes you feel like a wimp. Live country music is fantastic and everyone is out there dancing and swinging around! SO MUCH FUN! Dancing really is the best part of 'nightlife' in my book and I totally loved the country western dancing at Buffalo Chips.  WARNING:  DO NOT PARK ON THE STREET EVEN IF EVERYONE ELSE IS DOING IT.  Those Cave Creek patrollers are nasty and I got a whopping $200+ parking ticket as did the other 12+ cars on the street.  You've been warned yelpers! *This is why I have to give four stars... the cruel and unusual parking ticket left a sour taste in my mouth*
4	LIVE BULL RIDING FOLKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wednesday nights are armature nights (though you could have fooled me) The hubs and I headed up as our friends son is apprenticing to be a rodeo clown (Who knew that was possible) We had a total blast! Those bulls are feisty! We didn't make it inside, but could hear the live band jamming out. We did hit up the BBQ buffet, pretty dang tasty. For $10 you get a POUND of meat, 2 sides and a biscuit. The hubs and I split a plate and they let you get several different kinds of meat, whatever adds up to a pound. We will be going back up here again real soon.
2	And this time we caught a downer.  The brisket was almost pure fat.  Tasty, but fat.  To be fair, they took it off our bill.  But they should never have sent it out of the kitchen.Maybe their up and down quality explains why they were almost empty at 1pm on a Saturday
4	We wanted a fun night out with the kids and attended the Wednesday night Bull riding and it was a blast.  The BBQ is ok, sides could stand to be upgraded a bit, but the entertainment was outstanding.  I would take friends and family from out of town back.  It was fun and kid friendly!
2	Stopped by for lunch, ordered the burger. The outside was burnt to the point of being crispy, yet the inside was raw. Showed the waitress and she looked at me like I didn't know spit about burgers, but begrudgingly agreed to bring both of us new fair. Even the cook, sweaty guy with a bandana and chefs apron, gave us the evil eye. Neither of us would eat the latest incantation for fear of what surprises we may find.Second try, we stopped for the all-you-can-eat fish fry on Fridays. Better than the burger-tar-tar, but honestly nothing memorable. Sometimes our next round of fish would come out crispy on the outside, enter on the inside. Sometime it would come out way overcooked and tasting burnt.
4	Bull Riding Friday Night is AWESOME!  No cover fee or charge to get in.  Atmosphere and attire are casual laid back country.  Boots to sneakers and fedoras to cowboy hats.  It all works.  Prices are fair and the food is pretty good for typical trash bar food.Early evening this is a family establishment and it gets rowdier as the night progresses.  Parking is a P.I.T.A. so come early and get a good spot NEAR THE STREET so you don't get pinned in.ENJOY THE BULL RIDING UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL!
4	I go just about every Wednesday and every Friday night.  It's good for people watching, meeting new people and entertainment.  Kay and Billy are awesome bartenders.  They know me by name and know what I like as soon as I sit down at the bar.  Great customer service and very personable.  The all you can eat fish fry isn't bad either.  This place is definitely my local hang out spot.
4	I enjoyed this place - I think. I was somewhat inebriated by the time we got here. I will try to remember the details... We mostly hung out on the back patio, which has it's own bar and restroom (outhouse). I mostly remember the arm wrestling machine and the drinks being really cheap... I could be wrong and just mixed this up with another bar... reading this review could be a waste of your time.
4	Wednesday night and you're looking for some fun?  Check out the live bull riding and cowboy buffet with live music later on indoors & s'mores.  Be quick about deciding exactly *which* meats you want though or they will pile up your plate with ALL OF THEM!!!  (I had meals for a couple of days...)  You sit on wooden bleachers to watch the bull riding from a few feet away from the ring.  Wow!  Haven't ever been that close to bull riding before!  Kind of makes me want to do the running of the bulls in Cave Creek in mid-October.Had so much fun here, I really did!  I wasn't sure what to think before I went but had such fun I will definitely go back!Tip:  Don't wear white pants and you'd probably better leave your stilettos at home.  It is pretty darned casual here.
5	This place is a whole bunch of fun!  We got there around 9 on a Friday and there were still some families inside, but bull-riding and the band had started already.  Everyone was in cowboy boots and cowboy hats were a-plenty as well.  I didn't have any of the food but my friends assured me that the BBQ is top notch.  The biscuits looked heavenly, with butter and honey dripping out of them.  There are three rounds of bull-fighting from 8 to 11ish.  I've never been to a rodeo or anything like that, so I was really into it.  Each round had maybe 6 riders, and in between you can pay $5 to get your picture taken with one of the bulls.  The bleachers tended to fill up well before the round started, so get there a few minutes early to ensure that you have a seat.  It's cool being so close (a few feet away!) to the action.Afterward we headed inside where the families had cleared out.  There's plenty of seating and the bartenders are fast.  The people on the dance floor ranged from older couples barely moving to younger ones who really knew what they were doing.  As in, girls were flipping and being lifted overhead and who knows what else.  The band is excellent!All in all, it's a fabulous and fun place to spend a Friday night!
1	Plenty of Bull going on behind the scenes at this establishment
2	Food was OK, tried the BBQ chicken and the brisket.  Both were dry, and the BBQ sauce was average at best.   Only got one biscuit, inspite of  asking for two.  Probably will not be back.
5	It would be really hard to find a more authentic western saloon (it is so western that it would be silly to call it a "bar"). Not only is it a great place to hang out, drink, eat, and dance to live (country) music but on Wednesdays and Fridays they have actual bull riding competitions (and I am not talking about mechanical bulls but real, live, mean bulls). And to top it all off, the drinks are pretty cheap.
5	One of the awesomest places I've been to yet in Arizona. This is a must for people visiting or newcomers, or it even would be a great place to do a company outing. The food is just okay, but everything else is awesome. Big mugs of beer are only $4 and there is bull riding and cowboy music. The place is totally themed out but I didn't think it was cheesy (or I really liked the cheese). I wouldn't recommend coming here just for food. For vegetarians there is an all you can eat salad buffet. For meat eaters, there is an endless supply of food you can eat. The biscuits were way too heavy and hard and the cowboy beans are probably an after thought. Their chips and salsa are surprisingly good, and though we didn't order it because we were deep into beer there is a tableside s'mores where you get to roast your own s'mores over an small open flame.Wear whatever cowboy gear you may have and just come for a good time!
4	I've been here dozens of times over the years but for some reason, I've never Yelped it.  Well, since I'm doing the better late than never thing this weekend, I'll do it now.Popped in here for the annual Red & White Birthday Bash for Sonny B. (still running strong at 73).Great atmosphere, with a kick ass back patio area.  Grabbed my usual spot and ordered up their oh so refreshing Hefeweizen, in a tall frosty mug.  I also chowed on their burger with fries which also hit the spot.Caught up with old friends, made some new friends, took a few pics and then Mel and I hit the road for some impromptu green light fun down Scottsdale Road.  Reminded me of the good old days.
4	Fun Fun Fun if you like Rodeo!! I do!! I did not know I did but AH DOO :)Hee hee, very exciting..4 starts to the Cowboys and Bulls and 3 Stars for the food, 2 stars for the drinks. BBQ Real good, thang is they weigh the portions of meat, I am down with that, cept, I had a bit of fat on my plate so I wasnt too happy about paying for a a few chunks of fat , they werent small neither..and the drinks look like they came out of its a small world..better of with a standard beer, in a bottle, those portions dont change. I laughed and asked "are these child size '?  tee hee hawwww
5	Just Celebrated my Sisters Birthday here, and we all had a Fabulous time !  they had a Great Band!  the food we had was greasy and good !  the Smores were the best, not too many Restaurants offer Smores, also it was a thursday night that we went, and they had a free Dance Lesson, which was so much fun, would difinitely recommend this place for a FUN time !
4	I went to Buffalo Chip for my birthday last night. I had heard it was the best place to go for a good ol' cowboy time. We had dinner and I have to say it was not a good experience. My dad and I ordered the $18 ribeye...both "ribeyes" were mostly all fat (could barely eat half of the meat), my mom ordered the fish fry and our server forgot to put her order in...so she didn't get her meal till we were all finished. AND the order was wrong. It was slow service, and never did get that refill on my beverage. Wish the server had offered to comp SOMETHING on our bill.Other than the bad food experience, everything else was SOO fun. The crowd was fun and hyped up, the bull riding was awesome, and they have a full bar. The bartenders are NOT friendly and might mess up your drink if you ask for something other than a beer...but it's all in all worth it.I had a lot of fun and definitely look forward to going back- just not for the food!
4	Buffalo Chip is like another world!  We love living in downtown Phoenix, but this place is a great getaway for the night.  If feels like another world.  The dance floor is always packed and drinks flow freely.  The food is ok, but nothing great.  The live bull riding on Friday nights pack this place out, but its also worth it... Super fun.Great place to go with a group of friends.  Just make sure you whip out your wranglers and boots before hitting it up.
4	If you ever find yourself deep in the bowels of lacka-nookie hell, have I got some good news. The Buffalo Chip.It's a widely known fact how most chicks dig cowboys....manly bastards they are. One small problem. You're not a cowboy, which is why you're knee-deep in the midst of a sex-draught. Well let's change all that, shall we?Get down to Saba's western wear in Scottsdale and pick yourself out a cowboy getup, making sure to get a pair of tight fitting Wranglers that'll telegraph your business. Another problem.You're running a small business and not a major corporation. That's ok. That's what the good lord made gym socks for. Roll one up, and stuff it inside your boxers. Hmmm. That's not going to get anyone's attention. Better roll the other one up too. Ok, now you're ready. Climb into that Range Rover and head down to the Buffalo Chip.Start with one of their $3.75, 16 oz drafts. Follow it up with 12 more jes like it.Now it's time to eat. Order the bbq meal. A full pound of tasty meat with all the fixins for 11 bucks. Showtime.Sit at one of the tables next to the fire pit where everyone can see you.Next, begin wolfing your food as though you've been on a cattle drive for the last month and haven't eaten anything but jerky and corn nuts. Don't come up for air. Be angry. Get mad at that bbq...wolf it down man. Quick, sop up those beans with your bread, making sure to slop it all over your mug. Now wash it down with some hot coffee you threw an ice cube in when no-one was looking. Drink the entire cup in one gulp. This will impress any onlookers.Now, lick your lips, wipe your face with your sleeve, and make some loud noise like ahhhhhh. Then, start looking around to see if any of the beautiful women in this place are watching your shit-show, hoping at least one of them is about to slide off her seat.  Time to rope a filly, bud. Uh-oh. Burrrrpp.  I forgot. You don't drink twelve beers at a time do you? Quick, run for the bathroom to throw up before anyone sees you. Shit. You forgot the socks. Hoist up the socks man.Too late.One just slid down your pant leg and into the well-lit dance floor for all to see. Now the other too.Don't look back man, git to the crapper...fast. God you're pathetic.But I will give you props for at least trying. Now wipe that puke and beans off your mug, and head back to the Rover...it's high time you skidaddled outa this place.You don't belong here. You never did. The cowboy life jes ain't for you. Jes mosey along now.Go on...GIT!
5	Super cool place, missed the bull riding but saw the dancing. The bar has a great atmosphere and if I'm ever within 50 miles I'll be back. In fact sat next to a guy who drives 50 miles 3 times a week to be here - respect
5	Have to say...as an out of towner on vacation...this is a MUST VISIT spot!! Folks...1lb of BBQ for $10.95!! Grab that deal and a cold beer and enjoy being outside and taking in the old Western feel. Wednesday nights is amateur bullriding and 730 and 830. One tip, sit in the wood stands as we sat i nthe metal stadium seating and people packed it in and our 3rd row seat was blocked by all the bystanders. Kids, they will let you sit up front and they throw out beads...everyone enjoyed. YES...we will be back!!!
1	Food is the worst in Cave Creek. Should have eaten at the gas station counter. It was the first and last time we will go. Actually signed up for Yelp just to review this trash heap of restaurant . Took some friends from out of town,they had steak. Both steaks were raw, even though one was ordered medium well. sent both back, waited another 30min then they came out cold. I ordered the ribs that the waitress said were great, slow cooked and fall off the bone. These tasted like overcooked pork chops whose bones my two dogs would not even be able to clean. Tonight I purchased ribs at the local grocery store they were MUCH better and reminded me to post this review. Never go to this place... The drinks were not even good. Want beer and country music? Turn on the radio, go to the gas station buy a COLD 12 Pack (yeah the beer in plastic cups was warm)
3	If you go to Cave Creek you must go to the Buffalo Chip, Harold's , hideaway etc.  just great local restaurants in a great town north of Phoenix/Scottsdale.   I like the Chip more for drinking dancing and rodeo than the food. But it is okay for a little grub   But it is fun.  So try it
3	Oh Lord somehow I have wound up in Cave Creek down at the Buffalo Chip Salon,  I guess this place during the day is restaurant and I'm sure even at 11 they were cooking some beef cuz I sure was smelling the bbq and thinking damn that smells good, yea wasn't thinking about food till I smelt the bbq! But didn't get any but did have me another whiskey and coke, guess that was my drink for the nightSo if you're into cowboys, hunny this is your place! It must be the mecca for the cowboys, they were everywhere, Also there was a live band playing loud and proud, dance floor was small, inside seemed to be a tab bit small to me too and crowded, I don't like when its elbow to elbow of people, I like to people watch, look around till a spot a fly guy and then go talk to him, but here to move around was a big production.   Sometimes it's not about the place you are at, but with the company you keep, I did have a good time at the buffalo chip, but it was due to hanging out with my girlfriends on a Friday night! My dd and I bounced after 40 mins, again if you're into loud country music and tons of cowboys, this is your place!DD & I hit the road to go check out a dive bar in the valley
4	Great place for a group of friends to watch the Friday night bull riding....but please note that you have to be 21+ to enter unless you have a parent (even if you're 20 years old)! It doesn't matter whether you plan on drinking or not, but they are STRICT about letter underagers in. Not to mention I was ID'd at the entrance, when I ordered a drink, and again just walking around with a drink in my hand.Good fun for those that are 21+, just don't invite your underage friends...they'll have to go home!
5	Where can you find Fat Albert and tons of hot cowboys wearing spurs on a Wednesday night? Why, Buffalo Chip, that is!My friends and I came here on a Wednesday evening to watch some good ole fashioned bull riding. Wednesday nights are for practicing and amateurs, yes, dear reader, as long as you sign a waiver and pay a fee of $40, you can ride a live bull and pray you don't break something as you get bucked off! Friday nights are for the professionals with shows starting at 7pm both days. We got here around 6pm because my friend said they have great BBQ so we decided to try it out. Its $10.88 plus tax for ONE POUND total weight of any of the following:beef brisket, pulled pork, grilled chicken, baby back ribs, smoked sausage, cowboy beans, grilled veggies, quickdraw coleslaw, and honey butter biscuits. We tried the beef brisket, pulled pork, beans, veggies (which was really corn), and the biscuits. Oh my yumminess, everything was so tasty, but next time we agreed we would just get the beef brisket due to its superiority over the pork. Buffalo Chip also has $3 domestic drafts (PBR, Bud, Miller, Blue Moon) and $4 import drafts, awesome. My friend got a mixed drink using Absolute and a bottle of water and it cost her $9 for both. Great drink prices!We didn't spend much time at the inside restaurant/bar because all the excitement was outside, but we did notice a pretty decent size dance floor where we can only imagine the amount of line dancing going on. Also, I notice the menu inside and it looks like they serve TexMex food along with BBQ.Big Props to all the cowboys and cowgirl (yep, there was one girl toughing it out) giving us a great show and great first experience at Buffalo Chip. I also need to give a shot out to the bulls Fat Albert, Brutus, Black Hole, Domino, and Goliath, I don't know how you are able to buck around with balls that huge...ouch!Oh, and four random side notes: (1) because you are so far north and away for the bulk of city lights, you can really see the beautiful stars (2) I listened to country on my way back home (3) don't forget to wear your cowboy boots and (4) I can't wait to come back!
4	My wife and I went to Buffalo Chip Saloon for a birthday party.  It was fairly easy to find as I don't go to Cave Creek all that often.  So here's the run down:Pros-Good food.  You may want to avoid if you are a vegetarian but I mean...really...it says steakhouse in the name.-Great atmosphere.  We were out in the back area and they had bull riding and good country music blasting.  -Great staff. They were prompt and really nice for as crazy as their system is (More on that in the Cons). I had a fly in my beverage when it came out and she apologized profusely and quickly went and got me a fly free beverage.  We were outside, it's not like we were inside and there was a fly in my food.  Cons-Payment system. In the day and age of identity theft, I am not a fan of letting my credit/debit card out of sight.  This place takes your card, until you leave.  Seriously.  I'm sorry but that is beyond crazy.  So far, I've not see any "extra" charges on my card so I guess they are trustworthy. -Ordering food was not clear.  It may have been just because we were part of a large group but it was just kind of "we do what now?" Never saw a menu, we just did an outdoor buffet. SummaryGo check them out if you like good food and country music and don't mind total strangers holding on to your credit cards for indeterminate amounts of time.
5	This saloon is complete fun. On a recent, hot summer weekend trip my dad actually suggested we head over here to watch the bull riding. It is out on a main road in a nicely setup tourist/ restaurant row in Cave Creek. We arrived around 7 pm and the parking was at capacity. We headed straight to the back outdoor area as we could hear we arrived right at show time. There's tons of seating, but it was standing room only. The scene completely exceeded my expectation. Lots of cowboy hats, boots, and smiling people. The MC was funny, charming, and had a nice clear voice. He got the crowd excited. The actual bull riders didn't stay on too long, but the whole show was a blast. It was just long enough to stand the heat and the dust, before the intermission came.  Time for a cold beer to refresh and to go inside to watch some phenomenal dancers, listen to a lively band, and bask in some a/c.The decor inside enhanced the personality of this establishment. All the servers were super friendly. I felt like a regular. When I'm back in the area, I'll be kickin' some chips at the Buffalo Chip Saloon.
5	Let's just say if you want to get away and have a good time have some good food and watch the bull riding  and enjoy the live music and dancing this is thee place. Beautiful scenery and friendly atmosphere. Though it is a 45 minute drive from my house it is worth the drive.
4	One of the few true Cowboy bars left in Arizona, and this place is a run down and rusty house of fun.  The food is good, especially the Friday night fish fry, and the beer and food is inexpensive and well made.  A Green Bay Packer bar, the place hops on Sundays.  Go there, dress casually and have a nice time.
5	I have been in AZ for almost 1 year. I have been out a few weekends each month searching for fun different places to hang out. Up until going to Buffalo Chip, everywhere I had been was just decent. I absolutely LOVE Buffalo Chip. I was a little skeptical at first about going because I am not a huge country music fan.... but this place was a blast. The food is decent, the drinks are pretty good (and affordable), the patrons are super nice, and the buffalo riding event is FUN. They have fire pits outside near the buffalo riding area to keep you warm... they have bars outside and inside. Inside they have a live band playing music and people are actually up and dancing. After being there I really do want to learn how to country line dance and 2 step. haha. I went with 2 other girls.... and all 3 of us cant wait to go back. Buffalo Chip will most likely be my new "hot spot". Next time I go I will be better prepared... and I will wear a jacket and warmer shoes. I didint realize that we were going to be outside for most of the night. I figured we would watch the bull riding and then go in.... but it was to much fun outside near the firepits to be inside. If you are considering checking out Buffalo Chip... I say do it. I am an East Coast girl (NJ).... and this place was outstanding.
5	Want the Wild West Saloon experience?You got it here! Feel the small town charm of Cave Creek-cowboy food and outdoor chill.
4	Between the dancing, band and bull riding, we had a blast.
4	DELICIOUS BBQ, and if you're a fan of country and cowboy-themed restaurants with a large outdoor and patio area, you'll like this place. I've never been in the Cave Creek area, and while this place was pretty far from my place, it was totally worth it. Now granted, we visited this place on a Sunday afternoon. It was dead at this time, but I've heard rumors it gets really packed Friday and Saturdays.I got the BBQ platter, which was about $15 total (with tip) and the plate was a nice mix of pulled pork, sausage and some sort of beef strips (forget the name) it was big enough for me to save a good majority of it for leftovers the next day.Also: They have some sort of offer where you can get a pound of food for ~$10 or something ridiculous like starting at 10 a.m, so I'll try that offer next time I'll be back...and I'll definitely be back. I'd give it five stars but it's really far away from me.
5	This place is a must stop on Friday nights  when ever we have guests visiting from out of town. Where else can you see live bull riding, lots of fire pits, live country music, numerous bars outside that eliminates the wait for a drink. Have not tried the food.Wear your boots and cowboy hat!
5	Great Bar b Q great staff Great music
3	Cave Creek and the Buffalo Chip Saloon are a bit of Wild West in Arizona. On the Wednesday night in March that we arrived the place was surrounded with pickup trucks, jeeps, and real and wanna-be cowboys. There was a long, very slowly moving line waiting at the outside buffet. You choose your meat (they give you a pound of it!) and some sides. And of course there is cold beer. We chose to go inside and grab something. It was busy, but far quicker than the patio buffet, although it was confusing to even find our way to the restaurant. The place is kind of a maze. Once inside, we ordered beers - very cold!  That was nice. Fast service. Sat at the bar. Ordered the homemade fried chicken and a burger. Both were good, but the chicken was better. Definitely homemade.  However, if you're looking for a neat, organized, well appointed atmosphere you won't find it at the chips. It more resembles a cowboy mess hall and its a bit messy, loud, and crazy. But it was packed - and that says something. After dinner we headed back outside for the Wednesday night entertainment of amateur bull riding...and we're not talking mechanical bulls...these are the real bucking, snorting, and kicking big boys. The bleacher seating around the arena was packed, there were bonfires roaring, and the crowd was wound up and having a great time. This is a highlight of the Chip.Would we go back?  Maybe not.  But we're glad we went once. It was a fun experience.  If your near Cave Creek, you should do the same.
5	A unique place. Was open on Christmas day a few years ago and we ate there outside and took our dog with us. (we had just hiked in the Spur Cross) . Have gone back a few times and its a favorite of our family. Our kids always ask to go back. Just a fun place to eat and hang out.
2	Food was ok.  I was hungry, so I'm probably being generous.The place is cool, if you are into Cowboy bars.  This is a fun place to take out of town guests for a drink.
3	This is a fun place that serves lousy drinks. Have a beer and you may get what you paid for.
5	My favorite place to go out in Cave Creek, hands down. Not only is this a staple for those of us who live here, but a great place for those visiting to get a taste of Arizona Cowboy nightlife. This is a BBQ joint through and through, with my personal favorite being the Beef Brisket Sandwich. The meat itself is always cooked perfectly and the portions are generous. For a fun dessert, try the smores you get to cook right at your table!Whether you're going for Bull riding on Friday nights or to listen to Pat James, you're guaranteed to have a fun night.
2	Strange experience here as we attempted to eat lunch here on Saturday. The place was pretty empty with about 3 tables of people dining. The bartender came over and took our drink orders pretty quick, which was two diet cokes. After that, nobody showed up for about 10 minutes, which gave me a chance to read some reviews about the ribs I was about to order and they weren't good. Finally, a waitress showed up and she started telling us about the two fights that took place last night and all the events that go on at the Chip. She also mentioned that the brisket wasn't good which was my backup choice and also some weird explanation of why nobody showed up to take our order (miscommunication with 3 tables full?). Anyway, after all that, we said screw it and decided to bail across the lot to Harold's. Extra star for that bald bartender who gave us our cokes for free and a to-go cup. Otherwise, they were $3 a pop. Might be nice place at night if you like to watch live drunken fights (now, I just watch them on youtube).
4	Happy to give a strong recommendation to this place - fun atmosphere, great service, excellent food... and really loved the made-at-the-table s'mores!I recommend this for anyone who has out of town guests for a little bit of the 'old west' and good fun.  All you can eat BBQ on Saturday and Sunday during the day.
5	As soon I walked in the door, I was in honky-tonk heaven.  This is a real country bar with great live country music, well sized dance floor for 2-stepping, indoor & outdoor bars, great crowd that is a mix of bikers, cowboys, and locals both young and old just looking to have a good time, and of course the live bull-riding. Yes, anyone with $40 bucks and a death wish can sign a waiver and ride a live bull (Wednesday evenings) For those of us less-adventureous folks, we can watch from the bleachers. Top that off with food sold for $10.00 a pound, and you got yourself one heck of a good time Y'all! Tip -It's a bit of a drive to get here, as the saloon is located in the city of Cave Creek, so make sure you assign a designated driver.
4	All I can say is WOW.  Buffalo Chip hosted the National Concierge Association in the area for its 2013 conference for a night of BBQ and bull riding.The BBQ buffet was an amazing line up of cowboy fare such as the tastiest biscuits I've ever had, delicious cole slaw and more styles of BBQ than I've seen in one place.  And then there was the entertainment portion of the evening which included a wide range of events such as bull riding for adults and calf and sheep riding for the younger generation.  Despite the heat,  the place was packed with all ages enjoying and supporting the folks risking their lives while trying to conquer the beast.  It was a great night.Lastly I'd like to recognize Sandy who did a great job serving us and making sure all of our needs were taken care of.  Thanks Buffalo Chip.
5	Awesome saloon! Went to this place for a after work get together! I may have used coupons to get my food and beer although it did not take away my bull riding experience! Watched YouTube videos for a few days on how to ride a bull but nothing can prepare you for this Beastly Bohemeth! I paid $40 and signed my life away and got to ride the Bull! I figured how many opportunities am I going to get riding a bull!?!? Awesome staff and supportive staff and bull fighters!
5	I've cold beer and free rodeos on Friday!!
1	The service is incredibly slow.  We have been sitting here for over 45 minutes and still no food.  At this point, I really don't care how good the food is, I'm so irritated that I don't want to eat it.  There is zero chance that I will ever come here.
5	Great Friday night activity.  I've only been to this place once, but I will definitely go back.  On Fridays, they have an outside BBQ buffet for $10 and you get to watch free bullriding from 8pm to 11pm.  Inside the establishment they had a live country band with line dancing.
4	Went here last Saturday. I say it's definitely worth trying out to see a couple of times. Probably won't go back many more times after this kind of one of those been there done that type places.
5	Is there ever a time when this place isn't packed?  Answer: I don't think so.  Wow, I have been during the day and during the evening.  This is the most popular place in all of Cave Creek it seems.  Motorcycle clubs, rednecks, pretty women, great food, awesome bands.  Good luck finding a parking space, BTW.  Dirt lot, too.  Big but your car or bike is going to be dust covered.  Try the street tacos - excellent!  The cole slaw is fresh and some of the best I have ever tasted.
5	Fun saloon with a ton of character! Do miss out on the bbq buffet. I wasn't expecting it to taste so amazing. A great find!
4	I have mixed feelings about the Chip. I like the place, I like the atmosphere, I like 99% of the clients, I like the food. SO WHATS THE PROBLEMI like Captain Morgan and coke. OK fine I like a little Coke with the Cptn Morgan. The drinks inside just never taste right to me. Perhaps it is a "cola" not a Coke perhaps it is a weak pour or bad ice or carbonation issues ... Whatever... I just taste something off. This does not stop me to partake...just a bother. OH I don't like getting my feet dirty BUT that is my problem since I choose to not wear shoes or boots there. HAHA
3	HILARIOUS experience watching live bull riding (horrible riders who fall off in seconds but cool nonetheless), country dancing indoors, and dont want to forget the living, breathing horse roaming dead center of the outdoor bar. A night I won't forget just because I've never experienced anything like it. I think my rating would be higher if I was into country to this extreme. It was really interesting watching people dance- twirling and dipping as they do haha
5	We went to this restaurant on a very busy night during some kind of city event.  We still got reasonably fast service, and it was friendly, though the place was packed.The food ranged from very good to phenomenal.  Way more than we were expecting from a simple-looking place with a basic BBQ/American menu.  My wife decided to try the fish tacos, which she normally doesn't because she doesn't like spicy food at all and some places over-spice them.  They were made from huge chunks of fish, very crispy on the outside, tender inside, with a really great light sauce.  One of the best fish tacos anywhere.The BBQ platter was excellent.  The pork not only shredded easily with a fork, it was almost the consistency of butter to chew on.  The brisket was some of the most tender I've had.  The BBQ sauce was really good.  Links weren't extraordinary, but still very good.Prices are in the average range for this type of food, but the quality of this food was above anything else in the same price.We wish we lived closer to this place; we'd be there every week.
4	We went during the all you can eat BBQ which was really good. I couldn't get enough of the ribs and shredded pork. I'm assuming their BBQ sauce is house made and boy was it good!
5	I just love this place! The genuine western ambience is outstanding. We always take visitors from Europe here and they all LOVE it! The bull riding just tops off the evening!!
4	Went here recently because Harrolds was closed...it's right next door. Nice sized place; had a band playing later with line dancing (not my thing, but I always like to see places that have bands). Got some food at the bar; hubby got a burger that he liked and I had some chicken strips. Decent food, nothing too special but we were both satisfied. Had about 15 people with us and the one bartender did the best job she could keeping our cups full. I'd go again.
4	Great atmosphere! Country music, decor and dance floor, although it all could use a good dusting. Waitress was so cute and helpful. My highlight... I am from WI, 16 years in Green Bay, so pulling up to Packer flags waving a huge "Packer Fans Welcome" banner and fried cheese curds and brat bites on the menu! Heaven! I've had better barbeque, but it really didn't matter!  I'd love to be there this Sunday for the playoff game! Go Pack and go to Buffalo Chip Saloon!!
5	We had a great time on new year's eve. We enjoyed the band inside AND the bond fires and music outside. The staff was warm and friendly. The crowd was fun. It was a perfect night. Can't rate the food as we ate before arriving to party. Go there to get your cowboy and cowgirl fun on!
3	The atmosphere was fantastic at this location however the food was lacking. We had a BBQ pork sandwich and felt the sauce was slightly bland and needed something else to add more flavor. We also tried some of the buffet and the beans were less than desired due to lack of flavor. The drive to get there was beautiful and the views make up for the food lacking in flavor. A great spot to relax and enjoy the surroundings but if you are craving real homestyle BBQ I would not make this a first recommendation. The service however was amazing. There were few people sitting outside when we ate and they took good care of us.
4	Come here every Friday and Sunday!  Great place to watch bull riding and roast s'mores. Great for families. Service is a bit slow...otherwise would be 5 stars
4	If your looking for an Old Country type bar, look no further.......   Packed on a Friday night, 8 of us went and had their All You Can Eat Fish Special....... Nicely done without a LOT of breading, and seconds and thirds came out quickly!!! Then top it off with Smores you make yourself at your table.....   All the fixings with a can of flaming sterno delivered to you table!!  Then you can go dance, always a live C&W band, or go watch Just be prepared to get a bit dusty.
5	Excellent food and service -our server was very knowledgeable.and sassy just the right amount of wit and knowledge. We Decided to forgo the BBQ buffet cause we didn't think we could.do it justice - but the pulled pork sandwich O M G. So good . A welcome stop for a couple of out of towners , great staff, and a definite stop
2	Typical cowboy joint...loud music, sawdust floors, hanging boots from ceiling. Parking was tight. Waitress was quick in refilling drinks, but long time for the meal. Two of our party was served 40 mins after order taken, the rest of us did not get our meals for another 20 mins. Food was average, French fries were cold. Well not be returning soon.
5	I went to the Buffalo Chip Saloon on Friday a couple of weeks back and had a great time. Being a native of Arizona I'm no stranger to country western restaurants and bars. The Buffalo Chip is probably one of the best. Friday nights is all you can eat fish fry with delicious cod that would make even a non fish lovers mouth water. The only thing better than the food was the service. Despite it's popularity in Cave Creek and the valley for that matter, service was fantastic. Our server was on point with drink refills and getting our food out quick.The Buffalo Chip offers a full bar and great atmosphere for adults and children. I really have nothing bad to say about this place. I would highly recommend it to anyone willing to make the trip to Cave Creek.OH...I almost forgot. Bull riding on Friday nights also. Free entertainment with an outdoor bar. Great for the kids too.
5	The Chip is my favorite place to be on a Friday night. Be prepared for an old style country bar! Dancing, bull riding, fire pits and BBQ!
4	Had an awesome time at this place and met some totally random strangers who we partied with all night long. Drinks were cheap and we only had appetizers but they were all good. Our friend rode a bull for the first time ever so that was exciting. Hanging around the fire pits is always good time. Can't wait to try some of the bbq next time.
3	Very eclectic and inviting interior.  Get to see a bit of Old West history both inside and out.  The staff were very happy, helpful, and attentive.  Started with cheese curds--which were delicious.  The buffalo stew was very, very tasty.  Ribs--HUGE portion, but did not have very much flavor.  I will agree with the other reviews which state that the sauce is very bland--and they liberally slather it on.  Both ends of the ribs were so tough that they were inedible, and the spine section was liberally coated in fat which I had to cut away.  $40 for two--no drinks.  Did not leave hungry!  I would have given 4 stars for the ambiance and excellent service; knocked it down to 3 for the ribs.
5	I had a completely wonderful evening here. had a good amount of drinks at the outdoor bar, watched the amateur bull riding which happens on WED nights, we happened to be there on WED. there were a few hundred people there. Very friendly, family atmosphere. Great place to go with a group of friends or a date. the BBQ plates are stacked high, I shared it with my date because it was a lot of food. I hear bull riding on Friday nights is way better, but I had a great time. We did some dancing inside the dining room area. Very western country vibe, with inhouse country band doing covers of famous country songs, and they do it well. I would go here again. I loved it. I had a wonderful night.
5	I have to disagree with folks who say this place is touristy. Granted, this is THE place to take your out-of-town visitors. Last time I was here we had a friend from Australia and she was over-the-moon at her first real American experience. So yes, a lot of out-of-towners. But you CAN'T tell me that the folks tearing up the dance floor on any given Friday are your Uncle Murray and Aunt Sybil visiting from Boca.This is a fun place with a nice old west feel. They have great live music, the afore mentioned dancing, reasonably priced drinks, pool tables, a HUGE patio....and as others have mentioned, LIVE bull riding. I really need to come here more often because it is one of the funnest places in The Valley and you really feel like you're away from it all. Yes it gets uber-crowded, the line to the men's room is a long as the line to the ladies room and you're really kinda screwed if you really came here to play pool, but if there is ANY place you should take it all in stride, it's here.And seriously folks, quit bitching about the food. It's a $20 steak for God's sake. You get what you pay for and frankly it's pretty damned good-better than Outback or Applebee's. If that's not good enough then go to Mastro's and bring your own bull.Good times and I highly recommend.
5	I went here on a Wednesday to watch a good friend ride a bull on amateur bull riding night. The atmosphere was really cool with campfires and the old times bar. Waitstaff was really friendly and even had drink service in the grand stands. I did not eat so I cannot comment on the food. Overall if you want a cool place to grab a drink with free entertainment this is a great place!!!
5	This is a really unique fun place to go! Bullriding, outdoor bar, Country music and the best fried chicken I have had in.. well.. I can't remember when I have had better. Oh and affordable even with the Uber taxi home!
4	My family had a disastrous experience at Harold's across the parking lot earlier in the day at lunch. Coming back from Bartlett Lake, we were all pretty famished and wanted some good barbecue. I would say the Buffalo Chip delivered admirably. Service was fast and efficient, and they also had a rock crawling contest through the local Jeep club happening out back. This provided some fun entertainment while we waited for our food.I would categorize their baby back ribs as good but not great. Some pieces were very tender, others were a little tough. The beans were unremarkable. I washed it all down with a very large mug of PBR at a very attractive price of $3.The band was just setting up as we were leaving. I would've loved to stay and listen to the haggard old fella that was tuning his pedal steel guitar, but we had to get home and put the little dudes to bed. I'll make sure to come back sometime on a Saturday night to make a total ass of myself on the dance floor.The biggest negative: This place counts itself as a Packers bar. Gross.
5	the most authentic south west place you'll find in the phoenix area! i fell in love with the place the first time i came here, and I don't even like country music! The bull riding (Wed and Friday nights), the bon fire pits, the live music (man, those guys can sing!), the dancing, the food (biscuits, s'mores, pulled pork sandwiches)--everything makes this the perfect place! you feel like you're in an old country western movie. They also have the best fourth of July celebration around! I always make sure to bring all of my out of town friends here!
1	Last night my friends and I chose Buffalo Chip to celebrate my husband's birthday. After enjoying our meal we took to the dance floor. At this point a man on the dance floor chose to push my friend and I. He then chose to wrap his hands around our other friend's neck. At this point security informed us we had to leave. When I spoke to the manager asking why we were asked to leave when it was the other gentleman who put his hands on three of us she informed us he was a regular there. Our server and a security guard told the manager we had done nothing wrong, and although she agreed with them we were still asked to leave because we were not regulars. Keep in mind we had already rang up a $300 tab. Good news: if you a regular there you may assault other people at the restaurant. Bad news for us non regulars. I will never set foot in this place again.
3	We have been here several times since moving and my like if this place in waning. The first time we came (a weekday for lunch) it was so tasty! Meat was well flavored, tender and had a nice smokiness to it. I was just certain I would gain a few pounds off of this place. The second and third times have not left me with such warm feelings. The meats have been dry, tasteless and chewy. The service is pretty decent and seating has been plentiful (we go at off peak times). We come here, mainly, because our kiddos can be a little louder and the music drowns them out :) It is a bit pricey and they have a limited menu so you typically have to order something a la carte if you want to try everything (ex: only certain meals come with a biscuit). I think we will be back and try it again, but it will be a while before that happens.
5	I wish we found this place sooner in our trip! We found it only an hour before leaving for our flight! We loved the atmosphere, felt like an old saloon, with boots and photos on the ceiling - where the locals hung out (not sure if they did but our bartender the night before was heading there after work!) Between the 5 of us we had the beef brisket and pulled pork which everyone loved. We had the sweet potato fries (yum) and s'mores (fantastic!). We only got to see the first 15 minutes of country dancing, but I will be back to see more and definitely dance next time we fly in! We had a great time while we were there, a dinner full of laughs. If you want a place with a great atmosphere, this is your place
2	This review is focused ONLY on the dining part of the experience.  It looked like plenty of people were having a great time dancing to the live country band, but we were just there for dinner with friends.  Although the servers were friendly, the food was less than desirable.  We ordered the Nacho's (OK), Onion Rings (pretty good), brisket sandwich (not good) and ribs (not good).  The brisket sandwich was laid out on a small bun that looked like the ones you buy at the store for .99 cents.  The worse part was the cheese.  It had the texture of Velveta and just didn't go well with the sandwich.  Our friend, who had ordered the cheeseburger only ate one bite (same issue).  She planned on taking it home and trying to remove the cheese and replacing it with some other kind.  The sauce the ribs were in seemed to be ketchup based.  The ribs themselves underneath the sauce seemed large and meaty but the sauce just destroyed them.  Both my friend and I had ordered the full-rack.  Both of us decided to eat only about 1/4 of them and then take them home, wipe all the sauce off and try our own bbq sauce at home.  The side order of beans were bland and the cole slaw was ok.  We also ordered a wedge salad that was ok.Overall, if you like country dancing, playing pool, etc. then this place could be fun.  I personally would never eat dinner here again.
1	We waited 10 minuets at the outside area to be served. The bartender and server looked right at us but never came to our table. The atmosphere was awesome but the service sucked! The sad thing is it was Sunday and not busy!
4	Great local fare. Reasonable prices. I had the fish tacos, a surprising tasty meal for a cowboy saloon. The slaw recipe on top of the fish was wonderful. I would choose this again.
3	Saturdays is really slow, but the staff are always fun and friendly. But over all it's a nice change.
5	Great breakfast and tons of night time fun with bull riding, BBQ and even Friday nite fish fry!
4	Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was good but don't order a side of beans...not very good and weren't worth the money.  Wait staff was great and food came out quickly. Would definitely go back.
5	Buffalo Chip Saloon and Steakhouse... I adore youWhy, most of you ask? I am a true wisconsinite! And buffalo chip is where we belong! Cheese curds, Broasted chicken, beer chasers with our bloody mary's... heck to the yes! Us cheese heads have to stick together and I am glad I found my spot! Baffalo Chip Saloon and Steakhouse... As a wisconsinite and cheese curd and broasted chicken loving girl... my heart and soul is yours as long as you support the packers! plus the food and service is amazing, even if you aren't all about all things Wisconsin (which, I frankly will never understand!)
5	Had a blast!  Live music,  live bull riding, great food, great service and great drinks. I love this place & totally worth the drive!
5	We assisted with a Rehearsal Dinner at BC.  The Staff at Buffalo Chip were exceptional!  From helping with decorating to inviting guests to sample s'mores around a fire pit, the staff was so attentive!  The food was outstanding!  Thanks to all at Buffalo Chip that made the party so awesome! Highly recommend BC for your next large group function!
4	Love Buffalo Chip!  I've never eaten here but I dig the atmosphere! Fun crowd, pool table, live band, awesome western decor, live bull riding.... all in all a fun way to spend the night if you are looking for something fun and different from the typical Phoenix bar!
5	Wonderful place. Service is tremendous Couldn't ask for a more enjoyable bartender. Bill is the best. The beef brisket street taco can't be any better.  Recommend it to everybody.
1	Went for the Packer game and got the worst service I've ever experienced!  Didn't see the waitress for 15 minutes after being seated. When we ordered the Miller Lite deal (first 16 oz. can is $5; after that, each is $1), they ran out before we could get a second.  We were offered a 12 oz. Milwaukee's Best Premium (yuck) instead.  Then, they ran out of Milwaukee's Best!  Wouldn't offer us ANYTHING else for $1, but they would let us pay $4 for a bottle!  Trying to be patient, we told the waitress if that is all we could be offered, we'll take waters and the check.  (We chose the deal for the deal not because we love paying $5 for a can of Miller Lite.)  She apparently told the manager that we were being unreasonable and rude.  We later got scolded and told that "I'll just give you a draft beer or whatever".  Very embarrassing!  Especially since my husband and I were with my parents from out of town.  Never again.
4	Cowboy haven tucked away in old town Cave Creek. Fits right into the theme of that entire stretch on Cave Creek Road. Definitely a good place to take out of towners, or to visit for a worthy filling meal. Bbq is right on par with what you might expect from a joint in Texas.  Great ambiance both inside and out.  Woodshavings on the floor and cowboy boots suspended from the ceiling are a great  backdrop for a group photo.
4	Buffalo chip is a cowboy type of bar/restaurant. The service is always good and the food is ok (inconsistent). They have bull riding and it's so much fun to watch. We are not cowboy people by any means but I love getting  dressed up on my cowboy boots every once in a while.. You will have a good time here..
3	Took a colleague who is from China to experience something a bit different. The atmosphere was unique. The waitress was very prompt and helpful. However, the barbecue (brisket, pulled pork) was subpar - very dry, over cooked. Far from the best barbecue...
5	Loved this place.  Went on a Saturday nite.  Super friendly staff.  strong drinks.  Great live music.  we danced til the band went home.  also family friendly. I will go back again and again
5	Went here to meet a friend who happens to be a Green Bay Packer fan. This bar is Lambeau Field West, Cheese Head city. It was a Sunday and the Packers were playing. Every seat in the house was reserved, even the bar stools. Since our friend comes here we got in. We did browse and the place is huge. The outdoor patio is extra large with TV's for viewing, they also have a ring for bull riding. Interesting all around. The story here is drinks are heavy and good. The patrons are dressed to the T in Green Bay fashion. Plenty of Cheese Heads, Jersey's homemade hats anything and everything. They are ready to party. And party they did when the Packers scored a TD. What The....They jump up and start parading around the bar cheering, singing, DJ playing. Just having the time of their lives. It was fun to watch and this day the Pack scored 53 so it was a hot mess of cheese here.  If you are in cave creek this is a must stop just for the shear amusement. Other bars in the area are dedicated to the Bears, Pittsburgh and the Vikqueens. Have to give it to the fans here, they know how to party. Good times...
3	This place is fun.  Just how you would expect a Cave Creek bar to be.  Nice country music and dancing or you can go outside for bbq, fire pit, and bull riding.The food is pretty good, prices are reasonable, and the beer is cold.The parking is the worst ever.  I've seen people get pinned in and cars bumped.  I ended up with a large dent in my car once.  Take your beat up road warrior car and enjoy.
5	A lot of fun!  Friday nights live Bull Riding out back!  Outdoor bonfire!  Really something different!
3	Took the family here for the bullriding! It was very fun! It had a very cool cowboy set up! I've lived in this area for awhile and never been here. Food was alright bartender was on the snotty side. I will come back for the entertainment
2	Came here on a whim to get out of the house and picked it based on reviews.  Don't come for lunch and expect anything but 10 items to choose from on the menu.  Bbq plate was ok, fatty brisket and a strong vinegar based sauce.  Beans were bleh and breaded mushrooms were frozen. Waitress was very nice though.  We will go to Harolds next time
5	This place is a great place to visit anytime and is great for visiting family and friends.  The atmosphere is full of western fun and the food is delicious.  The have a live band certain nights and dancing.  They have an awesome outdoor area with fire pits, places to sit and bars.  Certain nights they even have bull riding. How cool is that?!   We stopped in on a Tuesday afternoon and had a beer.  $6.75 for two.  Not too shabby.  The bartender was a sweet, pretty gal and she provided great service.My mom came here as a kid in the 60's.  This place has great history and is worth a visit!
