4	24 hour coffee, free internet, lots of seating. What is there not to love?During exam time the place gets very crowded with students revising, but otherwise you are guaranteed a seat for your morning coffee, pre-clubbing energy boost or just a hangout while waiting for someone.Their filter coffee comes in more than five canisters, each with a different flavor. This is Heaven, as usually the house blend filter brew in other coffee shops is nothing short of vile. Some coffee joints seem to scream "here's crap coffee for poor people!". Thankfully this Depot hasn't adopted such tactics. I like my coffee to be Chuck Norris, therefore I love their darkest Italian roast and regularly get it.I am sad to report their cannoli aren't up to scratch. A cannolo's filling should be heavy and filling ricotta goodness. The ones I tasted were filled with either whipped cream or a ricotta that must have seen the inside of a bike pump.However, as we are over 4000 miles from Palermo I can't complain too much. Their coffee rocks, their staff is friendly and their Wifi is free. Enjoy.
3	Like the outdoor seating, however the indoor environment is pretty messy and crowded. They have very good service and their hot chocolate is amazing, made with hot milk and real chocolate.
2	Swung by the Cafe Depot to grab a coffee before exploring the streets of Montreal. While ordering, the barista was friendly by smiling while taking our order and it looked as though he was happy to be there.Ordered our coffee and found a table to sit down. They have free wi-fi which was nice. But the thing that turned me off was that it was pretty dirty. There were old dishes from customers who have left, still on the tables. It was considerably slow at the time and you'd think that the staff would clean up the place.We then sat outside because it was a nice day. But then you have the smokers outside so I wasn't happy about that either.It the place was cleaner, it would have been a-ok.
2	Their latte is so not the way I like it. Too much foam.But their chicken wrap tasted great. Three washroom stalls - one without a lock, one broken. For such a huge cafe, they should immediately fix them (otherwise that washroom's going to end up looking as dirty as the Second Cup one on McGill College). I don't know about the men's washroom obviously.More than enough seats. Never saw this place nowhere near full. I've only seen the place during the winter. Maybe it'll get full once summer comes along.
