5	Guess what?! I know how to make macarons now! Yea, those expensive but delicious French cookies they sell at fancy patisseries. I can make those! How, you ask? I took a 2-hour class at Ateliers & Saveurs and by the time I left, I could make them! The class was in French and though you'd never know it to hear me speak French, I actually understand it quite well, so this wasn't a problem for me. It's 2-hours long with lot's of hands-on time, which is what I am really looking for in a class. The classroom was clean and very well laid out, assuring that everyone had enough space to work and really see what was going on. We started with making the caramel chocolate ganache, moved on to the apple compote and finished with making the apricot filling. Then we started on the macarons. Each of the three types of macarons were prepared separately. This gave us two additional chances to get a feel for how the macaron cookie was prepared. - process and sift the almond flour and powdered sugar- beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are coming in on themselves- add in sugar- add in any colourings- remove from the mixer and keep it moving, then make them "lisse" or smooth them- add in the flour and sugar mixture, all at once, wetting it with the meringue- burst the bubbles gently- put into a piping bag with the end "corked"- pipe - not too big, not too small, with plenty of ventilation- let it rest, then bake.Ta DA!Happily, the entire class went from making huge, stuck together figure 8 macarons, to mastering delicate hearts and perfectly round cookies with impressive "feet".Afterwards they send the recipes to your account via a link on the Ateliers et Saveurs website. It's a little confusing to find, and is not available in English but that's fine by me. What a great morning this was, spent with my best friend and other enthusiastic and fun classmates!
1	Would have been a great experience...instead I feel like we were hustled.  My company paid for a 3 hour cooking class which was awesome.  It included mixology and cooking.  We made two different drinks during the mixology portion of the class.  When the drinks were finished they would ask if you would like another.  At the end of the class they brought out drinks for a few guest that they said they has made special for them and asked everyone else if they would like another drink.  Most said sure.  They later turned the music down and informed everyone that the mixology drinks were included in the cost but the other ones they made were not included and we would need to pay extra.  Such a scam and poor business practices.  I had a great time during the class....but the fee we paid took care of a few drinks.  Shameless scam that left me leaving this cooking class with a bad taste in my mouth!
4	I love this place. People are kind. Food are great. I cannot wait to try everything on the menu. Very creative chef. Especially the dessert, quick and delicious.
