5	I liked that as soon as I walked through the door I was greeted with a smile and they were eager to help. The store has really grown and has a lot of great scents. I didn't load up on the sprays today but there's a few I want to go back for like their Vanilla Coconut, and Twilight Woods. I bought some Wallflowers today and they really work well. They are plug in home fragrances. Right now they have buy one get one free for the wallflowers and the fillers. I was lucky enough to find a starter kit for $3.00 but it gets better...I found something for 90% off! I've never seen a sign saying 90% off so I was intrigued and bought a 14.5 oz Sweet Pea Forever candle for a 1.95! Tip: The cashier said that the items that they find in their storage that they mark as 90% off go up right near the register. He says they sell quick though.
4	Ugh.  It's that time of year.Before I get into said "Ugh", the store is very clean and well organized, the staff is friendly, good natured, and helpful, and they have some nice bathing supplies.  The prices are reasonable, and I often use Bath & Body when it comes to "Quick, But Thoughtful Gift Time".  It's not a life-changing gift, but it has lightened many a mood in one fell swoop of goodwill.That said, I walked in just in time for their Halloween stuff.  And here lies the "Ugh".In previous reviews (such as Gilcrease), I've made mention that I want to be "That guy", the one who is known for some awesome, but random things.  At Gilcrease, it was wanting to own a chicken.  But I also want to be "That guy" for Halloween.  You know, the one on the block come October that has the awesome decked out house.There is a point to this little aside as Bath & Body has some great odds and ends this season related to said holiday, and sure enough, it's the first sign that I've seen this year that "It" has begun.  "It" being "Halloween stuff is now out".  And for that, I shake my fist and curse the sky.So now I have to find excuses to be "thoughtful" so that I can provide said gifts of pun-laden scents and some admittedly awesome ghost candle set ups that I've already mentally started planning to put in the windows.All I know is that the missus had better be on her best behavior for the next two months so that I can find excuses to bring home things for myself.... *ahem* I mean to say, HER for rewarding how awesome she's going to be.  I'd do it for myself, you understand, but that's not the point, now is it?  No, it's all about giving.And so begins a long cycle of impending purchases.  The sad part is, I just walked in there to get a cheap bath scrub.The staff just HAD to be nice when I walked in....
1	Where do I start?!!??! Dreadful! Seriously thee worst guest service for exchanges or returns I've ever experience for fragrances and lotion?! I went in there to hopefully be able to exchange my purchases from getting a buy 3 and get 3 free deal. I bought 4 lotions, 1 body cream , and 1 body spray all of the same fragrance.  The lotions were $10.50 each, body cream $12.50, and the body spray $14.00. Three of the lotions were free from the promo deal they had going on for Christmas. I went back to this store to return the body cream and body spray with both the lotions that were freebies, so I can get the whole value of what I paid for and exchange the two free lotions with one body cream and body spray to match the value of the deal. There were two managers on duty... Alisha and Angie both were not helpful or accommodating at all to my visit. It was almost like being punished for even purchasing these items. One manager tells me I have to pay for the free lotions if I want to return the body cream and spray for the difference. I told her I have the two lotions in my car and I'll go get them to get the full value of my return. She said that's fine. So I went back to my car to get the lotions and return to this store for more BS. Now she tells me she needs ALL the lotions to do the transaction. I told her that doesn't make sense, I'm returning two items I paid full price for and bringing back the two lotion freebies that came with it. Why do I have to bring back the other two lotions, which I liked and already gave away as a gift? I'm giving back the two freebie lotions that went with the two items that I was returning. The manager told me that's the only way we can return these or you have to pay the difference of the two lotions you kept. I told her why am I entitled to pay for the difference of two lotions that has nothing to do with this return when I brought you the two lotion freebies to get the full value of my return of the body cream and spray. She insisted I must bring back Everything I purchased to get anything back. REALLY?!!?!! And then another manager gave me more hassle from returning a perfume when it has nothing to do with the buy 3, get 3 free promo, which I also paid full price for. She told the cashier before doing the return transaction that I may only get back half of this perfume I purchased. I told her what are you talking about? I paid full price in that, why would I be getting only half back?!? Are you seriously kidding me?!! She took off to the back and while all these BS is happening.. the cashier girl goes.. I'm so sorry.. we have different managers and they all have different ways of doing a return. I told her.. They maybe be two different people, but a return or exchange shouldn't be this complicated or troublesome. Irritated... A little. Angry... oh getting there... Will I ever come back to this piece of coal store.... Never. She comes back without any apologizes and says yeah she gets full price and walks away. The cashier again apologizes to me after seeing my face with no signs of getting a smile. This whole transaction took over 45mins. Un-fkn Believable... I told the cashier.. I'm going to let you know right now.. your managers have some Horrible, HORRIBLE guest service. For having.. "We want you to love everything. If you're not happy. bring it back. 100% Guaranteed!" a statement on Bath & Body Works receipt is far from relevant from what I experienced today. Why would I ever want to shop at this store, if I'm going to be treated in such a snobby, no care in the world, disgusting manner like these two managers showed me.   I drove all the way home to get the other two lotions that those managers told me I needed to have in order to get the full value of the refund and drove to Boca Park this time to see what kind of guest service and treatment they will give me in returning and exchanging. Amazing what a difference it makes from another location. In a matter of less than a minute.. Sharon was so eager to make things right and even offered to let me get an even exchange in my previous items without having to return the two lotions that those unprofessional managers told me I needed to do. Sharon was puzzled too from what happened to me earlier & said why did they make you do that? I wasted 2 hours of driving across town and wasting gas for a simple transaction they could have done, but instead gave me some BS treatment that I really didn't deserve or appreciate at all. Without guests buying and returning anything... they wouldn't have a job. Never had such of an experience where its a crime in returning something. Those managers need to take some Nordstrom 101 class. They could use a ton of help in learning how to treat guests and not making them feel less of a person for shopping there. Boca Park, Sharon's guest service was beyond exceptional and didn't even give me a hard time WHATSOEVER! Huge difference!
3	It was very busy here on New Year's Day. The staff was friendly and helpful but their stock was a little low. Probably just the holiday rush but I have no prior experience to support this hypothesis.
4	This place is the guilty pleasure of my husband and I. We cannot resist walking in and smelling the candles each time we see a BBW. We play this game where he opens one, and I try to guess what it is, then he tries to guess the one I've opened. We even did this on our honeymoon. LOL. I'd say hold out for the 2 for $22 candle sale or even better, 3 for $24. :D
4	In general, I'm not pleased that B&BW got rid of classics like cucumber melon!!! I know they are trying to keep up with the new generation, but come on!! That one is a classic that should be around all the time. To me, all the new fragrances smell the same and smell like stuff I would have worn when I was 14. Anyway, the 4 star rating is just for this location. This place has everything I need. B&BW has always been the default gift giver, whether it's a birthday or Christmas present, you can't go wrong. The employees here have always been very friendly and helpful. I'm always greeted when I come in and I can always find someone to answer a question I have. The store is always clean and well stocked. And it's a plus that I work in the same vicinity, which is dangerous on my wallet. They always have awesome sales, especially their end of the year clearance sale. Almost everything is 50-75% off!! On my last trip, I was able to score 6 holiday fragrance (twisted peppermint, candy apple and marshmallow kiss) body washes for $20! What a bargain!!! I swear my Filipino bargain-hunter side is super happy with this purchase.P.S. You have to be patient with the line. It can be ridiculously long.
4	Love the scents and they're always very kind.bit expensive for my taste but it can new worth it.
5	I had a great experience here today, which I am very happy to say because in the past i have had some bad encounters in this store. The staff was very friendly and greeted me as soon as I walked through the door. Ashley was able to direct me to the minis that I was looking for; she also rang me up and was very pleasant! She complimented my purchase, and was extremely friendly throughout the entire process. I will definitely be returning to this BBW every time I am at the mall :)! I am glad they have finally hired some genuinely nice employees.
