3	Excellent fresh juices, great sandwiches and salads. Slow, lazy service that forgets orders until you remind them. Not the spot to go when in a rush, but still great food and drinks. Coffee is above average but not incredible.
4	This small corner coffee shop is a favorite of McGill undergrads and grads seeking a refuge from campus or an internet connection. I frequented this spot when I lived in the ghetto. The food here is excellent. Try one of the many paninis, and dishes come with a delicious side salad. For all that the cost is surprisingly cheap.Now on to the coffee. Leaves MUCH to be desired. I'm actually on the fence to give them 3/5 stars just because the coffee is terrible. It used to be better, but sometime about a year and a half ago they switched from freshly ground to terrible instant coffee stuff. That being said, the espresso is still freshly ground, so go for an americano, it's worth the slightly higher price.The staff is friendly even when the rush hits. Service can be slow during the rush because there's usually just one or two people doing everything. This location is great for people watching, especially during the spring and summer when the big windows are open.
5	I've always been a fan of this place since my freshman year at McGill 4 years ago. But it wasn't until recently that I fell in love with one drink here, the Viennese Hot Chocolate. Man! If only I tried this much earlier (since I won't be in MTL for another semester). The Viennese Hot Chocolate comes in only medium and large. And I try to order it only for indoors because of the beautiful design of the cup and to see the extra creme they put on top. Every time I come here, the staff is very welcoming. Today there was a lady with long, curly hair working there, by herself. She was really courteous and smiley! :) Usually there are two staff members, but I guess she's working solo as it's reading break (a week-long break for all university students) at McGill. Definitely it gets super crowded when exam time approaches. Even though it's a small place, the size doesn't denigrate the overall atmosphere. I love the wooden tables and chairs, and the chandeliers.
3	coffee was kinda disappointing.. the juice was great tho.
5	Drinks continue to be excellent and service courteous! This time ordered a latte. Yummy! Can't say what's better: the hot chocolate or the latte. Although it's a no-waiter cafe, they bring the drink right to your table (if it's a specialty drink and not something like filtered coffee). We picked a great spot to sit in. The breeze was coming in through the window and it felt so good on a hot day like today.
5	This has been one of my favourite coffee shops in MTL since I moved here. I've had the pleasure of coming here for a snack and enjoy a cozy place to read for years now. I've never had a problem with an order getting missed up. Furthermore, the baristas are kind enough to bring your order to you. It has been my experiance that while students come here most flood the other shops. Consequently, this is the quietest cafe at the intersection.
3	The espresso was good, but still left a bit to be desired. Great cookies, decent salmon bagel (the cream cheese is only on one side), but nice sandwiches/wraps. It's convenient that they're open pretty late.
5	This cafe is partnered with Chai, a tea lounge right next to it! Chai doesn't serve good but you can order food from El Mundo and have it delivered to Chai. I love this opportunity! Otherwise than the pricey coffees and salads (which is all you can find in this area of town) I have zero complaints. The beet salad is perfect and fresh and the croissant "Le Paris" is to die for. The seating is comfortable and whoever complained about this place being dirty may be referring to the wrong cafe because it's always spotless!
5	After a long day I decided a coffee and some grub should do the trick to get me into the study mood. I checked out Second Cup and was completely put off by their sandwiches. I found myself in El Mundo instead where I was pleasantly greeted. The girls on shift were nice and friendly, and the food was delish. The sandwhich was huge, plus 2 delicious salads, I now have lunch for tomorrow! The girls beside me were saying how yummy the cookies were as well. While I was working away I noticed the staff continually checking around for dirty dishes which is appreciative if you have a laptop plus books and whatever else on the table. It's nice that they have bigger booths as well as tables for all kinds of study groups or coffee dates. While I wish they had competitive hours to the 24hr second cup, being open until 11:30, having free wifi, outlets, and fantastic food is more than enough to make this my new spot.  I will definitely be back.
