2	Well, not my idea of a relaxing spa experience. I purchased a Groupon for 3 massages and I used just 2. Even my thriftiness wouldn't drive me to go back to get the third.My first time, I got paired with a new therapist. He did a fine job and communicated well. The second time, I got someone who has been doing massage work for over 20 years. However, it was not a relaxing massage that I'm used to. At times the massage was too rough and my body was twisted and pulled in all sorts of directions. The staff were very nice and more than happy to give me a tour. The facility was structured well with many therapy rooms, a large back room for the foot soaks, and a casual entrance. Yet, I can't believe that this massage business can compete with others with modern, new amenities. While they had a set up for an oxygen bar and other devices, it didn't look fresh and new or used recently.I really dislike rating 2 stars, but well, I've experienced better.
4	I had 2 massages here with Alba and they were fabulous. I have severe sciatica and she relieved my pain more than I could ever hope. I highly recommend getting a massage here. They listen to what your problems are.
5	I've never had a better massage and I've had too many to count over my 57 years.Amma is fabulous. It was not like anything I've ever experienced.  Almost like a Yoga massage, if there is such a thing. Amma seems to instinctively know where to push and pull and move you to make your whole body relax.  Can't wait to go back to her!
3	Made appointment for couples massage and oxygen bar. I had Amma and gf had Alba.Requested relaxing and soothing massages.Thearpists went above and beyond request. There as alot of pulling, stretching, twisting. Realignment of joints. Completed with relaxing finish.CONSThey did not have oxygen bar set up. Disappointed by that. But once we saw backroom where it was set up we're glad we passed. It is a big storeage room full of crap.  They do foot therapy there.  Carpet gross. Oxygen bar NOT CLEAN. Amma said had not used in months. Not enough usage. This was a downer of visit. Also, Amma took 2 phone calls during my session. THAT IS MY PET PEEVE WITH THEARPISTS. Expect them to focus during the session. Don't be answering phone or front door. Back room needs to be cleaned up.Appearance a downer.
