1	Rude & uninformed staff.   Sales girl did not know what an insurance appraisal was.
1	I stopped into Helzberg this past week while killing time before work. The first time I walked in I was there for about 5 minutes and was not greeted by a single staff member. Not even a nod or wave to acknowledge my presence. There were a couple of customers in the store so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and decided to return after I grabbed some lunch. Only because I spotted a nice watch. When I returned someone did help me right away but she was rude in the beginning.  She was conversing with her coworker on tasks they needed to complete. She didn't really take me seriously until she noticed I was  already wearing a Movado like herself. I narrowed my choices down to two watches but to my surprise a customer walked in to and interrupted our conversation to express her urgency to clean her ring.  The sales associate took the customer's ring and went to clean it and left me standing there. I walked out the store and will never return. I will find my watch elsewhere.
1	I go into the mall frequently, and I avoid helzberg every time! Their customer service is insulting and discriminating, I'm a 21 year old woman and I was wanting to purchase a pandora bracelet and 5 beads and I was waiting for someone to help me for about 45 minutes. I ended up leaving and very upset! I would never suggest that store to anyone!
1	I bought a TISSOT automatic for a $1000 2 months ago. The Watch stopped working, no matter what I do, it's useless. And Linda "self entitled Manager" tells me that there is absolute nothing she can do for me because it's been past the 30 days warranty ????? Wtf? A watch like this for that Price should work. But she sure took time to upset me, suck her teeth and continuing to be rude to me and my family. NEVER AGAIN AM I GOING TO BUY ANYTHING IN THIS PLACE. And neither should you, be aware of the fraud they are doing there to get u to buy something that's NOT worth the money  !!!!!!
5	This place is awesome! Excellent customer service. I am completely satisfied with the services they offered. I'll be back for sure. Joe is the man he really helped me out with a situation I had with my ring! Can't say enough good things about this store.
