5	So my kid was sick with a cough and then after three days seemed to get better. Then, the night of her seeming improvement she tanked. Chills, fever, and a back ache... (Red alert.) She fell asleep on the sofa as I cooked her dinner. I tried to wake her up but she was out cold (but with sweating.) I sat next to her trying to check her temperature when she suddenly sat up and said her stomach really hurt, so I ran with her to the bathroom. Just as I was congratulating myself on diverting disaster in her own words, "Mommy I threw up a rainbow." If it had been a unicorn we would have been on our way to PCH, but after some cleaning up and a warm bath I got her back to bed. I stayed up until three in the morning until her fever broke, turning her pillow over to the cool side, and blowing cool air on her neck, and petting her hair and wishing her back to well. Wishing didn't work so I got on the phone. In the morning I called her amazing group of doctor's and got her in immediately. And that is how it is done at Camelback Pediatrics, they  always see her if I call and request it. Her Doctor is Dr. Alexander and my daughter is madly in love with him, especially at three... she would cover her mouth and smile and giggle like a little geisha. We both love her doctor... he is smart, laid back, has a great sense of humor, is great with kids, and he explains things in a way a first time mom can understand. (He's been doing it for over twenty years so he has it down.) When my kid didn't walk at almost two years his diagnosis... she was lazy (it was a joke but it made me feel better... as I am very lazy and I thought, finally, something she gets from me.) She was walking weeks later. I just needed to relax and stop doing all her bidding (yeah, she was talking almost the moment she came out of the womb bossing me around so why walk?) The staff is all friendly and accommodating and we have seen almost every doctor in the practice and they are all wonderful. The waiting room is set up so well patients wait on one side of the office and sick on the other (smart.) To bad my own doctor's office isn't run so well. I wish I could take credit for finding such an amazing doctor but my friend Pam gave me the good advice. So thanks Pam! And thanks to Dr. Alexander for taking such great care of my little rainbow maker...
5	I would highly recommend Camelback Pediatrics.  This place was recommended to me by a friend that works in the neonatal unit at St. Josephs, and a different friend that works at Phoenix Children's Hospital.  WHAT AN EXCELLENT PLACE!  I have seen a few of the doctors, and they have all been very friendly and personable.  They calmly answer all of my questions, and explain things very clearly.  My son is an infant, and everyone that handles him at this office always manages to get a huge smile out of him.  The office is divided for sick and healthy patients, and there is also an infant room, to keep the babies away from the germs.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a pediatrician.
5	We've been taking our daughter to see Dr. Alexander since she was four or so months old. For how busy this office is, we've never had a problem with scheduling, insurance, late night calls, etc. The waiting room is split into Sick and Well areas, and both are kept very clean. We've seen a handful of the doctors here, and each has handled my daughter extremely well. They've also handled my numerous questions and concerns wonderfully, taking their time to assure I understand, and never rushing through answers. Actually, on our last well visit, Dr. Alexander sat with us for a good 15 minutes discussing numerous topics before casually heading off to his next appointment. Overall this is a fantastic office, and I look forward to future years here (crossing my fingers for well visits only!).
5	Dr Struble is wonderful! I am a nanny and have cared for lots of kids. With that comes a lot of experience with pediatricians. Dr Struble tops them all! She never rushes, answers all of your questions plus some, and is extremely devoted to her patients. She has a great memory too! She is a mom too that can relate to all of your feelings as a parent and will never take any question or issue lightly.
5	Can't imagine how they could do things better here.  Been coming here for over 8 years.  By now have seen every doc at least once since they cover for each other, and we have the utmost respect for each one, they are all awesome.  Patient, kind, don't make you feel rushed.  Like that the waiting room separates sick and well kids.  You just get the feeling from each doc that they truly enjoy what they do.
2	I liked them at first, Dr. Scharff is a very nice man. Things were going good until my daughter was about 5 months old. I brought her in one day because she was tugging at her ear and she was breathing a little funny. One of the docs, can't remember her name, rushed through our appointment and said nothing was wrong with her. I took her to Phoenix Children's E.R. that night and it turns out that she had bronchiolitis and and ear infection. More recently my daughter came in for a double ear infection, she was prescribed antibiotics and I left them out on accident. I called Walgreens to get a refill and they told me the doctor would have to approve it. She approved it but then my insurance said it was too soon for a refill. I called my insurance and was informed that the doc's office needed to call and get an override. I called them back and relayed the info and not even 60 seconds later Polly (a nurse) called me and said it wouldn't be covered because it was my fault that I'd left the medicine out. I asked her if she even called them and she said "no I just know they won't". If I was naive I wouldn't have called Express Scripts myself but I did. The lady said that my plan allowed a replacement refill and it was approved immediately. I called back to let Polly know that maybe she should check first before telling a parent that and the lady at the front desk acted like I was annoying her and rushed me off the phone. Linda, the lady who answers the phone 90% of the time acts like she works in a call center and has a quota she must reach for talk time. She talks super fast and rushes you off of the phone. I know it's a business but these people do not REALLY care about your children and they herd you through the office like cattle. I called and left a message for the office manager and what do you know, two days later and still no call. Hmmm.I will not be taking my daughter there anymore!! Guess that'll make more available room in the waiting area.   :)
1	I have been going there since my daughter was born 10 months ago. My experiences leave so much to be desired. Dr. Apley seems like she is there to get a paycheck and that's it. She rushes in and rushes out. It's always a very cold experience. Now, I'm not looking for hugs, but wow- it's unpleasant. Every time she walks out I think to myself- why are you in this position, you obviously aren't passionate about my child's health? And I will assume many others feel the same way.  And I understand it's a business, but i don't feel this way when I leave my dentist or obgny or eye doctor.  I don't mind paying a pretty penny for good health care for my daughter, I do mind paying what we do for this level of service. You call, Linda usually answers- speaks so fast to rush you off the phone you have no idea what she says. Today I called to ask to have my daughters files transferred to her new pediatrician. I say to her- I have no idea what you just said, you need to slow down.  She apologizes and says she 'very very busy'.   It's a constant rush, the most uncaring doctors office I've ever been in. Also, my daughter is not vaccinated. Every time we went in, we were made to feel like weirdos by the staff. Very uncomfortable. That office is a well oiled money making machine and it's very apparent.
5	I have been taking my girls to Camelback Pediatrics for almost five years.  I only have amazing things to say about this place!  I refer all my friends with kids to Camelback.The office is clean, but also old school - no toys for kids to all play with and get germs all over, the doctors all have an office in each wing of the patient rooms and over all just a cool vibe.  The staff is always friendly and welcoming.  I usually don't wait more that 15 minutes to go back, which for a doctor office lets be realistic, is amazing!  We see Dr. Alexandar and he is super caring and not "medicine happy." If your kids are sick he will prescribe something, but doesn't seem to jump the gun in issuing meds or pushing vaccines.  If you want to delay shots a bit he is totally cool with your decision. When I have sick child they are always able to get me in that day and I really appreciate that.  For well checks you will need to schedule those in advance, but I would prefer that than not being able to get in a sick child.Take your kids - sick or well they will take great care of them!
5	I have been going to Camelback Pediatrics since I was a kid (woo hoo, I feel old). Now my own children go there as well. We primarily see Dr. Alexander who is extremely knowledgeable and has a great bedside manner with the kids.  He gives great medical advice and is there to listen to parent concerns. The nursing staff I have never had a problem with, I know there are a few Doctors I would rather see than others. Linda is a fast talker when you try and make phone appointments. I would like to say I would find a practice closer to home/ work that I would trust, but our family has been going to this practice for close to 34 years, it is too difficult to chose something else when I know they are great!
1	I had been going to Camelback Pediatrics since my daughter was born. She is 11 months old. Initially I really liked the place because they were able to get us in right away when needed. I have had 2, inexcusable, bad experiences and have since decided to no longer take my daughter there. To be fair, Dr. Alexander is phenomenal. I REALLY like him, but the practice he works at is terrible.Bad Experience #1: I had taken my daughter to urgent care on a Friday because she developed a really high fever (103.5). The doctor told me that she was probably fighting a viral infection & to watch it because it could be a urinary tract infection. She said if my daughter wasn't better by Monday to take her into our regular pediatrician. Her high fever continued so I took her into Camelback Pediatrics and saw Dr. Scharff on Monday. He decided that it was a good idea to get a urine sample & we had to do it via catheter. (My poor lil baby!) He told me that if we didn't hear back from them by 2pm the next day to call in to get the results of the urinary analysis. Sure enough, we didn't hear anything by 2pm so I called the office at about 2:20pm. No answer. It was the Tuesday before the 4th of July which fell on a Wednesday this year so the office had closed early!!! I called the after hours answering service & they said to call back again & they'd page the doctor again if they didn't call me back within 45 minutes. I did this FOUR TIMES. Finally the person at the answering service told me that they had talked to the doctor being paged and were told that the doctor did not have access to lab results from home. Okay, fine. Why couldn't the doctor call & tell ME that the first time I had her paged??? The doctor on call was Dr. Apley. I have seen other negative reviews about this pediatrician as well. Most people know that if a urinary tract infection goes untreated it can become a kidney infection which is quite serious. My husband and I decided to take out daughter to Phoenix Children's Hospital since her fever was still really high & the pediatrician never got back to us with the test results and we'd have to wait until Monday to get them. It's unbelievable that an office would close early a day before the holiday without making sure all patients had been given their test results. Especially one as potentially serious as my daughter's. It was double bad that the doctor on call didn't have the courtesy to at least call ME back the first time she was paged and tell me they couldn't get the results for me. Unbelievable. So my daughter ended up getting a catheter again because of their irresponsibility. Bad Experience #2:I was recently out of town and my daughter got a really bad diaper rash. I tried different diaper rash creams and nothing seemed to phase it. Friends of mine had told me that their pediatricians had prescribed diaper rash creams that cleared it up quickly. So on Friday morning, I called the pediatricians office & put in a prescription request at 8:30am. Since I know how they do things, I called back at 4:30pm to check on the status of my request. The lady told me that they hadn't gotten to it yet, but to call my pharmacy after 5pm to check to see if they got it. Sure enough I call the pharmacy at 5:45pm and no prescription was called in... The pediatricians office closes at 5pm and it was a Friday. So basically they left me out of town, for an entire weekend with a baby with a horrible diaper rash. I called in on Saturday morning just to make sure they perhaps didn't get it submitted until after office hours & nope, no prescription. That was the final straw!!!! I am done with them.
3	Great doctors, inadequate office staff.
2	I am torn with this review. I wish we could review the doctors and office staff separately. I would give the front office staff the lowest score possible. They are the worst people to deal with hands down. Before even leaving the hospital from my c section, the front office staff was calling to harass me because my son "was not covered" on either of my two insurances. From my experience, insurances do not add people on the minute the are born or eligible. They called me again TWICE before his first appointment at four days old. Then, when I came in for his appointment, they told us he was not covered. I again explained that he had probably not been added. I explained that we had ALWAYS carried insurance, that my son was covered through both insurances and that it would be fine. They said they would call the insurance again. Then they asked me if my two year old had gone back to the newborn waiting room with my husband. He had. So they made me walk to the newborn area to tell my two year old he could not sit back there. I could not walk well at all yet, but they did not seem to mind. I walked back to tell my husband to bring the newborn and my son out to the other waiting area- where we had to walk back to again. Lots of fun walking through the burning sensation from my incision. Once we all sat down, they came out into the waiting room and told us (loudly and in front of the other patients) that he had not been added yet (shocker!) and that we would have to pay the full fee if we wanted to keep the appointment. We agreed to pay. They made sure to tell us several times that we were being considered self pay patients. I was humiliated. I called one of the insurance companies and ended up missing most of my son's appointment because I was explaining the situation to the agent. She said she had never heard of such a thing and that I typically took about three weeks to add a new person to a policy. She told the woman behind the desk that newborns were automatically covered from day one. Based on hearing that information, the ladies behind the desk finally quit harassing me and I got to see the last few minutes of the doctor's visit. When I complained to the office manager, she said "the staff were following the training instructions they had been given." No apology. I would leave in a second if it were not for the amazing doctors. Dr. Apley and Dr. Alexander are incredible. It is too bad they have such horrid office staff. Here's hoping the front office staff has high turnover and they all end up leaving so that the doctors have employees who do not treat normal people like homeless people. Horrible.
1	I am appalled at how this place operates. The staff are rude (the woman who sets appointments gave me attitude on several occasions), the doctors come and go because they don't give them enough time to see and get to know patients. They book infant and toddler well-visits 10 minutes apart. That is not enough time to check out an infant and administer shots. I would give "0" stars if I could. I have been trying for 3 weeks to get my 18 month in for a well visit and shots. They have NO appointments and cannot accommodate around my working mom schedule.
5	We've been taking our kids here since they were born and we've never had a bad experience. The doctors are caring and actually care about the kids. Yes, sometimes they seem rushed, but that's probably because its such a popular place and they've never failed to take the time to answer any questions or address any concerns you may have. Additionally, the nurses are very professional and take great care of our kids as well.If you live in the Central Phoenix / Arcadia area, these are the pediatricians you want to see.
5	I LOVE Dr. Campbell. we have been taking all 3 of our kids here for 9 years the staff is amazing and very "on top" of my kids needs. i am a nurse and my husband is a physician and we are very picky about our doctors. Camelback peds. is way above expectations!!
1	We love the doctors there, but the office to include Rosemary and Brenda, as well as the heavier set Mexican female are among the rudest people on earth.  I was told by Dr Frakes (who left the practice, and is an AWESOME DR!) that a copay would be waived.  She leaves the practice and now Rosemary and Brenda wont take care of it, keep threatening me with collections, and do not return calls.  When I am live in the office the staff just says they are not there.  This is such a HUGE turn off to a place with great doctors.  It is time the doctors understand how bad their front office staff really is!
5	I take my daughter to see Dr. Campbell. She is awesome! She always remembers us and is very gentle and caring. I strongly recommend her!
4	Love, love, love Dr. Struble and Dr. Apley. They've both been great. They listen and give me way more time than I've experienced elsewhere. The waiting room blissfully does not have toys that I have to try to keep my kids off of for fear of sickness and is clean, though I'd prefer more separation for sick and well-visit waiting areas. Our pediatrician in DC had separate rooms, so I guess I got spoiled. The cost of care is ridiculously exorbitant. $100 flat (10% copayment) to tell me my child had vertigo from large ear wax clumps that they flushed with water. Should've seen that coming when you're mere blocks from the Biltmore. Like the many other reviews, I dread dealing with the office staff in ANY way. They're rude, they yell my contact info across the waiting area, the appointment-setter talks so fast I feel like I'm getting brain-whiplash trying to keep up, and the worst part is they hold your ID until after your appointment so you don't skip out on your payment. "Welcome to our practice. Let me treat you like a common criminal," does not make a good first impression. But I can honestly say I've never, ever been to a doctor that does have friendly, helpful, or kind office staff so maybe I just need to accept this kind of behavior as the new norm and move on?At the end of the day, I take my kids there for the AMAZING doctors, not the staff, $, or  waiting room so that's what keeps us coming back.
5	In my opinion, what's important about a physicians' office is the quality of the physicians.  In that respect, I have only very good things to say.  We have seen a few of the doctors for well child visits as well as for sick visits.  We have found the doctors to be personable, knowledgable, and professional.  They take the time to answer questions and don't seemed rushed.  Their office is not perfect (though no office is perfect).  Sometimes it can be difficult to schedule a regular check up as they are busy.  We have requested an after hours call that did not get answered on the first call. The front desk staff, however, have only been courteous, as have the medical assistants and nurses.  I have read the negative reviews on this site and have had a very different experience.
5	Everything about this practice has been a dream so far.  I transferred care here after I felt dismissed and brushed off at my kid's other pediatric office.  The very first visit Dr. Apley ordered blood work and we found out the next day my kid has some type of immune deficiency.  Since then I've seen Dr. Alexander and Dr. Strupe (?), too and they have all been awesome.  They are respectful to me, playful and attentive with my child and incredibly thorough.  Other awesome perks of Camelback Peds include: the most awesome phlebotomist (my 16 mo old hardly even cried!), my FMLA paperwork was filled out same day, and the nurses were super knowledgeable about my FSA/health account where most dr offices get super confused and make me pay in advance.  I can't say enough about their service, their care and their office procedures.  I'm so grateful I found them!PS. My mom took me there when I was a kid, and loved the practice just as much.  Dr. Apley and Dr. Alexander were my doctors too.  I wish I'd listened to my Mom sooner when she suggested I try them out!
