1	One of the least attractive calzones I've ever had. Overfilled with ricotta and mozzarella cheeses, unfresh spinach, a crust that managed to be too thin and tasteless. Overall an off-putting flavor. I understand why the owner promotes gluten-free pizza, but if this is all that can be done gluten-free, no thanks.
4	If you have to eat gluten free - you need to eat here. The pizza and hoagies are awesome! HOWEVER the service is lacking here. On more than one occasion they "forgot" to make my food....
2	Mandy's is a cute, convenient little shop along Murray. Unfortunately, the pizza wasn't that great (I think I would've preferred a chain like Pizza Hut, even). I ordered two slices to go, and one had some very strange un-melted cheese piled on the top (I didn't request extra cheese). The guys behind the counter were nice, and Mandy's really does offer a kind of a quaint atmosphere, but I'd recommend heading down the block to Aiello's or Mineo's if you actually want some good pizza.
1	We ordered for the first time from Mandy's today. I ordered the cod hoagie platter and my boyfriend ordered the steak hoagie. The fish was so overcooked that it was like eating leather, my fries were soggy and I would guess the coleslaw was at least 3 days old given the brownish color. Where I used to work, the coleslaw we threw out on day 2 looked more appetizing. The steak hoagie was mediocre at best. Though they should probably rename it a steak-um hoagie. Then there is the $2 delivery fee they charge for the 1 mile journey. I doubt I will ever order from this place again.
1	Horrible. Ordered a thin crust, what they have in mind is this messy, doughey mess with too much sauce. Stop calling it a thin crust! What are you, stupid? This explains why there are so many things on the menu. I sort of want to try their gluten free pizza, but if they can't get a thin crust right, I dunno
2	I had pizza from Mandy's at a catered event in June, and I wasn't impressed. The cheese pizza was just okay, and the buffalo chicken was tasteless, and the toppings wen't evenly distributed. The sauce was on the sweeter side, and the crust wasn't as crispy as I'd like it. The salad that came with it was pretty nondescript, too. On the box, it says it's PGH's most award-winning pizza. I don't know who's giving out these awards, but it's time for them to look elsewhere.NOTE: This review was originally posted for the Observatory Hill location, but I'm pretty sure the pizza was purchased from this location, since the event was located in Oakland. (The listing for this location didn't exist when I posted it.)
5	Although they seem to be working out some kinks, Mandy's food makes up for it. I love their many vegan options. I think their pizza is great. I can't wait to try everything on their unique vegan menu!
1	I'm reluctant to write this review, as I contacted the owners last week via email about recent problems with delivery. My complaints were not addressed. Saying this, Mandy's is an establishment that offers a variety of GF and allergen free foods. The problem with this being the one of the only establishments that does, they can skimp on quality and customer service and customers will continue to order because other options are scarce (Dominos... please.). Anyways, I am GF and ordered regularly from Mandy's with no problem. However, the last three times my food took at least 2 hours to arrive after ordering and always showed up cold and old. I had to call each time to check on it, and was offered apologies but no refunds or delivery fees waived. I reached out to the owners via their website but my concerns were not addressed. In ALL honesty, in the amount of time it takes for a cold product to show up at my door I could go to the store to buy ingredients and make GF pizza from scratch. If the owners do address my complaints I will update this review.
5	What can I say? I love Mandy's pizza. Any time I am in the area, I stop into either this location or in Westview for their allergen and gluten free goodies. I've never gotten delivery so I can't comment on timing or quality in that regard, but my pizza, fries, wings and hoagie always come out fresh and delicious. Their fries are actually my favorite of all time. Holy heavenly potato. Try their white pizza. It is perfection and chock full of veggie and cheesy goodies. They also have an amazing selection of gluten free beers by the bottle, including my all time favorite Green's Dry Hopped Lager (naturally gluten free). It was voted no. 1 gluten free beer in the world. It is true. Stop in and enjoy Mandy's whether you have celiac, food allergies or no allergies at all! You won't be disappointed.
4	Great Pizza. Resonable prices. We had medium xtra cheese pizza, poppers and a drink for $20. They have quite a beer selection. They have vegan friendly, glueten free selection on the menu too. I will definitely come here again.
5	Great pizza, and really nice staff.  We waited longer than usual for our pizza so the manager gave us a free round of beer - I'll definitely be returning to this great neighborhood pizza joint!
2	We have ordered a pizza and waited long time. But at the end, they gave us a hoagie... The lady there promised to refund us, but we never received it.
5	We love this place!! The gluten free pizza is fantastic and my husband enjoyed his regular pizza too!  We've dined in twice and the pizza came fast.  Staff was friendly. They also have gf sandwiches, chicken fingers, and fries - which I look forward to trying!
2	This review is only for the delivery service.  We are only a 10 minute drive from Mandy's during the worst traffic of the day.  I placed an order at 7:36 online and the pizza did not arrive until 9:15.  Pretty ridiculous.  I had to place the pizza in the oven for 10 minutes before we could even eat it.  After we heated it up though, it was pretty good pizza with excellent crust.  Step up the delivery game Mandy's!
5	This place is so great! The two times I have been here I got a free beer, delicious pizza, and extremely friendly and personable staff. I will come here all the time for my pizza needs! And they have vegan and gluten free options. I haven't tried them yet but I'm sure they are awesome!
1	I went there today for beer, not food, but I think it speaks wonders to the character of the staff and management (and perhaps owner).  I inquired beforehand how the beer was ordered and was told domestic was $10,99, import 18,99 for 6 packs.  I grabbed a six pack of Yuengling, and the manager or owner instructed the person with regard to something on how to ring it up.  The cashier told me $18,99.  I said The gentleman (manager or owner) said it was $10,99.  He said that Yuengling is an import even though it is "Made Here".  The manager/owner nodded his head in agreement, and than I mentioned that not only is it not an import, but its made in POTSVILLE PENNSYLVANIA.  Long story short, be very wary of spending your money at this business, because I promise they are scamming the students in the neighborhood because of their ignorance.  They should really be ashamed for trying to scam unsuspecting people.  Luckily I know better, and now you do too!
3	Food was pretty good, service was so slow. We ordered pizzas. One gluten free, two regular. We also wanted water - had to pay $1.50 per bottle for five bottles. Ouch. FIFTY minutes later, we got our pizzas. They were good, although I wouldn't get the BBQ chicken again. It comes with breaded chicken and has fries on top. After one and a half slices, my stomach hurt from the heaviness and greasiness of the meal. Others had Hawaiian and cheese. No complaints there. Taste of food alone, I'd give a higher rating, but the wait time is just too long for pizza.
4	Wonderful gluten free menu.  We've ordered here quite a bit.  Gf pizza is very good and the gluten free wings are GREAT.  Hits the spot for gluten free fried chicken too.
2	Terrible service. Short tempers with two different guys working there. The vegan options are pretty limited and expensive. They charge a lot extra per topping. And a lot extra if you want the vegan cheese. Also no tap water only bottled. Pizza wasn't bad.
1	Terrible service. Pizza was delivered almost 2 hours after I ordered it. Delivery guy did not apologize or offer an explanation for this, nor did the staff when I called to check on the status of my pizza. By the time I received them, what would have ordinarily been a mediocre pizza and just-ok pepperoni rolls were cold, hard, and inedible. Additionally, they did not include the sauces/dressings I paid for. Very careless.Terrible service, average food. Will not be back.
3	I would have rated Mandy's higher; however, there have been a few misses.  First off, I am gluten free and let me say when done properly/ 90% of the time their pizza is amazing.  My personal favorite is the gf buffalo chicken pizza, it is a must try.  I also just say that they seem to have like a bacon, chicken, ranch gf pizza.... so that's next on my list.  Now to that other 10%... so their delivery drivers are not always the nicest.  Most of them are amazing, super helpful and if something's wrong i swear one almost started sprinting back on foot while apologizing.  I guess i had one bad experience, which after ordering off of grubhub and specifically giving the information that my buzzer did not work and to call my cell... well lets just say that was all lost in translation.  What resulted was after a long day of work, i was basically yelled at by the delivery driver for 1) ordering off of grubhub for delivery at all 2) not answering the buzzer ( which did not buzz) 3) and him having to call back to home base to get my number.  to make matters worse during that one instance, the cheese wasnt even melted on the pizza... all i can say is that they must have been very busy that night.  Also expect that Mandy's will be busy and it may take anywhere from 30 min to 75 min to get your pizza for delivery.  if you go and pick it up... it'll usually be ready in around 20.my other experiences with Mandy's, the staff, the owner etc have been positive and friendly. Definitely going back, love this place...just be aware that if you use grubhub... and leave instructions for delivery... there might be a problem.
4	I live close to this awesome little pizza joint that has both meat and vegan pizza options. Some of the staff are so-so, but it's the food that counts! I came here not really knowing what I should order and asked about a few of the vegan pizzas on the menu and didn't really have any suggestions or clarification on some of the items at first..eventually I had to keep grilling them about things (i.e. can I do a half-and-half vegan pizza, what's the white pizza, etc.). But, keep in mind, it's a pizza joint, not a 5 star Michelin rated restaurant. Mandy's couldn't do a half-and-half of which I wanted a half vegan white, and a half vegan pepperoni, so I ended up ordering a whole vegan white pizza. 've never had a vegan white pizza nor a 'real' white pizza (due to my allergies) and damn, it was good! I finished off the entire pie myself. I don't like red onions and ended up picking them off because I forgot to order the pizza without them, but the pizza was super yummy. I asked for a side of red marinara sauce (because I couldn't do my half-and-half) and that was more than sufficient to satiate my palate. The vegan white was yummy and it was not too creamy, greasy, or overwhelming in anyway, and Daiya cheese was used to top it off. It's a bit expensive for the vegan pizzas, but the prices are comparable to other vegan pizzerias on the west coast, so Mandy's is not overpriced for the vegan pizzas. I'm glad Mandy's exists, especially because I'm severely allergic (i.e. I carry an Epi-pen and swig Benadryl like soda) to dairy, dairy by-products (lactose, whey, caesin, etc), fish, and shellfish, so it's another option for people like myself to eat and have a somewhat normal life when it comes to eating at restaurants. I did not have any allergic reactions (immediate or delayed), and I'm one of those super sensitive folks that quickly swell up end up in the ER.If you're a football or hockey fan, they have TVs in the dining area for you to watch the games. There is also a waiting area with a couch and a few (sports) magazines at the front of the restaurant by the door/windows. All I know for sure is that during my clinical rotations in Pittsburgh, I'll probably be spending a lot of time at Mandy's eating vegan pizzas with whatever free evenings I might have. Yay!!Hopefully staff will improve their customer service from what I'm reading from other reviews, but I had no problems with ordering my pizza and they were clear (albeit curt) with their answers when I grilled them about vegan items, cross-contamination, and specific ingredients on the menu. The vegan pizza is worth it though.
2	Mandy's Pizza's popularity baffles me.  My program recently catered in this pizza for an event, and I would LOVE to know whose idea that was.  The first time I tried Mandy's was in West View because I needed gluten free pizza.  I was not impressed with the regular or gluten free but had only tried the cheese.At our meeting, I tried to vegetable, pepperoni, and cheese.  Sadly, the cheese was the best of the bunch.  Have you ever seen a bunch of college students throw food away? I had not- until we got this pizza.  The pizza was cold and did not taste much.  The next day, everyone was complaining of not feeling well after eating this pizza.  The vegetable tasted like frozen spinach was on it, and the cheese on all of the pizzas was really greasy or something.I really love pizza, and even though Mandy's constantly sends out coupons, I just have no interest in returning.  Maybe eating in is a different experience.
5	One thing I hate is eating out or getting take out, and being disappointed.   We decided to get Mandys a try for a quick dinner tonight and our expectations were completely exceeded.  The white Pizza is absolutely phenomenal!  Not the typical boring cheese and tomato,  the melted cheese plus pieces of feta,  tomato, and onions -  needless to say was very flavorful and not heavy at all.   We also got a small cheese Pizza for our daughter which was also very good!  The icing on the cake was the cinnapuffs...  They're a mix between a funnel cake and donut hole,  but so light and delicious. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM!  Overall were extremely pleased,  money well spent and we will definitely return!!!
