4	When I want to hear the music from the old school, Mega 104.3 is the answer.  Only being born in 1977 and recently becoming a fan of R&B, I really appreciate having this choice of frequency.The music?  Spanning from the Chi-Lites / Spinners of the 60s to the Mariah Carey / Next of this decade.  And I love that a majority of the music is from the 70s - 80s.  Recently I heard a tune by a group "La Flavour" called "Mandolay".  An old retro track that I have never heard before - despite my love of disco music and euro retro.  I really love this radio station for playing the retro tracks that I discover and the songs that I love.The DJs?  The morning guy Alex is solid, less of the goofy hijinx then the previous manic hispanic.  The beatiful Angie Gomez is very informative and pleasant on the ear.  And later on, the station becomes more participatory with the listeners, old school fool Raoul like having his "mega moment" and taking the 104th caller for prizes.
5	When I want to hear some old school jams, stuff I was rollerskating to when I was a kid in the late 80's/early 90's, I tune into Mega 104.3!  I only wish they had a stronger signal so I could pick it up on my radio at work.  Still, I cant help but be in a good mood when I hear on my way into or from work songs like by Debbie Deb (Lookout Weekend or When I Hear Music),  Cutie Pie by One Way, or Feels Good by Toni Toni Tone!  For me, music like Mega plays can turn a horrible workday drive home into a wonderful relaxed evening at home!  Dayum, just thinking about those few songs brings a smile to my face!   :D
3	104.3 plays some of the Old School R&B and Hip-Hop that I remember from high school, middle school, and younger.  It's a fun station to tune into and more times than not, I end up smiling because those songs bring back good memories.They don't play any of the hard stuff, it's very mellow.  It's good to listen to when I'm in traffic because it gets me into a good mood.  The only problem is that the on-air personalities talk too much in the mornings, so I end up tuning out when that happens.Return Factor - 80%
