4	Oh, yum yum yum yum yum. What could be better than a sweet, lightly crunchy cinnamon crunch bagel with freshly made hazelnut cream cheese and a fresh, steaming cup of coffee to start your morning? Or a freshly grilled turkey, bacon, cheddar, and sun dried tomato sandwich for lunch, with a Jone's soda to wash it down?I love Panera Bread (or as I call it, "Pantera Bread," 'cuz I'm so hardcore like that) so much. It's clean, comfy, it smells like coffee, and the food is the best. Sometimes, at lunch and dinner, there can be quite a line, but it's always worth it if you have the time to stick around. Oh, and if you need bread, their Country Loaf is always a good choice.
3	Don't get me wrong, I like Panera Bread but it seems like the food doesn't taste as good the more I eat there. The soups are fantastic and the bread is pretty good too. I'm not a fan of the sandwiches. They have too much condiments on them and the bread gets soggy quickly. I do have to say that the customer service is great, and they always have patience with people who can't make up their minds.
5	A great hang over cure..I love this place, and walking in is so inviting. So I love the chipotle chicken sandwich. And it fills you up quick. That and a bottle of Jones soda pop makes it complete. Screw normal fastfood, this place is awesome.
4	This is what you get when you combine Starbucks+food+variety of both = Panera Bread! I loved the place! I tried the cuban panini with Tai tea! to die for! Green ice tea and coffee are great too! This is the perfect place to hang out with friends an dhave a good bite! Totally recommend it!!!
4	I've only been to Panera Bread once before since there aren't any in my area both at home nor where I go to school, but the last time I had Panera Bread, I enjoyed it so when I saw that the plaza my family and I stopped at to have lunch on our way home from our vacation had a Panera Bread, I immediately suggested that we go there.The experience I had at this particular Panera Bread was really great. I loved my Fuji Chicken Salad. I'm usually very particular about my meat, but I loved the chicken in my salad. I also loved how they put apple chips in the salad as well. Also, even though I love cheese, I sometimes find feta a little overpowering, but in this case they didn't add too much and it worked really well with everything else in the salad. I also tried some of my sister's macaroni and cheese, which I liked as well.I was very impressed by the service we got. The people behind the registers and our servers were all very friendly. The manager also came and checked up on us as we were finishing up our meal and offered to take our plates for us!It's a pity I don't live closer to any Panera Bread locations... Otherwise, I'd be going a lot more!
3	The people are nice i like the food need more organic options
2	I use to love this place for soup.  Now I find their soups are thin and never served very hot.  My wife took her soup to the microwave to get it so it was hot.  The staff is great and helpful but the quality of the food has really slipped.  I have tried several times and same bad results.  I guess it is time to find a new soup place.
4	Love this place for breakfast and lunch. The food is good and service is friendly. Only complaint is the cashiers have a hard time with specialty coffee drinks above your generic coffee. On the plus side, they bring you food and drinks to your table and even offer pick up your mess when you are done.
3	good for what it is - soup, salad, sandwhich.i like the breakfast power sandwhich - it's basically an expensive egg mcmuffin with ham. i think i'm gonna just go to mcdonald's next time.their pastries are nearly always really dry
1	This place is really having issues and it's crazy dirty.  The food has just plummeted, my sandwich had one little piece of steak on it, it was so pitiful, I was just speechless.  A friend of mine has severe allergies to cheese and soy, she told them this, and still put cheese on her salad.  I got a peek of the area where they prepare the food, it was a mess!  I was thinking twice about ordering, but I was starving and my friends were already eating.  I've seen cleaner bathrooms at truck stops.  It's just disgusting!
3	I'm a fan of Panera Bread in general. They're good for an alternative to Quiznos or Subway. It *seems* like you're eating a little healthier as well, but I won't hold my breathe on whether or not that is actually true. This particular one can get super packed, but I was there today right around lunchtime on a Saturday and my friend and I didn't wait at all to get our orders in. I like that they have people who come around and take your plates from your table when you're done. Also, I am a HUGE fan of the chips they serve with their sandwiches. Extra crunchy and tasty! My go-to sandwich is the Ceasar Salad Sandwich and I always get it with half the cheese they normally put on it. The romaine lettuce always has a snap and the tomatoes and red onions are always rockin'. Overall Panera is a good stop for a quick lunch or if you're hankering for a sammich and you just want to go for an old stand-by.
5	Went back for second try it is was great!  The soups were hot and service was fast.  The manager fix a minor problem with the bill.  Over all great improvement!
3	I am not really sure why, but I had never been to a Panera Bread before this past weekend. I was going to the mall to return an item and had a rumbly tummy, so I decided to give them a try... My tuna salad sandwich was basic, the best part was the honey wheat bread... I guess I should have expected as much considering where I was eating! The tomato soup was better, I really enjoyed the croutons that came in it. My iced chai latte was excellent, but rather small for the price... Overall it was an ok lunch experience. I found Panera to be on the pricey side for what they offer, so I am unsure how quickly I will return.
4	Had a quick breakfast here and it's much better than places like Einstein's for a comparable price.  I had a coffee and a cinnamon bun and both were good.  Would come back!
4	Great breads and sandwiches.  I don't have too much to say about Panera.  I visit occasionally for a sandwich and they have not disappointed.  I have never gotten any soups or even stayed to eat so I can't comment on dine-in service.  The staff is willing to recommend sandwiches and offer opinions if you ask.  If you are looking for a well made sandwich on fresh delicious bread, I don't think you could go wrong here.
4	Yummy.I love the breakfast Souffles - check em out. If you dont have a local Bakery/ Deli this is the next best thing. The food is not great but it is strong. And, the bread is good/fresh. I mean it does have bread in the name so it better be. I agree with other posters that the price tilts towards the pricey side. But Ill pay for a little bit of quality vs a plate load of crap.
5	Another trip to Vegas and another visit to Panera Bread.  Unfortunately, nothing new to report.  Service was friendly, attentive, and quick while the soup (chicken stew) and sandwich (Mediterranean Veggie) were excellent as usual.  One of these days, I'll try the salad but in crisp (but not actually cold) autumn weather, their delicious soup is an awesome way to warm up.
4	So fresh and delicious!
4	Really like it here! I love the counter where  you place your order. It's very open, and you are not all crammed in with other people. Theresa took our order, and she was super friendly and outgoing.
4	Awesome customer service everytime I've been here. The broccoli cheddar soup inside the sourdough bread bowl is my favorite. It's the best I've ever had, even the kids love it. CONS: It can get a bit pricey depending on what you order (still totally worth it tho).. & No high chairs or booster seats for children at this location.
3	Not too bad if you have to stop and get a snack.  The food is alright but a little pricey for my taste.. not saying it's uber expensive, but there are other grubs in the area that would rather mosey on over to instead of Panera.  What I do like is the fresh lemonades they have.  Usually pretty tart and not overly sweet, I find myself getting just this when I stop by rather than something to eat.The bread is tasty but not tasty enough to draw me in very often.. ok grubs for an ok lunch at a little-over-ok price.
4	I like Panera Bread and have for years. Their Pick 2 menu option has become my favorite as I can basically split my order to have a hot sandwich and a cold Italian Combo or toss in soup if I want it. Service is typically a cut above many of the places I go, typically friendly and with a lot of smiles. Pricing, yeah its not cheap, and portion sizes are not huge. But I prefer quality over quantity and I find that here. I avoid the Cinnamon rolls and brownies because they are so good. 4 Strong Stars.Oh and they have Iced Chai Tea that is the closest I've found to what is served at Burning Man'
4	YUMMY!!!! Can't go wrong with Panera. The thing that urks me most is the single door entrance/exit...this place needs double doors with all the people going through it!
4	We have had good and bad customer service experience at this Panera location, but the food is always tasty!
5	I've been a regular at any Panera that is close to or on my way to work.  I worked close to this location and went for lunch/dinner and sometimes breakfast at least a few times a week.  The managers and employees will learn your order if you are a regular, and they always make it a point to strike up conversation.  There isn't a single thing on the menu that you can go wrong with at any Panera, and with everything made on-site, and daily leftovers going to local food banks, you feel good about eating at what is essentially a fast food chain, when you get down to it.Good food, great atmosphere, wonderful staff at all locations, and their fresh brewed tea (unsweetened) is a personal addiction of mine.
5	Me and my husband stop in one of are day dates. The food was great the customer service was wonderful. This was few weeks ago. The best thing we are first time customer.
5	This place is wonderful I had not been to Panera in about 3 years. I use to go to the one located in Saint Louis every other day. I am addicted to Panera and as of today I recall why. The food here is very healthy and when you leave you will be full. I give this five stars because its really going to keep me on track with eating healthy. The quick service and its very clean what more do you need out of life. OMG they should give me my own parking space. I wonder do they do that? Yes when I pull up in front a space marked Sam's space only. Giggles A girl can dream. But I must go I'm off to Panera I've made myself hungry.
4	There present special of the turkey sandwich with apples in it was unique and good. Never disappointed with anything I get a Panera and neither will you.
2	My friend brought me here go hang out. It's a really nice place to hang out. It was my first time here and I've never heard of it. I looked up on yelp to see what was popular. I saw the broccoli cheddar soup seemed to be popular so I ordered that in a bread bowl and I was reallllly craving a strawberry banana smoothie...bit they only had strawberry smoothies so I ordered that. I don't think this is a good place for me because I HATE bread. The soup was good but not great like everyone here is saying. I couldn't eat the bread bowl it was too hard. The smoothie was delicious but it was 10 dollars all together. Didn't like that. Not sure if anything else is great but I don't really like sandwiches either so I doubt I'll ever be coming back. Don't see how it's popular or has such a good rating.
4	Wonderful salads and super for calorie counting!! Always a nice place to get a good meal that is consistent.  Can't go wrong with the food or atmosphere.
2	I was really disappointed.  I had heard so many nice things.  My friend suggested the turkey sandwich on three cheese bread.  It was horrible...soggy bread, barely any meat, a half piece of bacon and one slice of yellow cheese.  After each eating a half of our sandwiches we told the manager, that we were really disappointed...he graciously offered to remake.  He brought us each a 1/2 of a sandwich (Really??? cheap ass!!!).  But it was no better.  and he never came back to see if we liked.  So we left them.It was also almost $30 for two sandwiches and two large drinks.  Again, Really????I hear the bread is great.  Will have to stick to that if I return.
4	The food is amazing and they have great prices. I also liked how all staff members were fully knowledgable about all the items on the menu.
5	Love the Pick 2 lunch option! You get the best of both worlds by choosing two items from the soup, salad and sandwiches. It's plenty of food for a lunch break and all of their prices are very reasonable.
5	I came here for take out, I ordered the chicken tortellini Alfredo with chicken noodle soup, also got the roast turkey wheat berry salad, granted I didn't realize when I got home my soup wasn't there, but I called, and got top service, offered to upgrade for the bigger soup size, everyone is pleasant and all smiles, would recommend this place for sure
5	I have no shame in saying how much I love Panera!  I have always preferred Panera's coffee over Starbucks & I only wish they would open smaller stores so I could have it more often.  I love their rewards card too - I usually get a free item of sorts every couple of months.  Not only is the food high quality but they also have delicious baked goods, smoothies, etc - something for everyone.  The employees are always super friendly too!
4	This place was good. Fast service. Half sandwich half soup is the way to go. Reasonbly priced.
5	This location is always clean and the staff members are great. I have been coming here for years now and despite several staffing changes they are always friendly and consistent. You really can't go wrong with most of the menu items and pastries. The Bacon Turkey Bravo is among my favorites; served on tomato basil bread with a mildly sweet crust. Delicious! They also have great options that are well portioned for kids. My son loves the white macaroni and cheese. If you are crazy about iced tea, the black tea that they brew is probably the best among similar food outlets... it really is just right.
5	I love this place! Good, clean, quick, and consistent. I love a grilled cheese with tomato soup and they have the best! Just right not too much.
4	Better ran than the one in GVR.  Had to get the cashiers attention TWICE.  Right in the middle of taking the order he gets distracted and watches his coworker(s).  Kid bussing tables was on the ball last night.  Make him the manager of the GVR store.
2	Just went to this location they suck this sucks I'm so angry it makes me want to holler for help...look at the picture do u see the raw bacon because I see raw bacon and do u see cheese I asked for 2 different kinds of cheese nope not a lick of cheese now I have to turn around and go back ahhhh never again will I get food to go at this location because they can't be trusted with to go orders
2	The food is good, but don't try to call in a lunch order- they are too busy to take an order for lunch at lunch time! I guess I will stop trying to eat lunch at this location. I have never had this problem at any other Panera...
1	Severely over priced for what you get. $4.20 for a PBJ sandwich? Really? Never coming again.
1	Went in tonight at 8:36pm.  Everything shut down and no one working.  One employee actually walked past us taking off his apron.  No one stopped to wait on us.  Everyone was in the back goofing off or something.
1	Ok, when a place screws up 4 times, it warrants a pretty crappy review lol. I've been here more than 4 times, but honestly the last two times they forgot to put part of my order in the to-go bag.I was there today and asked twice if everything was in the bag. My fault for not checking myself, but it seriously doesn't take rocket science to read an order, make it, and put everything in the bag especially if there are 2 PEOPLE working on your order. When I called the place to let them know of their mistake, they tried to have me come back to pick it up. Ok, this is why I really feel that there are some pretty incompetent people working there. WHY WOULD I COME BACK IF I ORDERED TO-GO? Clearly there is a reason why I ordered take-out and there was no way to come back based on my time! When I explained this to the manager, he tried to instead just take my name down so that when I come back at a later time, I can get a free sandwich. Again, no, this has happened before and when I went back that time, there was no record of my name. So, after explaining that to the manager, I just told him I wanted to refund the missing order. He finally refunded it and we'll see if it shows up in the next couple of days.My girlfriend also got sick from the sandwich she had. Funny thing is that she had said the ham on her sandwich smelled a bit funny. Sure enough, 3 hours later she was having severe abdominal cramping and vomited.Pretty sure I will NEVER visit this Panera Bread location again.
4	One of my favorite spots. It's super clean and staff is always friendly and quick to offer help. I came here a lot after I got my wisdom tooth pulled to indulge in their soups since my diet was limited. Only negative is that it is a little pricey. However, I get a good deal from time to time by using my Panera card.
5	As a Panera first timer, I was a bit stressed out with all the options (everyone hates being the new person holding up the line), but everyone, especially mike, was so helpful! They gave us additional menus, they let us sample their different breads, their chips, their drinks, and they even threw in free drinks to accommodate my stressful nature. And when asked why they were all so nice, they laughed in surprise. Before even trying the food, the customer service of his place has me hooked.
1	This place sucks so bad!!! Who wants to pay 15.00$ for half a sandwich and half a soup??! Not only was it 15.00 for no food, but the sandwich had no taste, it was so plain--meat, cheese and lettuce. If you want a sandwich Go to Cafe Zupas, Subway or even home!! I have been here once and I will never eat here again..
4	I was looking for a place to eat after a long weekend of eating BBQ so I decided to stop at Panera bread to get one of theirs summer salads. It was like I hit the jackpot the place was not busy like it usually was and I ordered the avocado cobb salad. The salad was delicious and big enough to fill my belly. comes with feta cheese, hard boiled eggs, bacon, romaine lettuce and I believe cobb dressing. They have a good  different supply of ice tea flavors that most places do not carry. I was also impressed with the manager who was attentive to the customers even though it was not busy. I mean he could have just sat back and chilled but he was helpful and involved with the customer. Thanks for a great visit I will return
2	I like Panera, but this is the filthiest Panera I have ever been to, when I travel for work I usually hit Panera for breakfast so I've probably been to 15 deferent locations this year some in airports..... Even they wipe their tables, however this one in my home town has filth cakes everywhere
4	Yum Yum. Have the fontina grilled cheese. It is a amazing.
4	Panera is always an easy choice when I want a quick sandwich, salad, or soup, but I especially love coming here in Summer because the strawberry poppyseed salad is my favorite!  The only drawback...Pepsi products!  Good thing their iced tea is fresh.
4	For being a chain they have really tasty and fresh food. Although being a little salty, the Italian combo is a very light and flavorful sandwich. I like to do the "You Pick Two" and get a 1/2 sandwich with a soup. The lemon chicken something soup is really tasty & it's always a treat when they have their tortilla soup. One thing great about this location is the service. They are always happy, welcoming and a pleasure to order from.
1	I'm giving them three stars, because my favorite soup is back on the menu!  It is the Summer Corn Chowder and I hate it's only available a couple of months, because it's so good.  The staff seems friendly enough.  However, the place is always filthy.  I can never find a clean table.  The floors always need attention.  The chairs and booths are never cleaned out well.  I got the Pick 2, and the soup did not disappoint.  However, i got the Tomato/Mozzarella Panini, and it was not very good.  There wasn't a whole lot of Mozzarella in it.  It could use some basil or arugula.  I've been in a few Panera locations lately, and they seem to follow this same M.O.  Corporate really needs to address the cleanliness of their stores.  Also, it advertised Free Wi-FI, but yet I could not find an available Wi-Fi connection.  Glad the soup is back, and that made the visit decent, but it could have been SO much better.I changed my star rating to 1 today, as I believe they gave me food poisoning.  I've been sick at my stomach all day, and that's the only thing I ate.  Needless to say, I won't be back to this location.  I should have known that if the dining room is filthy, odds are the kitchen/prep areas will be treated with the same care, or lack there of.
4	The staff here is wonderful the food is good especially when looking for a light lunch.It's usually filled with the trendy or super nerdy. You see the soccer mom that still trying to  hold on. But besides all that the good is good and fresh.  I really enjoy the baked goodies over here. Also got great rewards program
2	Odd in layout with an absolute lack of electrical outlets this is possibly the worst Panera in the Valley - all of the others varying in quality from good to excellent.  Apparently doubling as playground for children with irresponsible parents visiting the nearby mall it was almost intolerable to spend more than thirty minutes here and with a laggy internet further confounding the experience I'll just as soon head on over to the Eastern location when visiting the southeast from now on.
3	My favorite things about Panera are their apple side option, their 99 cent pastries, and Mediterranean  Sandwich. The sundried  tomato bread is delectable. My least favorite things are the smoothies ( taste too syrupy), the autumn squash soup (too sweet I couldn't finish it) and the long lunch lines. 11:30am  is a good time to beat the lunch rush!
5	Catered lunch today. Excellent delivery and setup. Definitely will use again. Ordered sandwich platter, large fruit bowl and chicken Cobb salad with drinks for 12. Order came in at about $200. including delivery and tip. Very reasonable and the office loved it.
5	I am loving the new Panera app! This place has always given me great service and with the app it is even easier. I recently had an issue with an order and when I came in Nick gave me the best service possible. As someone who manages a medium sized company I can say that if he is not a manager, manager in training, or assistant manager, he should be.
2	This location isn't good. The workers aren't exactly the most efficient, the portions on the smaller side, and the wifi useless. I came in and ordered a pumpkin muffie (yes "muffie" not "muffin") and the pick 2 - bbq chicken flatbread sandwich and steak salad. The muffie is a cute and fluffy little muffin top. I would heat it up in the microwave before eating it ... it tastes way better. The sandwich and salad were standard but on the small side. Considering it's a "flatbread" you'd expect more insides than outside. But nope not here. They also came and asked me if I got my food twice. I could've easily lied and said "no." And when I ordered the muffie, the cashier told me she'd bring it out to me later because there were a lot of people in line. By the way as a side note, I don't get why 2 idle workers who were chatting with each other didn't just grab it. But okay. That's fine, I don't mind. So I go back to my seat. I wait about 15 minutes. Where's my muffie?! I go back to check when there's no line. I ask her where it is, and she looks confused. And then she remembers and said she put it on the counter. Where? She points to the other side where the pastry displays are, far from where I had been sitting and out of my peripheral vision...Um. Okay.So I walked over to pick up a lonely little bag easy for anyone to grab. She also didn't know how to operate the cashier and her manager was watching with impatience. Maybe she's new, and things will be smoother in the future. I just wasn't thrilled that she kind of threw the muffie in a bag without telling me it was ready, when she said she'd bring it over. Finally if none of the above killed it for you, then the deal breaker should be the wifi. It sucks. Don't even plan to use it here. It disconnects every 5 minutes.
2	Always have been a fan of Panera Bread for their soup's/salad's, sandwiches and free wifi but I have to say the last couple times I've been disappointed. I ordered their special You Pick Two / half sandwich and bowl of chicken noodle soup with an apple. This time the bread was dry, not sure if they forgot the condiments or if it didn't call for it - and the soup was cold. It was so odd to me as I've always had great food from Panera. I sent the food back and after at least another ten minutes I got a fresh order, and it was hot soup and a sandwich with mayo as I had to request....They were friendly and apologetic, not sure what happened but they fixed it.
