5	Chinese Food in the Hood ! Its as good as it gets.  There prices are fantastic and the food is yum.  Its right next door to a barber shop so you can go get a fade and then grub on some bomb food.
3	The prices and portions are good.
2	Curry chicken was tasteless
2	I had driven by this location and it really grabbed my attention because it is in such a small space. I love finding little jewels like this so in I went. When I first walked in, I'm not going to lie I felt as though I should turn back around. The place was empty and not really inviting. The decor and booths are dated, there was an old tv with bunny ears at one of the tables and the most important thing I noticed that would've driven most people away was.....No letter grade! Mind you, me being a culinary student this should've automatically told me to leave, but like I mentioned I'm a sucker for these little establishments. Hey, if the foods good its alright with me!I began to browse through their menu and saw they have a lot of my favorite staples that I've come to love from Chinese food establishments over the years. I decided to order Beef Lo Mein, Shrimp Fried Rice and some egg rolls. The server seemed a bit impatient as I placed my order bit I didn't understand why. The phone wasn't ringing and he didn't have anyone else to help. I was told the wait time would be about 15 minutes. I thought it was reasonable if it was to be cooked fresh. When I received my food, I promptly went home to really dissect and enjoy my meal.The Lo Mein was first. Huge portion, hot, fresh, delicious! This was a beautifully made dish. The ratios of noodle, meat and veg were just right. It was not overly greasy which I've come to expect. Then I tried the egg rolls. I chuckled as I took one from the bag it came in because it said "Fresh Popcorn". I get it, they're probably attempting to save money but from a professional standpoint this is unacceptable. Egg rolls were perfectly seasoned and not greasy to the touch. It also came with a sweet and sour sauce that was a bit too sweet for my palate. Finally what I was really waiting for, shrimp fried rice. The overall look was a bit off to me. When I usually order this I'm promptly greater by shrimp on top of my rice where these were all hidden under. A bit off I thought. When I began to eat it, evrithing made sense. The shrimp were old. And I mean a few days old. I could smell the faint ammonia smell coming from it. This did not sit well with me. Typically I would've gone back to complain but since I did like my other two items I figured I would chalk this one up as an experience. I would still visit this establishment to order food but I'm staying away from the seafood.
3	Second time I've been to this establishment and I must say that they are consistent. Like I had mentioned previously, my first experience here was not the greatest but it left enough of an impression for me to consider coming back. I decided to order the Beef Lo Mein and egg rolls once more and bring it home with me to further critique the dish. The first thing I noticed was the heat coming from the box indicating to me that it was recently out of the pan. When I got home, I opened the box and the brightness and freshness of the ingredients immediately stood out. The meat was tender, the vegetables were fresh and al dente and the noddles were perfectly cooked. The flavors were amazing. When I went in for the egg rolls they were light and crispy, not overly oily like most restaurants tend to have them. Delicious!I must say, I plan on visiting this place again. I'm thinking of tasting a few more of their dishes and really seeing what it is that makes this place special. Who knows, I may have found one of my new favorite Chinese food locations!
5	It was my first time trying this place, and for the price I have zero complaints! My roommates and I placed a delivery order for lunch. We each ordered a lunch special since they ranged from $5-6 which included your selected entree with egg drop soup, egg roll, and steam/fried rice. We chose the General Tso's Chicken, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Beef w/broccoli, and an Orange Chicken. We also added a 3 Thai Tea Boba's and our total came to $41, not bad! I can't speak for my roommates food, but considering they ate it all, I'd say they seemed to like it just fine.As for me, I had the Moo Goo Gai Pan, and it was cooked just the way I liked it! I prefer my vegetables to be on the crunchy side and that's exactly how they were prepared. The sauce was light but still flavorful and the  chicken was tender. The egg rolls were also pretty great. Not greasy at all and packed with crunchy veggies! Soup and fried rice were good, nothing to rave about, but met my expectations and were satisfying. The Thai Tea was also to my liking. Not overly sweet, and the boba was just right (not too hard or soggy). We ordered delivery and they said it would be 45-50 mins. They arrived right on time and the food was nice and hot. Lastly, I'd like to point out that their portions were pretty generous considering it was a lunch special! Two huge helpings of rice with a good size entree. Cheap, tasty and filling, everything I look for in a local Chinese restaurant! Definitely a good option for the Eastsiders that don't feel like making the trip to Chinatown. I'll be calling them again for my next Chinese food craving :)
4	Good prices, good food, and good portions. I give then two thumbs up. We will be back for sure.
2	I've ordered from China roll quite a few times, the foods quality changes depending on the date, the delivery times are very slow, they forgot the cashew chicken on my most recent order (that took over an hour to arrive) called the store they said they would make some fresh and send it out... it never arrived they are now closed for the night..Honest opinion stay away and find something else
4	I'm so happy with this place. I've ordered delivery from them a few times with the eat24 app. The restaurant is super awesome because on the app, depending on what, or how much you order, the restaurant gives you a choice of free items. I spent $30 and I could pick from four or five different things. I LOVE CHOICES! The food came pretty quickly and it was all soooooo hot! That NEVER happens with delivery. Another thing that was awesome, was the pork in my lo mein was moist n juicy! Portions are huge and prices are great. Their cream cheese wontons are more addictive than crack and half the price!Good on you, china roll!
5	My boyfriend and I have ordered delivery from China Roll 3 times. This places has exceeded my expectations every time. I am very particular about my Chinese food and haven't had much luck finding a really good spot that I would come back to. I am SOOOOO happy i found this place and better yet....they deliver in my area! I highly recommend this place.
2	This place was good the firsr time but I just had it again and it was awful. The rice tasted like it was reheated from the day before in a dirty skillet. The noodles were burnt and my sweet and sour shrimp tasted like it was fried about 3 times. I opened up one of the shrimp and it looked like shrimp jerky. It was horrible.  I won't be back
3	Food is average for a strip mall Chinese Restaurant. My wife had Mongolian Beef and I had Beef Pepper Steak. Both were tasty but .not exceptional. We also had a large Hot and Sour Soup to split, it was gratuitously hot, hot for the sake of being hot. Flavor was ok, but too hot to enjoy. And the sin of sins, no hot tea, really?
5	We have ordered delivery from here twice. Both times the food was delivered in about 30 minutes. Also food was hot and fresh. Orange chicken is delescious. Best thing we probably had was the new York style chow mein. It was awesome, fresh crunchy vegtables. Added bonus if you use the eat 24 ap and order through it you get a free appatizer to choose from. Egg rolls are good, nice and crunchy and not oily. Overall a good bang for your.buck here
5	Wow! So good. I ordered because I love thai tea and when I saw it on the menu I had to have it. The tea was soo good. I wish I got 2, or a lifetime supply. And the food as well! Got free egg rolls, I'm usually not a fan of them but these were actually pretty good. The cream cheese wontons are the best I've had anywhere so far. And the orange chicken was good also! Delivery was fast also I will definitely order again.
5	Sorry took to long posting this. Got beef n broccoli with extra sauce, loved it . The only thing I ask is more rice I find that little thing of white rice just isn't enough. What I love is you give enough for me to eat it in 3 meals. Also you guys are really nice. Thank you for your service.
3	Pretty tasty. Ordered the Wor Wonton soup, rangoons, egg rolls, bbq pork, and Japanese lasagna. All were as I expected and temperature appropriate. I didn't love the soup as it was just broth and wonton with a few veggies and no meat. But everything was good. Will order from here again.
