5	This company provides a fantastic day for out of town guests that involves a horseback ride through beautiful Black Creek canyon, nature and historic commentary and a visit to an "old west" town. We learned to throw axes, shoot a 6-shooter and lasso a calf (well... a metal stand with horns).  BBQ lunch, pop, beer and water is all included in an old West saloon- as is a display of frozen rattlesnakes they've caught.  They also have an amazing magician that does card and coin tricks- he's not there all the time but really worth it if he is.   We visited for the 3rd time last week and it did not disappoint. Joe and Rusty were our guides and we couldn't have asked for better. Of our 6 guests, 5 hadn't ridden a horse in 20 years and 1 was a professional rider.  Joe and Rusty were so patient and carefully matched riders to horses, spending the time to make sure stirrups were the correct length and everyone felt comfortable with their horses.  Even the most timid of our group ended up having a great time. Learning how to twirl a lasso is no easy thing, and Joe spent a lot of time with a member of our group until she got it- he was a great teacher. This is a first class operation and we will be bringing all future out of town guests here for a real Phoenix experience.
5	Howdy partners! Looking for a real Western experience? Book a tour through Western Destinations! I discovered this company through TripAdvisor (it's ranked the #1 attraction in Phoenix, Arizona) and was not disappointed.We started our day with a horseback ride through the desert. Our guides were very entertaining, the horses were well trained and the scenery was beautiful. Don't worry if you've never ridden a horse, they will take care of you here. We were then treated to an outdoor cookout complete with cheeseburgers, corn, chili and unlimited beverages (including beer). After our horseback ride, our guides took us through an old Western town. Along the way we learned how to throw a tomahawk, use a lasso and shoot a gun. Book a tour through Western Destinations and be prepared for a wild ride. Yee-haw!
5	A friend of mine and I headed down to Arizona for some shopping but wanted to experience the outdoors as well. We are both so glad to have chosen Western Destinations. Kevin, our cowboy, was so funny, charming and encouraging! I've never really ridden a horse before, but with the instruction they give you, you feel like a pro. They choose the right horse for your personality and Junior loved his snacks, just like I do! The trail they took us on was peaceful and perfect for beginners. Kevin was so knowledgeable and knew all kinds of random trivia. When we got to the little western village, we got to rope a (fake) steer, shoot a (real) gun, throw a tomahawk and try our hand at archery! I wish we could have stayed there all day, enjoying the sunshine and the company. I plan on coming back to Arizona and bringing anyone I go with on this adventure. Worth every penny!
5	Fun! The owners of this business have put a huge amount of effort into making this a true "Cowboy" experience. The animals (and employees) are wonderful and well cared for. The activities are fun and the "town" is awesome. The setting is inspirational and away from it all. Joe was an excellent guide. I highly recommend adding this to your vacation plans!
5	This place is a dream come true if you want an awesome western experience. I saw it on tripadvisor, rated #1, and it sounded like the kind of stuff my husband would love , so I decided to go there with him and my little sister. It was even better/ more fun than I thought it would be. Our guide was encouraging and helpful and funny. We were all newbies striding horses too, but they gave us great horses that knew where to go  and what to so we had a great time. My husband was in 7th heaven, being a real cowboy for a day  it's more than just riding horses too, you get to do a variety of fun western activities in their little old western town. Just watch out for cactus at calf level when you're riding and have a ball!
5	This place is just so, so neat! We took the 3 hour excursion (~1.5 hour ride + 1.5 hours playing in the western town) and it was just perfect. Our guide (Rich) met us on time, and was very enjoyable the entire ride. We are from Phoenix, but we still learned about the desert and really enjoyed seeing what's in our own "back yard". The western town was awesome, we played a horseshoe game, shot a .22, did some archery and hatchet throwing among other things. We also did the lunch option and everything was absolutely delicious- they really pulled out all the stops! Most importantly- the horses were all so well taken care of. They were beautifully groomed and well trained.Definitely check this place out if you're looking for more than just a trail ride in the Phoenix area.
5	We had a great experience recently with Craig as our guide.  Great price for a unique small guided ride and cowboy experience complete with .22 shooting, bow and arrow, axe throwing, and a cool one at the saloon!$75 for a 2 hour experience, optional lunch.  Highly recommended.
5	This was the perfect way to enjoy the "wild west" as we were able to live like the cowboys for a day. The authentic western town and the wranglers added greatly to the experience as we were able to try pistol shooting, archery, skeet shooting and hatchet throwing along with horseback riding in a gorgeous desert setting. The cowboy "grub" was spectacular and plentiful as we watched an Indian tribal dance as we ate. I would do this event over and over again! Great job to the staff we will definitely be back with our friends.Cindy I.
5	This was definitely one of the funnest things I've ever done. Cowgirl for a day? Yes please! Rusty met us at the meeting location, I knew from the start I would like him.We got to the property and it's gorgeous. They have over 100 horses and they are ALL well behaved, well maintained and loved. Rusty took us on a private desert tour of the property and in between told us everything I ever wanted to know about the desert, cactus and snakes. Extremely knowledgable about everything desert. He also offered to take pictures of us for us. The town was awesome. We got to play some games, rope, ax throw, shoot a bow and arrow, and my favorite, shoot a real .22. It's a great little property with lots of little Nooks and crannies to explore. It's about a 50 minute drive from central Phoenix but so worth it. You won't be disappointed. Ask for Rusty, he's awesome!! Can't say enough about him.
5	What a great time! And the highlight of our trip to PHX!!  Everyone was so helpful and polite.  Our guide, Ashley was wonderful!  She answered every question we asked and had facts about the ranch, horses and desert that she told us about during our ride.  As experienced riders, our horses were very well behaved and matched to us well.  The Town experience was unique......we visited the Salon first :) Threw the axes, shot a .22, shot bow/arrow, and did some roping.  Highly recommend and when we come back this will be a must!
5	This is a must!!!! Loved this place we will be back again for sure! Family came to visit and we played Cowboys and Girls for the day. We had lunch in the Old Town area and they had tons of activities for the kids. Everyone was SUPER nice and this is a must destination if you want to experience some wild Wild West adventures.
5	My girlfriend and I hit up Western Destinations earlier this month. It was one of the highlights of our trip!We were on our way to Sedona and then up to the Grand Canyon, so we stopped in on the morning after checking out of our Phoenix hotel. First off, don't try to squeeze this many stops and activities into one day..we did our best, and rushed through most of it. We did sleep at the Grand Canyon, and even saw an Elk sauntering around in the middle of Tusayan before it turned completely black.Anyhoo, we didn't rush our stay at Canyon Creek Ranch. We planned for 2 1/2 hours and stayed 4; we thoroughly enjoyed our time with Joe, Opal, and even Opal's grand daughter. All of the activities were fun, especially the complimentary beer. We loved it!I've told all of my friends about it, and if you're on the fence, which I always thought is a strange place to be, make sure you fall off on the Western Destinations-side. It'll be the highlight of your trip. Until you hike the Grand Canyon early morning when it's still dark, and get to watch the sunrise like we did, then that'll be the highlight of your trip. Until you hike back up.My recommendation? Check out the Grand Canyon up on the rim, then book it to Western Destinations. Looking for "Ooh Aah" pics? They sell Grand Canyon views on postcard for grandma. What you can't get on a postcard are memories with your significant other, group, or you and a cowboy doing tomahawk throwing, shooting, lassoing, archery, or quickdraw (this was our favorite, who doesn't at one time or another want to legally shoot at your significant other?) unless you go to Western Destinations.We're coming back one day... and we're bringing our posse.
5	Wanted to do something fun and unique with my 10 year old son.  This was perfect!  Horse back ride was nice enough.  However, what my son loved was all the cowboy activities.  He got to shoot guns, throw a real ax, shoot bow and arrows, and lasso a wooden bull.  He absolutely loved it.  There is nowhere else like it.  We discovered that he is a much better cowboy than I am a cowgirl.
5	Wow! Terrific fun for whole family. Horses were responsive; cowboy /wrangler was great at getting us all in the wrangling mood with ax throwing, shooting bows and arrows, and did I mention 22's?  Pulled a few rattle snakes out of a freezer for show and tell. Couldn't have been more fun!
5	Best.time.ever! We did the Black Canyon horseback riding experience that included a BBQ. Our guide, Aaron, was a REAL cowboy! Loved it! Spent over 20 years handling horses from CO to AZ and back. He had on his cowboy hat, boots with spurs, plaid shirt with Marlboro reds in his pocket, and Wrangler jeans. My son was so happy at the authentic experience. He got to shoot a real pistol, lasso, throw a tomahawk, etc. Did you know they have a Cowboy camp? Yep. Awesome.They offer the same experience in Sedona, so we can't wait to try that one.
5	A wonderful experience.My partner and I reserved an early morning ride and it was just two of us and our cowboy.Meeting up with them seemed a little suspicious at first. I suppose it isn't so much suspicious as I'm often wary of out-of-the-way friendliness (I come from a big city - friendliness is normally suspicious behavior for me). We had to park in front of a restaurant, waiting underneath a streetlamp until our guide would arrive. Our guide comes in on a slightly worn truck, asks us if we're there for the horseback ride, asks us for our names, and asks us to follow his truck onto the ranch. Of course he'd need to do this as the ranch is a little out of the way, and its road is private - so without him we probably wouldn't get in. But still, as a city boy, that sort of escort seems extremely suspicious.Thankfully, we weren't led into the woods to be shot in the back of the head: We were led into a lovely ranch with several beautiful horses... and a beer donkey (a donkey that carries beer, in case that didn't make sense).The feel of the place and their service was wonderful... When they tell you to take your time, they really mean take your time. Before we went to pay for the horseback riding experience, we wandered around a bit in their ranch, and not once did we feel pressured or rushed to start what we reserved.Finally, we paid, signed, and got introduced to our horses.My horse's name was Jalopy, and my partner's horse's name was Blue Eye(s).Anyone who's gotten to know horses will tell you that each have their own very distinct personalities... and you certainly won't miss that when getting to know their horses. Just how each one rides is so vastly different from one another. Jalopy, one of their youngest riding horses on the ranch, was extremely impatient and always ready to run forward whenever she was given the chance. Blue Eye(s) was a bit on the older side and didn't have too much enthusiasm for going out for a ride early in the morning. Despite these distinct attitudes, they were extremely tame and well-mannered for their riders. Even if at any point they found us annoying (for stopping them from eating extra food on the side of the trail), they never did anything more than whine or complain - they continued on as they were tasked to do. Which was very kind of them.During the slow, picturesque ride - with the stunning scenery and lovely weather (far better than Phoenix... which I had been staying in for most of my time in AZ) - our cowboy would tell us about the desert and its plantlife and critters, how life was on their ranch, and just general facts that would pique our interest.I felt a bit awful that my partner and I weren't much into talking - we're more of a quiet-type... but even still, our cowboy remained friendly and respectful to us. I could tell that if we were extremely curious and talkative, he would have an answer for everything. He's a wonderful guide.So if you're the type to ask about the horses, about the scenery, about anything at all - feel free to ask. He'll make it enjoyable for you.The destination of the ride, their little western town, was filled with activities. For us, we did the axe throw, the single-action shooting, and the archery activities. All were lovely and our cowboy was helpful in giving us tips to better our aims - while remaining respectful and unintrusive. We could continue these activities for as long as we wanted -- again, there was no rush.We took a bit of our time exploring the town, searching every nook and cranny... and we had some sodas and waters at their saloon.This place is about an hour away from where you first start riding, so if you're thirsty and can't handle being without water for the next hour: drink something before you go.The ride back is actually much faster. I'm not sure if it actually is or if the horses were just keen on getting back to the ranch. But even that didn't feel rushed.After we returned to the ranch, we were allowed to further explore it. Take our time, as always (this is a big deal for those who tend to live on calculations and seconds).And when we were done, we hugged our horses, tipped our cowboy, and went on our way...Overall, the entire experience was unforgettable. Amazingly unforgettable.If you haven't ridden a horse in years, if you have never ridden one before, or if you just feel the need to do it again soon: I HIGHLY recommend this place.Just call in ahead of time! And don't be afraid to ask for directions. The location of this place is actually quite different from what it says on this yelp address. So get in as much details as possible before going in.//Ah, and I must recommend the cafe you park your car in front of.Their biscuits and gravy is delicious!//
