3	So much to choose from.  The only place so far that we can find Yaki Soba.  However, they have not stocked it since, so the place was downgraded by a star.  They do seem to have every noodle possible, also seasonings, etc. that you won't find at a regular grocery.
4	YES! What an awesome place. Organized, clean, friendly staff, huge selection... thanks Yelpers! I owe ya'll a hifive.Went here looking for nori and sushi rice, left with a lot more than that. Almost bought a durian fruit, but chickened out at the last minute. Overseas combines their full-range selection of chinese, japanese, thai and vietnamese products with organized isles, fresh produce, and an awesome freezer full of all sorts of oddities; found what I thought was a frozen Halibut, flipped the package over, and it turned out to be 100% soy. Whoa.Their selection isn't quite as comprehensive as some of our other pan-asian grocery stores, but it's very clean and well organized, and thus stands out.
4	Seriously, what more could I ask for? I love Asian food, yet, I don't shop at Asian markets...until now. I am starting to cook more Asian dishes and I remembered my yelp friends suggesting this place. Thanks, friends!First of all, I was quickly overwhelmed by the amount of aisles of food, cooking items, and whole fish on ice. However, after I acclimated to the store I was able to find what I needed and my shopping basket became full quickly. If there was an item that I was unsure of or I couldn't locate, the woman behind the counter was very eager to help. By the way, if you are looking for chicken feet, pig heart, ox tail, or the like, you can find it here.  I will definitely be going back to this place because they have everything (at least what I need) and I spent half of what I would have at any other main grocery store. I encourage you to bring your own bags as well...they were really appreciative that I did.
4	I love Asian markets.  First of all the prices are so reasonable.  I go two or three times a year to stock up on certain items.  Coconut milk, soy sauce, Siracha, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, sweet chile sauce and large bags of rice.  If you are ever cooking with these items, it is much cheaper here than the international aisle in your neighborhood grocery.  It is also a great place to buy dishes, if you like cute little plates and bowls, chop sticks and crazy candy.  If you are buying for kids, there is a great selection of candies.
3	searching for a pre-made bahn mi for $3? maybe some fruit snack flavoured beef jerky? perhaps in need of a gallon container of pickled ginger? how about a new tea set? overseas market has your back. I might stop in for a new lamp or decorations before I go back for food (seriously, some ridic lamps and candles), but it is a nice sized store (surprisingly large) and well organized, by cuisine. Walking in, if you go to the right there is a nice snack aisle (wasabi peas, dried seaweed, pocky sticks, the filled koalas that aren't quite "yummies") followed by the Filipino section with super cheap dried mangoes and papayas and lots of "banana sauce" (that does not come with a plastic safety ring or a no-tampering pull lid on the inside, fyi) To the left are aisles of latin, indian, thai, vietnamese, and on and on. Fairly good selection, lots of dried and canned mushrooms, like an insane amount. And a lot of agar, tapioca powder, palm products, and gums. I have to say the produce was less than fresh. they did have a good selection of mung beans, bok choys, and cabbage (on their last leg) - but the bell peppers and jalapenos were no good and about half the selection of herbs were past their prime. They had two lobsters in the tank and an assortment of fish and shrimp. There is an area devoted to cups, bowls, and other dinnerwares, but I didn't explore it thoroughly, and a decent freezer selection. An odd retail selection other items were blocking me from looked interesting, maybe I'll get to check it out next time, There is also a reach-in cooler near the register with the previously mentioned bahn mi, cheesecakes, some pork roll (log?) that I have yet to wrap my head around, and lots of kimchi.I prefer International Market, but if I'm on this side of town Overseas will most likely have what I need.
1	Overseas Market was suprisingly bad.   While the store was clean and organized the selection and  quality was dismal.Almost all of the produce was past it's prime; the greens were wilted, the long beans slimy, and the limes were brown.  The lemongrass was fresh, and was the only thing I purchased.    Many of the dry-goods shelves were sparse, if not empty.  It seems as thought the store was grasping at straws by trying to cover every asian cuisine (and a few non-asian ones, there was even a small section of mexican foods.)  I love small, family run stores and try to frequent them as much as possible.   Unfortunatly, I will not be returning to Overseas Market.
4	WE (a few buddies) found out about this place from my friends pop's. We wanted a duck (a whole duck instead of the 2 breast sold in Harris Teeter for 9 bucks).. His pops told us to go here.NO Problem..  Every since then, this is the place I/we come for whole duck (i've gotten it so much i forgot the price..sorry) but not much.THIS place sells Jasmine Rice... (sticky rice)..... really really good. and inexpensive.You can go to the back and pick Lobster, fish (many kinds), Octopii (if thats the right word) etc..and they will CLEAN it. SCALE it, or BE-HEAD IT.. if need for no extra charge. All the seasoning and spices you can shake a stick at!!!Go try it out....Cheers
3	Ok, all the reviewers who complained about the sanitation and smell at this place is indeed true. I have been shopping here for at least 14 years now, I started going to overseas food market when they were in a different location down on s. boulevard until they upgraded to the current location which has a larger parking lot and interior. The place does smell, you can't get past it. Like most Asian grocers, it smells. Sanitation-wise, it needs major help. This is the only Asian market I've been to around the carolinas that consistently sell food with molds, mildew in it. This is especially problematic in their fresh noodle, dumplings and pre-made cakes. I was trying to buy some flat wide rice noodle yesterday and even though they were already in the freezer, 5/8 of the noodle packets had molds in them, disgusting. I really wanted some flat noodle so I tried really hard to pick the ones that seemed safer(No detectable mold judging from the outside of package). This is a Vietnamese store, so you will be able to find most Vietnamese staples here. They have like 8 different brands of vermicelli paper rolls(vietnamese spring roll wrapper). However I was also trying to find some shrimp chips yesterday, after having them at a friend's house I was eager to prepare some on my own. Well, sad to report they only have 1 kind and they are tiny in size, so it was not nearly the same. The box costed me close to $4, I don't remember shrimp chips being that expensive. The vegetables here are not that fresh, the fridge with the vegetables smells really strong and they greens have yellow leaves but they are still selling them...If this is not an Asian grocer, I would have straight up reported them to the health department.This is a family owned business, the price here is a good $1 higher on everything in larger Asian establishments in the area. I Recommend making the trip out to Super G Mart on Independence or Grand Asia Market. The major plus to this store is that it is the only Asian grocer that is relatively close to my house. However, ever since more Asian stores has opened up in Charlotte, I have came here less.
