5	Excellent new Indian Restaurant!  Great vegetarian food and delicious lamb. This restaurant is a welcome addition to Monona. They also have lunch buffets every day. We will definitely be back soon!
5	This place is great!  There are no Indian restaurants in the Monona area and I am so glad they put this one here, the lunch buffet was delicious and the staff are attentive and genuinely want you to be enjoying the food.  Delicious!
5	Swad is a wonderful treat!  My husband and I went there opening night and was amazed by the menu.  Not only is the dining experience affordable, but the food was fantastic!  I had the Rogan Josh and the homemade mango ice cream, YUM!  I promise you will not be dissapointed!
5	We were both quite pleased with this new restaurant in our neighborhood. I ordered the Fish Moly, a catfish cooked in a coconut based cream sauce. It was mild, and very tasty. My parter ordered the Chicken Tikka Uthappam, a flat gluten free pizza styled dish that came with both coconut and tomato chutnies and a delicious  Sambur, all for dipping. Excellent meals. The Nan was tender, the service and atmosphere great. We are happy to have a new favorite  restaurant.
5	We were both quite pleased with this new restaurant in our neighborhood. I ordered the Fish Moly, a catfish cooked in a coconut based cream sauce. It was mild, and very tasty. My parter ordered the Chicken Tikka Uthappam, a flat gluten free pizza styled dish that came with both coconut and tomato chutnies and a delicious  Sambar, all for dipping. Excellent meals. The Nan was tender, the service and atmosphere great. We are happy to have a new favorite  restaurant.
5	So excited that this neighborhood has a fantastic Indian restaurant!  The food is great and the staff are so welcoming, even to kids.  Swad means tasty and it is!  I highly recommend the lunch buffet!
4	Not normally a fan of buffets, but they kept the food fresh and hot. The coconut soup was delicious as was the Tandoori Chicken and homemade mango ice cream. Several fo the dishes were milder than expected, but perhaps that in itself is to be expected. Service was timely and attentive.
5	Simply the best Indian food I've had since living in Madison.  As good as Milwaukee Indian restaurants easily.  We had the buffet on a Saturday, the place was packed but we got a table right away.  The staff is super friendly and really, really attentive.  Had a little of everything - Chicken Tikka Masala was dynamite, as was the Shahi Paneer, Chana Masala and the Ghobi Manchurian.  Let's just put it this way, the only thing I could recommend as an improvement over what I had was hotter onion chutney.  It's really good, just not as hot as I'm used to.  Here's what else I tried, all amazing: mint chutney, fresh hot naan brought to your table (included), and they'll bring you more, veggie biryani, goat curry, chai tea and kheer for dessert.  Plus the bonus, the place is really surprisingly lovely and charming given the strip mall it's located in, YAY for Monona!
5	Wonderful! The tastes are very fresh and flavorful. I especially loved my appetizer, Aloo Tikki Chat and the curry chicken. Can't wait to go back and eat more!
5	Amazing dinner, reasonable prices, and so many vegetarian options! I'm going back to try the lunch buffet soon.
5	Seriously the best Indian I've had. It's cheap ($10), a buffet, and the service is phenomenal. Went there today after noticing it and fell in love. It's right near by and I was legitimately upset I didn't have more room in my stomach. Absolutely going again very soon!
5	Had to check it out again a few weeks after my first experience.  Zowie, just as solid across the board.  This time my 12 year old came along, she loved it.  Again, don't expect spice in the buffet, it's tame.  But, order off the menu for dinner or take out and they can heat it up. What I'm really enjoying is the staff and the owner's attentiveness. They're not perfect, but when the waiter forgot my chai he was very apologetic, brought it right out, and didn't charge me.
4	Loved the dahl. More vegetarian entries would be nice. Everything quite tasty. Nice setting.
3	We went here for the lunch time buffet.  The buffet tables are set up in the back of the dining area in such a way that the line queues up pretty quickly yet moves very slowly.  Some of the dishes are harder to reach in the back left corner.  The food itself is ok, the one stand out dish was the Manchurian cauliflower.  The staff demeanor is about the same as any of the other Indian restaurants around Madison, not particularly friendly, but not downright rude either.I like the decor, dark red, black, and gold colors, and lots of wine bottles up behind the register.  The day we were there they were having technical difficulties with their debit machine and were asking everyone to pay by check or cash.  I think they have potential, they just have a few things to work out.
4	Yay for Indian food in Monona! Lunch buffet highlights - the catfish and the sesame chicken. Hubby and brother joined me and I think each made three trips through the line. A variety of dishes, table served naan bread and mango ice cream... Of course buffet is the way to go. The space is new and clean, service quick and attentive, buffet diverse and fresh. We will return.
5	THE. BEST. INDIAN. FOOD. EVER!PERIOD.Great food, wonderful family atmosphere. Good was hot and delicious. The extensive menu had all the standards of a great Indian restaurant, as well as a number of innovative items, and South Asian classics that I haven't had since I lived in India. The vegetarian dinner for two was enough food for three people, with a take out container to spare.We will be back innumerable times in the coming months. We plan in being regulars anytime we are in the Madison area. The family owners are incredibly sweet, and the service was impeccable. It felt as if you were being treated to dinner in someone's home rather than at a restaurant.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant in Madison! Delicious!
3	I went here recently with my husband and a friend because I had a hankering for Indian food. Atmosphere - Pretty nice. Nicer than many Indian restaurants I've been in. While unassuming on the outside, it is actually quite nice on the inside. Bonus - The warm towels they give you after your meal smell AMAZING.Wait staff - Courteous and friendly. I feel like it took them a little while to take our food order after we ordered drinks. Food - The food here is quite good. I docked a little for two reasons. 1. My husband ordered his food medium spicy but said it had little to no heat 2. My friend and husband both agreed it was pretty good but not the best Indian they've had in town. My chicken tikka dosa was excellent, so if you like dosas, I recommend it. Overall impression - I like this place and will likely be returning. It's nice to have an authentic Indian restaurant in Monona!
3	Went awhile ago, forgot to review!Drinks:  Mango Lassi & Salted Lassi.  Both yummy.Appetizer:  Non -Vegetarian Platter: Combination  of  fish, chicken and shrimp pakoras &  lamb seekh.  Yum!  And I don't generally like lamb!Entrees: Garlic Nan, and Cheese Nan, Chicken Curry, and Fish Curry.  The Nan's were killer.  The curries we ordered medium hot, and they came out mild, so we sent them back.  We got "medium +" back, and it was good spice level.  My Chicken Curry - the meat was kinda gross.  Big hunks.  Kinda freaked me out.  Ate the sauce with the Nan, and it was good.Not a cheap place, but good food.
5	The service was lavish and deferential.  The entrees were wonderful, but the buffet kinda blew my socks off. Everything was new to me, but fresh and delicious.
3	Lunch buffet is the way to go. Lots of options, and only $10 each. The lamb was the best thing on the buffet. The chutneys are all quite good.  The ice cream with exotic spices is excellent. The mango ice cream is yummy too.
4	I went for the first time for dinner with a couple of friends and it was a great experience.  The place is in a strip mall but when inside you wouldn't know it as it was well tastefully done.  The staff were very attentive but not overbearing and answered our questions.  I was actually surprised at the amount of staff there as I counted over 5 wait staff.Ok the food...I have been to both north and south India so I have a bit of a barometer.  We started with a couple of Samosas and the Onion Bjahi.  Both were good and the Samosa was really like I remember from India.  The Onion Bjahi was good and reminded me to haystack onion rings with a few extra spices.For entrees we go the Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Curry, and Lamb Masala.  The Tandoori was well spiced.  It came out steaming which is a good sign.  The Chicken Curry was very good but the mild spicy level is truly mild so if you want any heat take it up to medium at least.  The lamb in the Lamb Masala was incredibly tender and my friend cannot wait to have it again.The only complaint is that things did come out a slightly spread out but nothing that was very annoying.  We always had poppadom to munch on with really good Onion Chutney and Hari ChutneyI recommend going.
4	Lunch buffet was a nice sampling of Indian flavors.  Staff were friendly and kind.  Not a great name for a restaurant, but the food was tastier than other local Indian options we've tried.  Nan was freshly made, and hot off the grill.
4	My husband and I have visited Swad twice since moving near by--and it's very very good. We both love Indian food, and so far Swad has not disappointed. We began with an order of vegetable Samosas. They were very fresh, hot, and were very tasty. They had a good spice, but were not spicy. The first time we had them the tamarind sauce was good--it had a little body to it. More recently, it was a little watery.We also ordered chicken tikka masala, mixed vegetable curry, and plain naan. Their tikka masala is a stand-by for us, and theirs is very good--huge hunks of white meat chicken, creamy sauce. The first time we ordered it we asked for it the be between mild and medium. More recently, we asked for it to be prepared in the same way, but it was a good bit more spicy. We asked for the  mixed vegetable curry to be medium. Both dishes ended up having the same amount of heat--which was a bit too much for me. Next time, I'll ask for mild. At the same time, they are both good dishes. There are tons of vegetables in the curry. Just thank god for the water!This place is becoming  our to-go place when we want Indian.
5	THE. BEST. INDIAN. IN. TOWN. We know the owner from going to the Maharaja on the West side. I'm so happy he opened a restaurant near where we live now. It's so good. There are a ton of choices for everyone and the samosas are quite tasty. The staff are friendly and courteous. The lunch buffet price is outstanding and the items featured in the buffet are quite delicious.
3	I ate here last week with my adult son- we both love Indian cuisine. While it was perfectly fine, I do not agree that it's the best Indian food in town. The samosa chat was delicious, but both our meals and the naan were exceptionally greasy. As in leave a pool of grease in the bottom of the basket greasy. Service was less attentive than hoped, although water was refilled regularly. At this price point, I didn't expect to have to box up my own food- maybe that's why they give you the great-smelling towels??
5	This is the best Indian food I've ever had.  My husband and I crave their chicken tikka masala.  We never seem to pass up the fish pakora either.  Delicious food and friendly customer service make Swad a very welcome addition to Monona!
5	Probably the best Indian food I've ever had, with service to match. Highly vegan-friendly too, which makes my wife ecstatic. This restaurant may not look like much, situated as it is in the middle of a small strip mall, but the interior is very nicely decorated. I felt a little underdressed walking in mid road-trip wearing a t-shirt and shorts, but that was similar attire to the other patrons.My wife and I started our meal with complimentary papadam, which we were already prepared to order. They arrived promptly with several types of chutney, all vegan-friendly no less. Crisp, delicious and left us wanting more...but not because we hadn't had enough. They were just done perfectly. The rest of our meal consisted of steaming-hot Gobhi Manchurian, Bainghan Bhartha, rice, Chapati for my wife and Garlic Nan for me. It all arrived at once, just as quickly as the Papadam. The battered/fried cauliflower was chewy but crisp, perfectly spiced (we went for hot on both dishes) and paired nicely with my Garlic Nan (also excellent). It was the standout dish of the meal for me. The eggplant was excellent as well, with good roasted flavor. Throughout the meal all the staff was very attentive. Our waiter specifically asked if we were happy with the spice level of our meal. Our water glasses were rarely more than half empty. At the end of the meal one of the staff even brought over steaming-hot lemon water-sprayed towels to clean up with. By the end of the meal we were both nicely full, for a very reasonable price. Just an all around excellent experience. I only wish it had been closer to home.
3	I ate at Swad the other night and was a little underwhelmed.I tried their Chicken Tikka, and it was fine. I think it was around $13-14 for a pretty small portion. A friend ordered the Goat Curry, and for about the same price had even worse luck. His meal was chock full of goat bones and very little meat, making it a terrible value.I've had better Indian food in Madison, and at a much more affordable price point. I'm really confused why dinner at Swad costs so much. The portions aren't even that big!It's a nice, intimate space and the staff members were all very nice. But for my money, I'll stick with Maharaja or Taste of India.
5	I love this place.  Have picked up take out 3 times and always been extremely happy with everything I order.
5	Top notch service and food! Our server was an absolute delight! Will come here again when we're in the area!
4	A friend in and I stopped in here for dinner as a midway point during a bike ride around the lake. It was a fairly cold night for July, and raining. We looked for a place to lock up our bikes, but there was nothing available anywhere. Luckily, Swad had a table open directly at the front window, so we could watch our unlocked bikes leaned against the outside of it while we ate.The first adjective that comes to mind to describe Swad is unpretentious. It's located in a semi-rundown strip mall; nothing to write home about. The interior is painted in warm shades of mustard and deep red, and the tables and small bar are dark wood. My companion is South Indian, and he recognized and chatted with the owner, who is also associated with Maharaja restaurant on Odana Rd. He didn't comment much on the food, just ate a lot of it, which I am assuming meant it met with his approval. Papadam and three chutneys were brought to the table immediately. Tomato onion, ginger cilantro, and tamarind. All were fairly standard. We both ordered vegetarian meals, I had Aloo Chole and he had Chole Masala. I ordered mine with medium heat and it was exactly that, with large chunks of potato in a well seasoned tomato based broth with tender chickpeas. Filling and satisfying. We shared an order of Swad Special Naan Bread, which was delicious. Kind of like a soft fluffy quesadilla filled with deliciously spiced mashed potatoes and peas with cheese. My friend did note that it was very good but very salty, which is true, but for me it was perfect. The lighting was dim and it was quiet, both very nice. Only a couple of other tables of diners were present. Our server was young and conscientious/bordering on nervous, but very pleasant. It took a long time to get our check after the meal, considering how busy they weren't. Didn't really matter, as we were taking our time and talking a lot. One thing to note though is that it was fa-fa-fa-freezing cold inside. The other diners who left at the same time were mentioning it as well. It was only 63 degrees outside, and the restaurant felt colder.I wasn't blown away, but I would go again and try the buffet to get a better overall impression of their offerings. There is a full bar available, although we stuck with just water.And I would dress warmly. :-)
5	Excellent food and service. We had lunch buffet and was great.. Attentive service and food was amazing as well
5	The moment I walked in the door I knew it was gonna be good. The aromas are absolutely intoxicating. The food was excellent, pricing was good and the variety in the lunch buffet was outstanding. Lots of vegetarian options is a huge bonus. I cannot wait to go back!
4	Great food. We moved to Madison from bigger cities, and I couldn't find Indian food I liked until Swad opened. The food is delicious, the staff is attentive and kind, and the prices are reasonable. The only downside: We were there on a weekday night, and the lights were very bright and the interior felt a little sterile. So if you want a romantic evening, maybe get take-out, head home, and light some candles.
5	The most DELICIOUS Indian food I've had since moving to Madison, I've eaten all over the place and this was so surprising and wonderful, everything was great! I did not have such high expectations when seeing it in passing, the outside doesn't look like much, we got it to go but next we will try the buffet! So glad to have something so close to me.
5	By far, the best Indian food I've had the pleasure to eat!  Perfect, beautiful nan, delicious chutneys, carefully and lovingly spiced main dishes.  Excellent and attentive waitstaff.  The portions were large enough that we each had enough leftovers for lunch the next day.  Fantastic -- we'll be back!!
4	First off - so happy there's an Indian restaurant on Monona Drive now. Second, the owner is SUPER nice. He and the staff are so friendly every time we're in there. And he was telling us how they make it a point not to use food dyes like other places do in dishes like vindaloo, which tend to dyed red. Always a plus.The food is delicious - veg curry, fish vindaloo, saag paneer all really tasty. I love the saffron/red color scheme, too, which is a little different than most Indian places.
5	Fantastic little place. We did the lunch buffet. The price was right and the food was very satisfactory. They bring fresh naan out to the table, even with the buffet!
2	Summary:Not good food. Expensive for indian food in Madison. Likes:Nice service, many options in the menu. Dislikes:Gobi manchurian was too sweet and soggy. Paneer burji was very oily. Masala dosa was salt-less. Egg biriyani had too much salt. Expensive.
5	What more can I say about Swad. Hard to believe, but it's even better than Swagat. Now it has become my favorite Indian restaurant in Madison. I tried the lunch buffet last week. There are a variety of choices, among which goat curry, chicken biryani, fried fish were all very tasty. The dessert there was also at a reasonable level. Moreover, the price is quite cheap. I cannot wait to go there for a second time!
5	I had an intense craving for Indian food, so my husband and I went to Swad for dinner. He's a vegetarian and ordered the Egg Masala Dosa--it was huge, and came with two dipping sauces and a small bowl of soup! It was very good, kind of like Indian comfort food (potatoes, egg, crepe). I ordered the Chicken Mughlai--the medium spice was perfect for me. There were several chunks of chicken breasts, and the sauce itself was perfectly spiced. We also ordered the garlic naan because you can't go wrong with that, can you? The service was good, and the restaurant itself is nicely decorated even though it's in a Monona strip mall. Most dinner entrees are $12-16, which seems pretty on par with other Indian restaurants in the area. On previous occasions we've had the buffet, and I thought that it was excellent.
3	I came here on a Sunday for their lunch buffet, which is just $9.99. The staff is friendly, and the food tasty.  Highlights were their samosas with mango and mint chutney, their masala marinated and fried chicken pieces, and their breaded cauliflower.  I was also a fan of their chai tea and mango lassi.  It's a relatively small buffet; there isn't as much variety as there is at some of the other Indian buffets around town, but the main staples are there.  If it weren't so far from where I lived, I'd probably come by more often.
5	Fantastic! I've had both the buffet and done take-out meals and been satisfied! Thanks, Swad!
4	Ordered to-go dinner from here last week. The taste was great! Service was good. We ordered cut mirchi - which was okay, chicken Manchuria which my friend loved, kadai paneer which was yummm, veg biryani which was also good but I asked him to make it medium spicy and it peaked to super spicy for my spice levels (though being an Indian!) and chicken biryani which again my friend loved. A good place on the whole. It's a tad bit expensive but good for once in a while.4 stars for the food.3 for the priceAnd they gave us free gulab jamun (which tasted meh... But who cares it's free!)
