5	I don't normally write reviews about retail locations because I know a lot of the experience is tied to the staff which can change on a dime.  I had such an incredible experience at the Disney Store at San Tan Mall that I had to write about it.  I (along with half the world) got caught up in the Disney Doll Collection.  Since Chandler is the closes store to me that is where I went to get the first dolls in the collection.  Once the doll started to get popular I would get the mall two hours before opening and still not get one.  Chandler let each person by two dolls each so only 7-8 people would get.  I went down to San Tan where the manager saw the line and limited the dolls to one per person so everyone got one.  On the last release people camped out over night for a chance at the last 5 dolls.  Donna the store manager came out and made a point to talk with each person in line.  She made sure no one was holding spaces and everyone was planning on staying.  She had spoke with security to make sure the bathrooms were open all night and everyone was safe.   In the morning, she brought doughnuts for everyone and checked again to make sure everyone had stayed the night and no one tried to cut in line.  It was orderly and everyone who stayed got the dolls.A Big thank you to Donna and her team for a successful release.  I will be shopping at that store from now on.
5	I came in here looking for presents for my great grandchildren for Christmas. I was pleasantly surprised by how helpful they were. I didn't know what Phineas and Ferb was and they helped me find all the products that they had for these characters. They had a really good sale going as well and I was able to get some 2 for deals for the two boys. They had a great selection and all the shelves were stocked full of lots of options.
4	Big selection of toys, games, clothes, sports bottles, sippy cups, children's flatware, etc.  Mickey and Minnie, the princesses, and other characters you may see on the Disney Channel.  There's a nice clearance section and items do go on sale or are discounted when you buy more than one, so I didn't find the prices to be too bad.
4	Friendly staff and adorable merchandise.  I especially like the sales on swimsuits and flip flops!
4	Really great place to buy gifts for kids.  They have a nice selection of smaller items that can be used to fill space in a gift bag - I used them to fill a care package.  I prefer buying kiddie toys here as opposed to Toys R Us or Target.
