4	I'm not a smoker and would quite frankly look ridiculous smoking a cigar, it's not really the look I'm going for but if it was I would definitely head to Cigar Box on High Street. It's quite a pokey little shop but they have loads of cigar and cigar accessories.My dad used to always smoke cigars on special occasions and the smell always made me feel physically sick. I guess nestled in amongst various tat gift shops on the Royal Mile you could buy a couple of cigars as gifts but it would be rather odd buying someone a cuban cigar as a souvenir from Edinburgh.I chuckled when I looked in the window as they have various fashion magazines displayed with suave looking characters with a cheeky cigar pinned behind their ear or puffing away like a fashion conscious chimney. One of the magazines even had Sex and the City's Mr Big puffing away looking cool (and sleazy) as ever.Even though I'm not a smoker I do collect old tea tins and I have the odd cigar box too and I noticed a couple of quite nice ones in the window here, a bit more expensive than the usual ones I get from old flea markets though.
4	If Bill "it tastes good" Clinton ever visits this fair city, it's safe to say that this may be his first stop. They have cigars as far as the eye can see, and while I couldn't consider myself an expert on the hobby, going by the vastrange of variants and prices on offer, I'd say it provides a fairly comprehensive selection for those who like to have a toot on something nice.I've tried cigars a couple of times, and while they give me both a headace and nausea, actually quite like the smell of them. I used to like imagining myself on The Titanic, resplendent in my smoking jacket, brandy and cigar in hand, before sinking to the icy depths. Splendid.
4	I have a friend who is obsessed with Hunter S. Thompson. His obsession led to him typing only on a typewriter and deciding to take up cigar smoking, so I tagged along with his trip to the cigar box.I have no idea what cigars really are and why some are so frickin expensive. But this shop seems to stock every type and price of cigar along with our smoking aids. To a cigar lover, this shop is probably like porn and will satisfy all your needs. There was cheap right up to expensive so I imagine the expensive are the really good ones.If you have an interest in cigars, then a shop called Cigar Box is clearly your first stop.
4	If you are in any way interested in smoking or cigars, the Cigar Box is the place for you. It is a little gem of a shop for cigar enthusiasts as they stock a vast range of cigars. The Cigar Box sells the finest Havana cigars, which are always super popular and people are prepared to spend huge amounts of money on them. They sell cigars from all round the world and they vary in price from the cheap to the super expensive. The Cigar Box also buy cigars from people, as my friend had a box of Havana cigars he bought in Cuba and was looking to sell them at a good price, and the Cigar Box bought them from him for an excellent price. The staff in here are really knowledgeable about their stock and are able to tell you everything you could ever want to know about cigars! The Cigar Box also sell s lovely range of pipes, tobacco, cigar skins and rum - all you could ever want! I really great shop for everyone who wants a selection of cigars or pipes to buy.
4	A good selection...Right in the centre of town...A wee little shop.
