5	Alanna was the best! I had never had a spray tan before, so she went through the entire process with me before we started, making sure to explain all of the after-care techniques to me in detail. The new location is so close to me, I'll definitely be going back soon!
5	Sooo Excited SunGun is finally open in Tempe Market Place!!! Their girls do an amazing job and my tan always turns out flawless! I have very fair skin being a redhead so it's very easy for my hands and feet to be discolored if not blended correctly. My airbrushing artist did an amazing job blended my tan especially hands and feet she was very detailed and made sure my tan came out perfect and looked natural. There prices are great and reasonable, so good I actually signed up for a membership!!  All in all the staff are very professional, informative and welcoming, and the place is extremely clean and has an industrial modern vibe. I can't wait to go back again! I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends!!!
1	This place is a rip off and does a poor job. I got suckered into buying the "Unlimited" package which is $60 a month (not worth it).  I used plenty of spray tan salons in California and was much cheaper and the tan was a lot better. Moving to Arizona I saw the reviews and figured this place must be amazing. WRONG. The tan is streaky, makes you look dirty, and comes off on all of my clothes. I know how to properly take care of a spray tan and this one is just disgusting. Then, I told them I want to cancel my membership because I was moving back to California and they would not make any exceptions and charged me for the upcoming month (which I'm not going to use) and a $75 cancellation fee. I don't recommend going here and they are unhelpful, don't feel welcoming at all, and overall poor at their services.
5	So happy that SunGun is now open in Tempe! I've had nothing but good experiences every time. I don't turn orange or get any streaks after being sprayed here..I literally look like I just came from a beach vacation. Yay so happy to have a closer location.
5	A spray tan has become a weekly staple in my routine because of Alanna and the unlimited monthly package at SunGun. She pays particular attention to areas which tend to cause evenness issues, to ensure a very natural looking looking result. The entire staff is always friendly/professional, the office and rooms all very clean, and the hours/appointment flexibility very accommodating.
5	I love this place! Ask for Alanna, she does an amazing job - flawless - and it lasts forever! Super affordable for the quality and unlimited. I get compliments all the time.. I swear by this place, but be careful it's very addicting :) :)
5	Oh my god I went in like two weeks ago and I have been meaning to write a review.  Alanna gave me the best spray tan of my entire life.  That's not easy considering I've had like a hundred of them..  Ask for Alanna she is amazing and you will NOT be disappointed!!
