4	Great to have a new gas station next to my folks place.  Price is just right!
4	best gas station ever. got gas for 2.99 on 12\19\12. ill be coming back on the way to school at liberty.
3	So this gas station just opened up near my house several weeks ago.  They had a great grand opening where the gas was $2.91 per gal, they were giving away free food, snacks, drinks, and a hot air balloon ride!   The staff were very friendly and excited to be open.  When they broke ground I could hardly wait and let me tell ya when dinner was covered, at a gas station, of all places I was a happy camper.  They also offer a Maverick card where you earn points for every dollar spent at the gas station and if you uses the card at the pump you get a couple cents off of the gas price.  You better believe this is where I'll be gasing up and fulfilling my munchies as they have a variety of cookies  (2 for $2.22) that are soft and tasty as well as a variety of pretzel type dogs that are pretty tasty as well!
4	best gas station in the area!
1	Watch their prices closely cause they throw curve balls. For almost eveyday for the past couple months I've been coming here to buy one (13.7 oz) bottle of Cold Starbucks Coffee Frappaccino for $2.99 which is still couple cents hiigher than  7-11 and Rhino Mart which is close by.  Today (less than 24 hours from buying a bottle for $2.99), they raised it to $3.49 !! 50 cent increase in less than 24 hours?  Are you kidding me ? Watch yourselves, they are sneaky.
5	Good prices and super close to my house! Lots of gas pumps so I've never had to wait.
3	This place no longer has cheap prices. They sometimes are higher then 7eleven down the street at silverado ranch.
4	Cashiers here are always really nice and helpful. The store is clean and stocked with so many choices of everything. I would have given 5 stars but everything is soo expensive I end up spending twenty bucks every time I walk in there and I don't walk out with very much. I still go back because I love the variety, the milkshakes, hot food items, and the slushies.
3	Has a lot of variety but when it gets busy the line is so slow even if their are three people behind the counter they only have two registers open. They fresh hot food for breakfast and lunch. A bit expensive.
