3	I don't hate Macy's.  I understand that things change and I still shop here.  But read my review  http://www.yelp.com/biz/kaufmanns-pittsburgh-2#hrid:Pqa1rGz_gXDCbPVwvxykjw of Kaufmann's.  I really miss Kaufmann's.
3	This Macys is 11 stories high with many different products to select from.  However, I believe they are under staffed.  Also, the staff that is present lack the knowledge to assist you with what you are looking for.  For example, I have had a very bad experience purchasing a mattress from here and have had to go back 3 times to try to get a replacement because the mattress in their showroom floor was different than the one that was delivered to my house.  Lastly, I hate that this store doesnt have free parking.  They will validate your parking ticket if you go in after 5pm and spend $50.
4	I always enjoy this Macy's.  It's huge!  I still wonder how they stay in business.  But, of course, I only go there on the weekends.  I know it go back to the days when Kaufman's was a destination in itself.  I wen to the lady's bathroom and it was HUGE!  But I always enjoy going when I'm downtown.
4	Nice large store with a large amount of choices.  If you are from out of town they will give you an extra 10% off.  If you are from out of the country you will get an extra 15% off.  Every time I have gone they were willing to give me the 10% on top of the current coupon (now 25% off sale prices).  Other people told me they won't always do that.
4	Okay, so Kaufmann's has been taken over by Macy's.  I accept it--maybe even welcome some change.  I came here with my mom and we did a little shopping.  Got me a pair of Calvin Klein Ricki flats and also some Charter Club suit seperates (both for work), as well as a couple of Tommy Hilfiger polos.  Yeah, I normally buy vintage wear, but sometimes I've got to deviate from the norm.  Well my norm anyway.  I'm glad they're still on Smithfield Street and here's hoping the store won't close.
4	This place is absolutely huge.  It is by far the biggest Macy's I have ever been in, and they have an arcade area for kids.  Not to mention, there is a huge candy and sweets section!! YUMMM
3	Standard Macy's and nothing special about it beyond the sheer size. Nothing to write home about.
3	I've  never really had a pleasant shopping experience here. Niether have I had a terrible experience either. It's Meh. The ladies at the make up counter ignore the hell out of me.  Also I purchased a rather pricey piece of jewelry here as a Christmas gift for a loved one and immediately it started to tarnish.  I'll shop here on Black Friday but never really any other time of the year.
4	It's hard to say for this store...I remember what it used to be and what it is now...I am still giving the store a 4 out of 5 because it is much better than most mall Macy's.  It has a very nice sized men's department and special touches that you don't find in the malls like restaurants (Tic Tok is a nice lunch spot) and a bakery (always make sure to get a thumb print cookie at the arcade bakery!
3	I never shopped here when it was Kaufmann's, so I can't play the old "it was awesome then and it stinks now" card, but as a former employee of Dayton Hudson Corp (who owned Marshall Field's) I do get a little misty when I walk into the State Street Field's store in Chicago which is now a Macy's so I kind of get what some people are getting at.With a singular purpose, I came to this store to buy socks.  Because the store sits on a hill, there are all these different levels....various floors and mezzanines abound and it gives the store a weird kind of flow.I found the socks I needed (Under Armour sport socks, low cut, in black and in white) and the guy who checked me out was helpful.  The store was clean and organized.I can't complain about this store at all.  I mean, I could, but it wouldn't be genuine and if you know anything about me, it's that I keep things real.
2	Downtown retail in Pittsburgh is grim. Macy's seems to be it in terms of shopping. Washrooms are hard to find, the layout is a mite confusing, and product selection is just dull.
1	Are some of the staff at the Downtown Macy's prejudice, racist, sexist, ageist or classist or do they just not give a crap about good customer service? Being a Black, female who appears as someone in their early 20s and is normally wearing converse shoes and a ratty Jansport backpack it can be a challenge to discern on which level you are being discriminated against. I am in no way exaggerating my treatment here at this Macy.  I have literally walked up to an employee who looks at me and then walks away from the service counter.  I have waited patiently at a service counter for over ten minutes while people who are approached after me get service . You may ask, hey why not just speak up and say, " I was waiting here can you please help me?" No matter how politely you ask that question the color of my skin will surely convey it as a hostile statement. I WILL NO LONGER BE SPENDING ANOTHER DAMN DOLLAR OF MY HARD EARNED MONEY HERE.  My boyfriend always gets me a Macy's gift card for special occasions but I have put an end to that this year. Macy employees have also disrespected my mother and my sister. They asked a clerk about a particular garment they were interested in to which he replied, "Oh that's too pricey."The racism that persist in retail stores is so annoying, Macy's you've made my shitlist. p.s The Arcade Bakery also burned my tuna melt lol.
3	The most magical thing about this place is it has a LUSH inside it and it was the only place I got any customer service. Not that I minded much since I was planning to only browse except that I actually found some things I wanted to buy and could not find a cashier anywhere. I swore I saw some employees when I was walking around but the moment I had my items ready to purchase I could of been in a ghost town. The fitting room was very clean and there was a decent selection of clothes but since I couldn't find anyone to help me, I decided to put my items away and leave.
4	Awesome old school vibe here in a multistory department store. The Arcade Bakery has great baked goods, and my kids love the book store upstairs. They do many promotions and special events, especially for the Christmas season. I love the old school architecture in the building, too. Definitely worth a visit if you've never stopped in.
4	This review is for the Men's shoe department. Good experience and selection. The associate was very helpful and he even gave us a good dinner recommendation. Got in. Got out. Uneventful, just the way men''s shoe shopping should be.
3	I do agree that it seems as if the Macy's at the malls offers a better, up to date selection. I still can find some interesting things here though.Growing up, I lived about 45 minutes away from the city. Every black friday, my aunt would pick me up and we'd go to Macys for some black friday shopping. We'd park over at station square, walk the bridge, check out some downtown decorations and head into Macys (excuse me... it was Kauffman's back then) Great memories, especially from a kid who felt stuck in the suburbs her entire childhood.Most things are pretty easy to find. The most annoying thing to find however is the young men's clothing. I can't even explain how you get to it once inside the Macys. Luckily, it has an entrance from the outside on Fifth Avenue.. a little down from the bakery.
2	Much as though I like Macy's I am afraid they are not what they were in the past. Shopping at one of the malls makes me feel like I am just shopping for items by myself and not given much help. Still, they do offer coupon specials such as friends and family where you can get 25% off most everything at certain times of the year.They have a nice selection of merchandise. Unfortunately it is difficult to find something in my size.This year I went to the downtown store to see the holiday window and to my disappointment all but one were the same windows they used last year. It is the only department store in my city but at least they could be creative to come up with a new theme like they do in other cities.Still I will shop it now and again. I hate to order online because they normally won't offer you free shipping unless you make a $99.00 purchase. Sometimes that works for me and I can find something worthwhile. Other times it doesn't.It all depends what you are looking for. They just don't seem to be what they were in the past.
