4	WOW! This place is cool. Furniture Affair is a model home furniture resale shop. They've got everything from furniture and art to lamps and accessories -- and all at really reasonable prices. The get new shipments in regularly and I was told their stuff sells fairly quickly.One catch -- no returns or refunds.
4	I must admit, I first decided to check out Furniture Affair because I used to drive by their billborad on my way to work every day, and I thought their ad was cute and catchy - a girl in a leopard-print dress laying upside down on a couch, with the text that says "being cheap isn't always a bad thing". Well, Furniture Affair, I couldn't agree more!I was impressed by the size of the store, and the selection of furniture, which was in good condition, and home accessories galore. Rugs, comforters, lamps, framed wall prints, and of course a kids' section. Although I didn't end up purchasing anything on my visit, I feel comfort in knowing that I stumbled upon one of Phoenix's bargain gems. Once I buy that new mansion, I know just the place to find everything I need to cheaply furnish it... in a classy way, of course.
4	I'm breaking my default 3 star furniture store rule as I made no purchase, but this place is impressive.  Bookmarked after Sarah K reviewed, I'm glad I made the looooooong trek to N. Phx (not too hard if you get off the 101)... there's a huge variety of furniture w/ some bargain prices.  If you've shopped around, prices in your head start getting reset higher (furniture conspiracy?), so coming to this place is refreshing where prices seem at the most reasonable and w/out worrying if the furniture will fall apart.The claim is this is model home staging furniture to be cleared out.  Until my home is furnished, I'll make a point to swing by to see how the inventory changes and snag me a good deal.
4	Furniture Affair is awesome! They have a great variety of affordable furniture and accessories that you don't see everywhere else.
5	LOVE Furniture Affair!  Wonderful, quality furniture and accessories at discount prices.  The staff are incredible - knowledgeable and friendly.  I can't say enough about this store. LOVE IT!!!
1	was disappointed that several slightly used pieces i was looking at actually cost more than buying the same item completely new!! thank goodness for smart phones and being able to research things on the spot!! hopefully more consumers start doing that at places like this.
3	Since I have plenty of furniture, but needed a few accessories, we took the long trek to north PHX.  The store has an interesting selection of model home accessories, model home furniture, and other upholstery and case goods that appear to be either used or possibly from model homes.    I was hoping for more model home linens, and while they did have some, the colors and style weren't what I was looking for (not their fault).  Definitely worth a stop if looking for furnishings or accessories.  They had unique pieces that could definitely be a conversation starter and many quality pieces that would last much longer than furniture found in lower-end furniture stores that are so prevalent throughout the valley.
4	Furniture Affair is the best store to pick up high end furniture for half the cost. There are a lot of items to look at and it can be overwhelming because the some of the items are heavily used.  I have picked up beautiful artificial plants and trees for the home . I probably saved over 300.00.
3	This place has a huge selection for furniture and accessories from model homes. It's a great place to look for unique items for your home. There are some high end pieces for a great price but don't assume that the prices are always the best. I have seen pieces that were priced higher here than I paid for the identical new items. Also, examine everything closely before you buy. There are no refunds or returns and the showroom lighting is dim. It's easy to miss nicks, scratches, and dings.
3	Hit or miss....sometimes you can find great furniture at great prices and sometime...meh.  Just the luck of the draw!  But, there's always lots to look at and you never know what treasure you'll stumble across.  As another poster said, check your "finds" carefully...they do not accept returns.  Staff is friendly and FA has some terrific sales (sign up for their email).  Definitely a "must-visit" when you need quality furniture!
4	Great selection of model home furniture.  Arranged in very fashionable settings.  Pieces to match any budget, I only with my budget was bigger..
5	Love coming back here to look for new treasures. They have everything from formal dinning sets (a recent purchase of mine) to lamps, vases, and silk plants. Jon is very friendly and helpful.
5	We are new to AZ and were looking for a furniture store that would have different items than you find in your average furniture store. I read a few of the Yelp reviews, so I knew what to expect and I saw the price range was lower than another store I was interested in. My husband and I went in there with one item in mind, a tv stand. The good news...we found it about half way through the store. The only problem was that it was outside our budget, so we were going to leave empty handed. On our way to the door the gentleman working there, asked if we had made a decision on the piece we liked. (My husband had offered him $50 less than the sticker price, yet he initially wouldn't budge on the price). My husband told him, that we liked the piece, yet it still was outside our budget. The gentleman said "let me see what I can do." He played with the calculator and/or computer for a bit than came back with an offer. The offer was a $27.00+ savings from the sticker price. We appreciated that he was willing to drop the price and we really wanted the item, so we purchased it. In addition, to the great customer service upon the sale, the employees that loaded my husband's vehicle were exceptional. First of all, they were very much concerned that we were able to make the pieces fit in my husband's Rav4 without our having to make several trips. Also, they were very mindful that we have enough room for everyone to sit and that the piece or the car would not be damaged in the process.Hours later, it is in our home, all electronics are on the shelves and hooked up, and we are thrilled. The item fits perfectly, does the job we purchased it for, looks great with our decor, and was fairly priced. We couldn't be happier!!!I rated it a five-star because of their customer service. They were willing to come down on the price and were careful in loading my husband's car. It's a store that you may not always find what you are looking for the first time, so be prepared to be patient; we just got lucky.
1	Thoroughly disappointed in their business practice. The sign said $79, I said I'll buy it, a guy comes up and says we have the footboard in the back. Next lady changed the price to $299. They raised the price nearly 40% right in front of me after I already said I would buy it for the listedPrice. Shady business!
