3	A decent Italian restaurant serving delicious fresh made bread with hummus, flat breads, salads, soups, and pasta. Outdoor seating is available in nice weather, and the service is friendly. Overall, not a bad place, but not super exciting either - Pino's suffers from its close proximity to the excellent  Point Brugge Cafe. It also gets quite noisy inside so it's hard to carry on a conversation, and seems to attract a somewhat older crowd of people.
4	I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive, but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.It happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety, I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day, which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage, jumbo lump crab, and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle, the size of the entire plate, stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.Both items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
2	I made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know, but the place was loud and crowded, the service was bad, and the food was mediocre at best.  I should have just waited it out at Point Brugge.  I won't becoming back anytime soon.
1	I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
2	I often have lunch at the nearby Point Brugge Cafe, but I decided to give Pino's a try today for a change of pace.  Bad idea.  My lady friend and I started with a pair of appetizers: greens & beans and "Italian frites."  The latter, which the menu described as "fresh cut, twice cooked, fresh herbs & roasted garlic," were basically just regular-ass french fries - decent, but nowhere near worth their $6 price tag.  The greens and beans were even more of a rip-off: 8 FREAKIN' DOLLARS for a smallish bowl of rather flavorless produce.  Talk about a profit margin!As a main course we shared a flatbread with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted red pepper.  It was pretty good, but my enjoyment was diminished by the FM radio that was blaring through the loudspeakers.  Who wants to hear car commercials while eating a meal at a "nice" restaurant?  Classless.Conclusion: I'd rather wait 45 minutes for a table at Point Brugge than be seated immediately at Pino's.
4	It's a shame that some of the other reviewers had poor experiences. I discovered Pino's after deciding that the wait for Point Brugge simply wasn't worth it.The brunch was very good, I enjoyed the atmosphere, particularly the "missing" wall which gives the appearance of outdoor seating, and particularly liked not having to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with other people.My sole comment would be that the owner, who was very friendly, should let his food speak for itself rather than being so concerned about the neighborhood competition.
4	I must admit that the first time I went to Pino's (about 6 months ago), I was NOT a fan for several reasons.  However, after coming home from brunch, the experience was enough to not only completely change my mind, but to keep me coming back.My boyfriend had the scallops and I have the pino benedict (eggs benedict, of course).  My boyfriend literally looked like he was having a religious experience with the scallops.  His eyes were closed, he was moaning, and it took him about 25 minutes to eat 3 scallops.  He said it was the first time in his life that he ever wanted to take so much time to chew his food.My dish was delicious and the in-house made bread was fresh and savory.  Overall, I am very pleased with the lunch menu and the range of dishes that are available.  We'll definitely be back for brunch.
2	Pino's appears to fashion itself something of a nouveau-Italian, smart casual neighborhood restaurant, and it's literally just that. Translation: the menu is uninspired and predictable. A relatively encompassing selection of appetizers and entrees revealed not quite a soul-crushing, but certainly a lackadaisical attitude toward ingredients, recipes and presentation, though the service was refreshingly excellent. Unfortunately, the only other reason you'd be dining in Point Breeze would be to enjoy the amazing Point Brugge Cafe just down the street. As a previous reviewer mentioned, I stopped in simply because the Brugge was full, but I unfortunately won't be making that mistake again.
1	What a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.  We had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh? When asked what "awhile" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).Food was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.Service was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.Not sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
1	Bland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more, especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge.
4	In similar fashion to Joseph S. I, too, decided to give Pino's a shot once we saw how packed nearby Point Brugge, which had initially drawn our party due to its reputation, was. It was a relatively nice evening, and I thought the concept of fresh-air dining was too good to pass us by. We were immediately greeted by Jen, one of the co-owners, as we entered. I made it a point to compliment the beautiful inlaid tile in our tabletop, and she volunteered some additional information about their production that I found to be very interesting. I really loved the bistro burger. I requested it to be prepared "Medium", and sure enough it lived up to my expectations---you'd be surprised how many times I've ordered a medium burger only to have it served well-done and nearly bone-dry at other restaurants. Nicole, our waitress, proved her weight in gold when she reassured me that gorgonzola would be a good cheese to accompany the bacon on the burger. We also ordered the macaroni & cheese as an appetizer. I thought the ziti was a bit dry, but the sauce and cheese were delicious. We really loved the bread and the garlic butter spread. I was hoping for an oil & vinegar blend to have with the bread, but the spread served as a surprisingly tasty alternative. My partner's ravioli looked delicious, and he let me try one of his meatballs, which I found to have that "homemade" flavor that's difficult to find at many restaurants. Our friend loved her arugula salad, and as a seafood aficionado I was impressed by the very generous size of the shrimp she had. Our service was prompt---our water glasses had barely gone half-empty before our waitress scurried over to replenish them. Overall we loved our experience and WILL be back! We were told about Pino's legendary Sunday brunches, and I look forward to trying one myself the next Sunday I have off from work.
4	Enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.  The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced, and the other members of our party enjoyed their entrees, as well.  Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
3	TASTY OPTION FOR SUNDAY BRUNCH I've read the reviews and what seems to ring true is that Pino's has a good Sunday Brunch. Thankfully that's when me and my gang decided to check out this little lovely! Brunch menu has both traditional brunch fair and some Italian twists. My mum had Challah French toast and loved it. Pops had their breakfast risotto with a fried egg on top - I tried that and it had a nice kick to it.Other folks at the table had the eggs Benedict, salad, and Sammy. Over all everyone was happy and it was only half full so easy to talk and hang out. And for the music complainer (you whining stinker) we had a nice iPod mix on when we were there!
5	My favorite Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  All-time favorite dish:  eggplant parmesan with their spicy arrabbiata sauce, I had to ask for them to make it that way.  Not your typical layers of fried, heavy eggplant--lighter, chunkier eggplant that melts in your mouth.  My favorite appetizer there is the sizzling olives--they bring you a little cast iron skillet and throw olives in it--they soften and are so wonderful to eat!  Flavor explodes in your mouth!  Also good is ther roasted veggie platter and charcuterie plate.  We typically go on less crowded days, as the restaurant is small--but we've always had excellent service and the food comes out hot and fresh!
4	this place had a great selection. The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
5	I like this place so much! Unpretentious. Everything is made from scratch. Service is amazing. Lots of small plates. Great wine deals... Definitely worth a trip.
1	BEFORE Pino's was renovated, it was a tiny, unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere, and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB, which I love. This was our "go-to" restaurant.AFTER Pino's was renovated, there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice, It's no longer a BYOB, and the staff is full of attitude, which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.On our most recent visit, we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25, and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d', and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables, despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around, I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck, since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally, around 8:30 PM, the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement, crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us, and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.The food is still good here, but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area, with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here, walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.
5	Six of us went to dinner, six of us had fabulous meals!  My husband said his seafood fra diavlo was the best he ever ate, not a bit fishy--loaded with fresh seafood and a spicy sauce.  My son had the carbonara which he described as fabulous.  My daughter had the roasted veggie platter as her meal (it is a large appetizer), and I also sampled it--the vegetables and olives were marinated and grilled perfectly.  My father had the skirt steak which he loved, and my son had a sausage pizza.  Both said they were delish!  I usually get the eggplant parmesan with their spicy arribiata sauce but this time I had a pasta dish loaded with artichokes and shrimp in a spicy sauce.  It was excellent!  It was my father's birthday, and they brought out a Tiramisu for us to share (we didn't even ask for it), and that was luscious as well!  The staff was as nice as can be--we will be back without a doubt!I love this place!
5	"God this is the best eggplant that I have ever tasted!"  was what our friend said after he took his first bite of the Sicilian eggplant served at Pino's.  My husband couldn't wait to have the seafood fra diavlo, which he had last time...again, a 10 out of 10!  I had the roasted veggie platter for my entree, which is really an appetizer--and I had to share--way too much for one person to eat.  Another comment from our friend (who was a first timer at Pino's) was that it was the best Italian dressing that he ever had.  As I write, I want to go back for dinner tonight!!Forgot to mention, they also have local beers on tap (East End Brewery), the men enjoyed the Homewood brew (dark lager type beer), it's great to see the owners supporting local businesses!
4	I went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.  I hadn't been in Pino's since they renovated, but I have to say that they made the interior beautiful.  We made reservations, but I don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.  My two girlfriends and I always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.  We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.  This was an impressive way to start out the meal.  We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.  This was unlike other pumpkin ravioli I've had...very pumpkiny.  The ravioli was good, although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.  It was very sweetly spiced and I was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.  I ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree, and was pleased with it.  I admittedly never get too excited about pizza, and this was good, but nothing that I was dreaming about later that night.  Overall, the food was a 3-4 for me.  The service was outstanding.  Our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.  My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.  Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.  Talk about service!  The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.  Added bonus:  Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.  Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
3	I have had lunch at Pinos's several times probably at least 5 times. Usually I am there  for a business lunch when I am in the area. I find that we are well served, not rushed and the noise level is not too loud at lunch We have several times asked the Chef to make us some special version of his menu and we are always accommodated. To me this is excellent service. Makes you feel like coming back.I would have to admit that I usually order the garlic fries which are really great. I do this if I am not going back to the office or out to meet a client.Normally I would add a soup of the day which are always nice, and a sandwich of the day. I have never been disappointed and certainly would continue to conduct business lunches here. Pino's has been very reliable and dependable in all aspects.  I would make it 3 1/2 stars.
1	The food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee? $9 a glass of garbage wine? Me thinks not.What really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...
5	Another really good meal here!  My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!  Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.  So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!
4	I ate here this past Friday with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  We decided to come here because it was Pittsburgh restaurant week and they offered a special 3 course $30 fixed price menu with 2 course wine pairing for $12.  It ended up being a small little restaurant in the middle of Point Breeze which I had been past many times previously but never really noticed.The restaurant was swamped whenever we got there, probably due to a combination of it being Friday night and restaurant week, so thankfully we had made reservations and were seated almost immediately.  I decided to start off my meal with a salad while my girlfriend had the tomato garlic bisque.  My salad was good and came with goat cheese, pears and a vinaigrette which all tasted nicely.  It was nothing amazing but I think it takes a really special salad to be amazing.  I also tried my girlfriends bisque and unsurprisingly found it to be a bit tomato-y since I do not enjoy tomatoes very much but she really enjoyed it.  For my entree I decided to get two small plates instead of a larger entree and settled on the mac n cheese and fish tacos.  The tacos were a bit sloppy/wet but had some nice flavors (cilantro, aoili and pico) in them along with some chili sauce that gave it a nice little kick.  My mac n cheese came out in its own little cast iron type pot and was good.  There was an adequate amount of cheese throughout and I liked that they even had some ricotta buried inside the dish.  I was also able to try the Arrabbita that one of our dining companions had ordered.  Wow was it good and it packed quite the spicy punch too.  Immediately I regretted not ordering it although I still did enjoy my two small plates.  For my dessert course I ended up having the White Chocolate Creme Brulee.  My girlfriend decided upon the tiramisu while another at our table had the peaches and puff pastry.  All of the desserts seemed large and made sure that we did not go home hungry!  My creme brulee tasted decently and ended up being a good finish to my meal.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Their regular menu seemed reasonably priced and everything that I had tried throughout the night was good.
4	I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.The table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears, walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree, I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily, I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert, I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However, the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well. Overall, I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice, romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However, I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.
2	I grew up just the street from Pino's and my family were probably its most regular customers -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many years, and always enjoyed the pizza and hot subs. I've just been back for the first time in 6 years after moving away, and was pretty unimpressed... The decor looks nice, but the food was wayyyyy overpriced for what it was. $22 dollars for a plate of pasta, really? It claimed to be "fresh pasta," but it was completely tough and chewy (not "al dente," just undercooked), and not very large. I'm not sure when the restaurant changed, but I think it really missed the mark... People WANT a casual, friendly, affordable neighborhood place that they can bring the kids to. Why take that away?
5	New fall items on the menu--their grilled romaine salad is fabulous!
2	Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition. We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal. Our waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces. Then we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish. The tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them. Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it). After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.
3	I struggle with this review. I wish I could give it a 4, but I really can't hate on it like everyone else. Their wait staff has always been super attentive and friendly, and their happy hours are great! But, a lot of their entrees are a little meh for me, especially for the price. Stick to happy hour for wine/cheese platters, and enjoy a nice summer evening here.
4	The fresh-baked bread and sun-dried tomato puree is outstanding. We started with the crab cakes, which was one of the lightest I've had. I could eat a vat of the lemon aioli itself. We followed with veal and ricotta meatballs that were perfectly cooked. We finished with their Italian fries. I would order these every single time now that I've had them once. Twice cooked, herbs, garlic confit, basil aioli--every single element of the dish is fantastic.If you plan on visiting, then make sure you have some time to really take in the drink list and menu. There are always a handful of new, recommended wines to try and a signature cocktail of the week (which, might I add, is usually extremely fun and concocted with unique ingredients). I am impressed with the cleanliness, decor, and ambiance of the restaurant. I love the feel when the French doors are completely open. I also enjoyed our bartender, Eamonn, who was funny, polite, and attentive. He is also a master of not only creating fresh, new, tasty cocktails but, simply, understands the right way to mix and serve a drink.Overall, I would love to keep Pino's as our little secret but would urge you to try it too!
2	My husband and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town, we made reservations here because word on the street was that it was good. Verdict? It was so-so. We had reservations at 7:15 and were seated promptly, which was fine, except we were seated OUTSIDE! Listen folks, it's COLD when the sun goes down. They have three tables set outside, I guess trying to squeeze out some more business. Our server was nice, but not attentive at all.  We were left waiting for things for 10-20 minutes at a time. Also, because we were sitting on the sidewalk, people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out, about 1/2 of the order was not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce, which by the way smelled like stinky cheese. My dinner and my husbands dinner was good, no real complaints there. Espresso and a S'more cupcake for dessert and I grand total of $134 later before tip? Definitely not worth it at all.  The best part of the night? Leaving. The worst part of the night? Associating this place with my anniversary.
5	Stopped in without a reservation around 7 pm. I ordered the house soup. It was very yummy. The soup was a tomato based soup with noodles and chick peas. I also tried the sausage flatbread. The flatbread sizing easily fed one. My boyfriend shared with me. The tomato sauce and peppers on it really made the flatbread. I really one to come back int the summer when the front windows are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa
2	Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.
2	We were huge fans of Pinos a few years back before the wine bar concept was adopted. In all honesty, we haven't been back for a year though we kept saying " we have to get to Pinos!" Needless to say, we were disappointed.  The place has changed and not for the better.  It seems in an effort to create a quaint wine bar, Pinos lost sight of the original draw and that was the food.  The menu has been scaled back considerably.  Though the food was adequate, it's not the same.  I came here because the food was amazing and with that no longer being the case, I doubt we will return.  Hopefully, things will change back to how they were.  Customer advice for what it's worth.  Refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept.   Sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment!!!
5	There was absolutely nothing not to like.  Reasonably priced wines, home style Italian cooking. Great upbeat ambience.
3	Small portions. Over priced food. Very small menu (dinner). Was OK, but disappointing overall.
1	I went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer, Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert. Baked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess. Lazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue. Panna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.My friend ordered off the regular menu, which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time?? Why? We tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries, which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries, which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money, and I will never, ever go back there.
5	I live in Connecticut and visit family in Pittsburgh often. Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. I don't have one favorite dish because I usually order one of the specials, which change often. I ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago. The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy. My son had the seafood risotto. It was so good, I need to order it next time.My brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home. He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us). He was giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.Oh, they also make great cocktails and have a very, very nice wine list.Oh, if you think you can only get good fries and mussels at the Belgium place around the corner, try Pino's. The fries are topped with crispy herbs... yum!No, it isn't cheap. But, I'm happy to pay for quality.
1	I went to Pino's recently, only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going, seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.After my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak, the chef came out to "apologize". It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented, as walking away, that he would "never salt his steak again". I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend, which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad), which took another twenty minutes, my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned, obviously chewing to make a point, and sneered at my mother, announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well, I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother, a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!??!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. The drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry, how can you not have $33 in change?! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. Overall, embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.
1	Very disappointing meal.  After waiting for a half hour, my meal arrived and we were told that my friend's meal would be coming in a few minutes. Very awkward.t.  Salad was average at best.  The beets tasted like canned beets and the chicken was covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan.  Then, to make matters worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food.  The chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak was great and himself was enjoying it.  Eating food from a customers plate was a real turn-off....what else does he do when cooking? To make matters worse, when paying the bill, the chef did not have change for a $100 bill for the customer who returned her steak..  It was very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation. He kept  loudly requesting a credit card  and the women did not have one.   Another customer provided them with change as the chef crumbled the check. I think I would have just left and not paid....give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.Long story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!
1	This was the place I brought friends visiting from out of town when I wanted to show them the classy Italian  spots in Pittsburgh. After my visit last night, I have no desire to ever go again. I don't know the owner, Joe, personally but he has stopped by our table a few times and said "dish looks beautiful." He was always confident in his food which I guess is a good thing if the good is delicious,  which it usually is  The table next to ours had a two women, a mother and daughter. The mother asked the server for a new steak as hers was a bit salty (I've never had the steak as I'm vegetarian but my guests have mentioned the abundance of salt). The server apologizes and returns to the kitchen. The owner comes out and fakes an apology claiming his steaks are perfect. At this point the whole restaurant is listening it's that crazy.  The  best part? He comes out again and says "I really enjoyed the steak you sent back." He was eating the steak and had some in his mouth! I can't make stuff like this up!At this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter. Clearly an awkward situation. The owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said "it's not my job to make people happy" that's strange considering he wants our business. So the mother tries to pay the bill with a $100 and leave but he said they can't make change. Eventually another customer helps make change and they leave.I couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry, we will never step foot in here again.
1	If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The "Chef" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
5	I have been going to Pino's for several years with my family so I feel well qualified to give a balanced review rather than basing it on a single experience, good or bad. Every restaurant can have a bad day. And even the worst places can please some customers every now and then. What you get at Pino's is great service and excellent food. If your idea of Italian is the Olive Garden, you are in for an education and a treat. This is the real deal. We have a family of picky eaters including a full blown celiac and we all love it.Yes, over the years I have twice seen owner/chef Joe unhappy with unhappy customers. In one case the customer was arrogant and offensive. On the other occasion, Joe should have swallowed his pride if only to avoid the coordinated revenge reviews that followed.
3	Pinos offers an unhappy marriage of good food at bad prices.  The food is tasty but not transcendent.  The prices in the high $20's for most of the entrees are not justified by the quality, location, or portions.  The food is essentially slightly hipper Olive Garden fare at double the prices.For dinner entrees you can get more for your money elsewhere.  But it's not all bad.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the service was excellent.  I had a good time and I'd happily go back for appetizers (most are $8-10).Pino's is frequented by a large rambunctious flock of malbec massacring 40-50 year old women.  My friend and I were the only males there.  If cougar hunting is your sport of choice, you'll feel right at home in Pino's jungle safari!
1	Great
