4	Tasty New York style Chinese at a fair price, plus, they deliver to a fairly wide area (comparatively). You'll find most, if not all, of your favorites are available here. I really enjoy the Orange Chicken, shrimp rolls, and the Chicken Fried Rice. Vegetarian is possible with their menu options too.The service is not the best, but it's not too bad, about the same as you'd get in a fast food restaurant, which would normally justify a 3-star or less rating, but the food taste / value redeems them and gets them back up to a 4-star.
4	Cheap, cheap, cheap. And I don't mean that in a bad way.Red Dragon is one of those great little hole in the wall Chinese places, but with uncommonly low lunch prices and better taste than most. Dinner prices are about average. Their soups are always steaming hot, their entrees tend to be cooked just right, and their rice is the perfect combination of sticky and fluffy.They can take a little longer than some other restaurants to have your order ready, but the result is worth the wait. Red Dragon also claims not to use MSG, which may be a point in their favor for some diners.It's not fine dining Chinese and doesn't pretend to be, but they're definitely toward the top of the heap for fast, tasty Asian comfort food.
5	What a surprise this place is.  I hate flyers on my door and nearly tossed it, but something made me save this menu.  The other night I had a craving for chinese food and dug this up.We ordered their coconut shrimp (it came with steamed broccoli), chicken chow fun and eggplant.I think it's safe to say I've found my new favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley.  I went to go pick it up since it's close to the house.  I'm directionally challenged so what should have taken me a 10 minute drive ended up being a 20 minute drive.It's located on the corner of Alma School and Warner in the Goodyear plaza.  It didn't help that the traffic light was out on the corner so traffic was backed up.I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.  The chow fun was to DIE FOR.  I'm a chow fun fanatic and I was in love!  Noodles were not super soggy and the containers are not your standard cardboard fare, either.  The coconut shrimp was fab - the sauce was on the side.  My only complaint is that there were no holes for the hot air to escape so the batter was a bit soggy.  No worries, it was still scrumptious.  The eggplant is flavorful.  It was not drowning in soy sauce.  Just enough for your rice.Oh...and the rice is FREE.  You don't have to order it separately and be charged extra like some places in the valley.They claim to NOT use MSG in their dishes and that's the truth.  I'm allergic to MSG and I would know in under 3 minutes...The overall ambiance is really more to go than in dining.  They have a picnic table set up that consists of one bench.Now that I know where I can find this gem, I'll be sure to go back.  If you haven't tried it, go...NOW.
2	This place reminds of Wong's Palace in Tempe but not as good.  For some reason, the food just doesn't hit the spot.  The chicken chow fun was tasteless and was just flat out goopy.  All of the noodles just stuck to each other.
3	Let my start by saying I go here all the time. This fact notwithstanding, I have to admit that its definitely not my favorite Chinese food restaurant in the area. They advertise themselves as New York Style Chinese food, which, since I'm not from New York, doesnt mean a whole lot to me. Though from what I've tasted, I'm assuming that means not as authentic and a little Americanized. The one thing that constantly frustrates me about Red Dragon is that I order something having a guess about how its going to be and it ends up being nothing like it. Once I ordered the crispy chicken thinking it would be the deep fried chicken with crispy skin that you can get in most Chinese restaurants, and it ended up being this shaved, deep fried chicken in a sweet sauce. Utterly disappointing, though it wasnt necessarily a bad dish. The fried rice here is hit or miss- a hit being a passable version, while a miss ends up being partially cooked rice "crispies". Their egg foo yung is pretty good, and their -enter choice of meat- with broccoli/veggies is well done, if not a little too oily. The one thing I like about this place especially is their soups, which are very inexpensive- $3 for a quart- though they are premade and the amount of ingredients reflects the price. But I actually like simplicity so it suits me just fine.  Unfortunately, for most of the things on the menu, and I've tried quite a few, there is sweet undertone accompanying them. Also, a quick note...this place has only 3 small tables, so unless you are a very small party or eating a quick meal, I would opt for the take-out.The one great advantage they have over other places is, as others have mentioned, the price, and also that they are open till 10 on most nights. If another restaurant is open, I'll usually skip Red Dragon, but if I have to choose between so-so Chinese food and Taco Bell just up the street, its really no decision at all.
4	One of the best Chinese restaurants in Arizona. Their potstickers and lo mein are excellent. They deliver to a large area and are very quick.
5	The worst thing about this place is that it's so far from my house.Definitely my favorite Chinese place in the valley so far.  Reasonably priced, friendly people, excellent food with which they are very generous.  The orange chicken here is very good and very.. orangey.It's one of those hole in the wall places that you wander in to by chance.  Really small place with only three or four tables.  So good that at least three people I know started delivering for them just so they could score a free meal every now and then.
4	Was in the Chandler area three weeks ago and decided to stop by this place to pick up some dinner on my way home.I ordered the General Tso's Chicken ($9.95), Beef Chow Fun ($7.25), Eggplant in Garlic Sauce ($6.50), and Chicken Fried Rice ($6.50).  The food took forever to get ready, but boy, it was worth the wait since it was delicious!!!  For such reasonable prices, the portions were huge and the quality/taste of the dishes was a nice surprise.  My mom is picky when it comes to restaurant food, but she LOVED the chow fun.The menu looks pretty extensive, with reasonable prices.  If you're looking for ambiance, this isn't the place.  However, for a casual dine-in experience or takeout, this place will hit the spot.  Their lunch menu items are nicely priced too...ranging from $4.50 to $5.75.  Looks like they're open 7 days a week, from 10:30am-10:30pm.  Too bad I now live in Tempe, otherwise I would stop by more often.
2	we've eaten here a couple times, but were pretty underwhelmed both times.  the reviews on here sounded promising, and i wanted to give it a chance, which is why we ate there more than once.probably my biggest complaint is that the chicken gets reallllly soggy in the sauce.  we tried several dishes and each one was the same.  i guess maybe its all according to taste.i do have to say that i did try the soups, and those were very good.i was sad because this place is 2 seconds from the house.
5	After looking around for good Chinese food in the area, we tried this place. We had it delivered and for $30 had enough food for two people for two nights!  The spicy dumplings are a must try. Different than other dumplings. The best hot and sour soup I have found in AZ. Beef lo mein was good. Moo Goo Gai was good. As was the sweet and sour shrimp. I think we have found put go to chinese take out.
5	Yummy & cheap.  You get lots for your dollar.  I run in for take-out now and then, or get delivery a couple miles away.  Sometimes i walk in with my youngest kid, 3 years old, and they got a little toy cart he can push around.  When he tries to head back into the kitchen, they chuckle at him.  I can attest to fine egg rolls, Mongolian Beef, yui-shan spicy pork, orange chicken (spicy!), moo shu pork.  Since we moved to Chandler 13 months ago, i have not bothered to try another go-to Chinese place.  Now I am frakking hungry
3	Very reasonable prices for a lot of food.  Lunch specials are typically around $5 and include drink or soup.  Like typical fast food Chinese places, they use an ubiquitous "brown sauce" base in most of their entrees which they add an extra ingredient here or there to make it a "Szechwan sauce" or "garlic sauce".  As for the quality, just OK.  I had an order of egg drop soup that was the most gelatinous soup I had ever seen.  When your plastic container of soup jiggles when you move it rather than sloshing around, and when your soup sticks to your spoon and after some effort, lazily drips down when you turn the spoon upside down, you know you've put too much thickener in your soup!  In addition, I had a fountain soda from here once instead of the soup, and it tasted pretty flat.  So, it's not the best Chinese food out there, but it's a good deal for what you get.
4	Supper Yummy!!! The place doesn't look very nice when you first walk in but don't be scared.  They have a huge menu with tons of yummy items.  The staff was really nice and even gave us a few free drinks!  I can't wait to have their dry sauteed green beans again.
5	The general tso's chicken was excellent. The place is pretty small, but you can see the kitchen and the help is exactly what you expect from a good oriental restaurant.
2	We tried Red Dragon on the recommendation of friends...quite disappointed.  I agree another poster that the recipes at Red Dragon seem to be different from the norm.  The General Tso's Chicken was sweet and not at all spicy.  The Mongolian Beef was so spicy that my cheeks are still burning; I have never had spicy Mongolian Beef before, and it was swimming in a brown soy-like sauce and no crisp white rice noodles, as traditional.  And why was the fried rice ORANGE, not brown?I would not go out of my way to return, but if in the neighborhood I might try it again---maybe it was just an off night?
5	Damn this Chinese food is freaking awesome! I consider myself an aficionado of Asian food, and I've tasted my fair share in both east and west coast Chinatowns and I will tell you this place is authentic and delicious. To speak to the previous post which said that the recipes are different, it's New York style Chinese food, ie it's different, and it is just like NYC style Chinese food and yes, the fried rice is orange and the pork has pink food coloring, it's all good! Couple of things I noticed, first we got 5 dishes and none of them were swimming in grease, in fact it was not greasy at all. I didn't get that bloated-sick-to-your-stomach feeling that I get with most of the run of the mill Chinese food that's sold here. Second, they use real chicken and not that weird, white, frozen chicken "food product" that all the Chinese restaurants seem to be using these days. It's cheap and they deliver. Seriously? We ordered pork egg foo young, most places use frozen patties, this was definitely homemade and not frozen. A lot of places put the filling in the gravy on top of a plain egg patty with sprouts but they put the filling inside the patty which is way better. We also had a combo plate with spicy chili shrimp, pepper steak, chicken stick and fried rice, awesome. Then we had garlic pork and tomato beef. All of it was really good. This is my new go-to Chinese food restaurant!
5	Best Chinese food I've found in AZ, and I'm from MI (Michigan has the best Chinese food) so that's saying something.  You can't go wrong with the General Tso's Chicken with Fried Rice... but, my favorite thing on the menu is the Beef Sticks.  Good sized portions and affordable prices too!
5	After reading all of the great reviews on this place, my roommate and I had to try. I was skeptical because I believe it's hard to distinguish great chinese food. Most of it tastes the same to me. Now after visiting Red Dragon I realize how ignorant I am. It was fantastic. Yes it's in a crappy strip mall but it's not made to eat inside, it's takeout all the way. I got the pan fried dumpings (amazing, fluffy and the inside tasted real!.) I also got the wonton soup which was cheap and delicious. It wasn't chewy like most places and was piping hot. For my entree I got the sweet and sour chicken. The chicken was fluffy breading but also crunchy and the meat was cooked absolutely perfect. Not to mention they give you a ton of food so it's well worth the value. My roommate went with the general tso's, crab rangoon and another dish I couldn't tell what it was but he loved it and he's a graduate of culinary school. The great reviews are correct, this is the best takeout around!
1	When I first moved to AZ, a couple that I am friends with told me about red dragon and that it is very good.  I decided to check it out.  The first time that I went there, the food was great.  Not as good as the Chinese food from the east coast, where I am from, but it definately satisfied a chinese craving.  Since it was good the first time, I decided to go there on my lunch break.  I waited over 10 minutes at the counter because no one was in the kitchen.  I decided to order anyway and the food did not meet my expectations.  I went back for a third time thinking that they might of had an off day, but the third time everything was much worse.  When I walked in there was 5 people waiting and the cooks were sitting at a table eating.  They eventually got up to cook the orders that came in and the food was terrible.  I ordered general chicken with lomein and an egg roll.  The egg roll was extremely greasy, the chicken was chewy and gross and the lomein was under cooked.  Im not a fan anymore and I will be finding another place to eat chinese food.
3	It was a late night that day and I was hungry. I found this restaurant and drove to the llocation and got lost. The location was behind the intersection. This place close at 10pm which is very helpful for people who hungry after 9pm with a nice price Asian food and fast or "to-go" style.This "to go" concept restaurant have few tables for customer who want to eat in there. When you entered the door, you should go straight to the counter, order the foods, pay, and wait for the food.When the food came to my table, they served with rice without spoon or fork.  It seem they expected all their customer was not a "first-time" customer that "who knows where they put their spoon or fork."They didn't say anything until I stand up, asked them, where was the spoon or the fork. They just said, "Oh, here!" (It was plastic pork and spoon infront of them which is infront of me on the counter. Gosh, I didn't see that..lol). Well, I expected if you served the food, it should come with fork or spoon, at least. Lol...You served yourself for the water in the cup on the soda machine.I ordered beef curry that night. The food taste was average. I found a bloody meat swimming in my curry, so I asked them to cook it back. The guy behind the counter said nothing (not even say sorry or whatsoever).I might go back to this place if I am  in an "emergency hungry" situation such as hungry after 9pm.
4	We ate at this restaurant today. Food was good and portions were Awesome! We had some left to take home for dinner! Will definately go back if in the area craving Chinese food. Prices were great! Only $22 for 3 meals. Oh yes and for those who can't eat Msg...no worries, they don't use the stuff!
4	Lets just say I love that I can order Chinese food and have it delivered to my place! Came home on a Sunday night after being gone all weekend and the kids and I were starving, so I said lets order something, so we ordered beef fried rice, crab puffs (my fav!!!) orange chicken, pork lo main and after we placed the order company showed up and I asked him if he was hungry and he said yea I told him we just ordered some chinese, do you want some, he said ok, but didn't know what to order, so off we went to Red Dragon, my phone order was already out the door by the time I got there, he ordered pepper beef and egg rolls, we took it home and had a good dinner! Now I have a take out menu at the house LOL.
1	Lets just say that they are the reason I don't eat Chinese food anymore.  There was a hair in my cum like sauce. barf. . .  I can't do it anymore.
4	NY Style Chinese food with all the good and bad that brings with it. Reasonable prices, good food, and less than stellar service. If you're knowledgable on what you want and have the info ready then your service will be great but lord help you if you can't decide. The service is the only thing knocking the final star off. Excellent take-out menu, don't eat-in.
4	Great take out, delivery took a while, but I assume they were busy. Will be ordering again, just have to keep in mind it takes 30 min+
3	We've been here only once for a reason- when we arrived on an early Saturday evening, the two hostesses gave us a hard time for not having reservations. They reluctantly seated us (we would've just left but our kids "earned" a night out and this was their choice).  When we were seated we expected it to be packed but there was only one other family there.  Strange that they gave us so much grief for not having reservations.Also unimpressive was the teppanyaki experience.  The chef hurried through and did the old, usual " tricks" we've seen too many times.  We were in and out in 40 minutes. I wish I had better things to say because the food was pretty good.
1	the folks at my work would order this food quite often.  This doesn't say much  considering my coworkers love for strange underwhelming establishments.  You could fry a roach, call it Orange Chicken, and my coworkers will back weekly!(see Ben V.'s review)  I ordered delivery one time and was grossed out enough that I ended up throwing everything away after the first bite.  I eventually implemented a rule that we would no longer provide business to this restaurant after a terrible call we received from them.  Our company would order delivery almost weekly and would always throw quite a bit of money at this business.. Furthermore the tip would always be VERY generous.  Until one day we left a tip of... (please play dramatic countdown piano riff in your head here) 10 DOLLARS!  AHHHHHH!!! With the next order that was placed, the business contacted us to complain of the size of our tip, stating they weren't sure if they could deliver our current order if we are only going to tip blah blah blah.  Thats right, they complained about only getting a 10 dollar tip for the delivery. (the bill was only about 40-50 dollars) .  You are far better off sticking to local joints that are not only delicious but are grateful for your business. (TOTT's, dragon express, etc....)
5	This authentic Chinese food! Great food and reasonable prices.  Better than what you get at the Chinese cultural center in Tempe. Never ate a bad meal here.
5	I should have reviewed these guys years ago...so sorry for the delay. Again, you probably have to take into account that I'm a NYer living in AZ, so I generally seek out food that compares in taste and style to that which New Yorkers are accustomed to. We have phenomenal Chinese food in NY that grows from "hole in the wall" take out restaurants in cracks and crevices in the city. Red Dragon is such a place and I'm so happy that they're here. I only wish I didn't live a half hour away from them!Despite the drive, they are worth the trip. They aren't fake Chinese food like Panda Express, so if that's what you know to compare them to, it may be a different experience for you. The owners are from NY and they tout their place as "NY Style Chinese Food". They have and KNOW what duck sauce is! Hallelujah! I am always shocked that Chinese food places here don't use it nor know about it. Soy sauce is not the only Asian condiment people! Try duck sauce on your rice or dunk your egg rolls and spring rolls in it. DELISH! My husband loves the fried chicken wings (cooked in peanut oil). We adore the General Tso's chicken, their egg foo young is great and the rices are to die for! Great egg drop soup, chicken or beef and broccoli and too many other menu items to count! Anyone from NY will know just what I mean about the style and anyone from anywhere else- give it a try!There's no fine dining, you won't want to eat in, as it's really not a sit down restaurant- no booths, cheesy tables and chairs, but I'm not use to eating at a Chinese food place unless it's a buffet anyway, and this is not. This is just amazing NY style Chinese take-out, definitely worth a try!
4	I wouldn't eat AT the Red Dragon, but I would definitely order take out from this restaurant. In fact, I do order out regularly from them. The restaurant itself is a hole-in-the-wall. But the food...possibly the best Chinese food in Chandler! It's New York-style Chinese food, so there's lo mein and cold sesame noodles on the menu. Two of my favorites. The chicken with string beans and fresh ginger is really good. So is the jumbo shrimp with black bean sauce.
4	Yo yo. I'm a true New Yorker.  Raised in Brooklyn, Forest Hills, Queens and Westbury, L.I.  I've spent time in many states across the US and would rate this joint as the closest thing to getting real NY chinese food.Folks here in AZ (I've been here for 13+ years) know nothing about duck sauce and fried chicken wings.  They think I'm crazy when I mention them.This is a take-out spot.  The small tables there are for you to wait for your food after ordering by phone.Try this spot.  I promise it's great!
1	The food was not good at all! We ordered online to have it delivered, and not only did it take an hour to get to us when it is around the corner, but it was cold and nasty.  Our Sweet and Sour Chicken was cold and stale, with no crunch to it at all. We had 2 random containers of rice. The Crab Rangoons were soft and stale just like the chicken. And our Vegetable Chow Mein was a bowl of soupy vegetables. I will never again order food from here and would not recommend it to anyone.  Dining in may be better than delivery, but I wouldn't count on it!
5	I have eaten here for years and I LOVE their Orange chicken! Their portions are incredible and their prices are great. I can not say enough good things about this place but the main reason I finally added a review was that I couldn't believe that it wasn't 5 stars already. The only thing I would change if I could is I wish they filled their crab puffs a bit more but you get 8 in a serving so I really cant complain!
1	PLEASE read the NEWEST reviews for this DISGUSTING so called New York style Chinese restaurant.  I ordered $50 worth of food to take out, sat there 30 minutes waiting for it, don't know why because when I got it home it tasted like it had been prepared A WEEK AGO.  Everything was burnt, tasteless, dry and NOT AT ALL NEW YORK style!! I should know because I am from NY.  DO NOT give this place your precious money!  When I called to tell them about it, they said I am the 1st. person TO EVER complain...well, as I stated already, READ THE NEWER REVIEWS.  Somebody needs to shut this place down, they have THE WORST FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD from a Chinese restaurant. If I didn't have to give them one star in order to post this review, I wouldn't have, they don't deserve even one star!
4	Wife and I hadn't eaten here before and were in the mood for a "linner" take out so we gave it a try.  In a nutshell - a success.  Food was hot when we ate despite a 15-minute drive home.  Quantity was more than one could eat at one sitting and everything except the little bag of chips was very tasty.  The chips were stale.  We had hot & sour soup, pork fried rice.  I had green beans & beef and she had shrimp in lobster sauce and won ton soup.  My beef was tender and tasty.  The beans were crisp and the ginger sauce was perfect.  Her only complaint was that there were only 3 won tons in her soup instead of 4.  Pretty great recommendation.  The order was packaged nicely inside a heavy paper bag with an outer plastic bag to guard against moisture.  It took about 10 minutes to prepare and the price was right to boot so we will be back.
4	Been going to the dragon for a few years now and the food is always excellent.  I think they have the best wonton soup in town and the combination fried rice is on point.  As far as the taste and cost of the food they get 5 stars but because the place always looks a bit on the dirty side I only gave them 4 stars.
5	As previously mentioned here, if you're looking for NYC style Chinese Takeout Red Dragon will not disappoint. It's as close to what I grew up eating in Queens or Long Island as I've found west of the Hudson River. Best of all, you can have Dinner for 2 for just about $25 with Soup & Appetizers. Delivery to my hotel was within promised time and it was hot & correct, something that's quite rare when it comes to delivery to hotels in my experience. It was without question my best experience of delivery of Chinese Food when traveling. I ordered what I call my "litmus test" of fundamental dishes and none disappointed. Chicken Chow Mein (crispy noodles) Pork Egg Roll, Won Ton Soup and Roast Pork Fried Rice. Next time I'm in Phoenix I'll try some other dishes now that I have confidence in their abilities.
2	It was average.  I got the sweet and sour chicken.  Everything was cold when I got it, especially the fried rice and egg drop soup.  Delivery driver was rude and told me I didn't meet the minimum delivery dollar amount, which they shouldn't have accepted the order if it didn't meet the requirement versus scolding me when delivered.
3	Disappointing. The food is average although the portions are large. The wonton soup was good. The soda machine was broken. The "free" egg rolls were forgotten when we were served. They arrived after we had finished our meal. It was a cold day and there was no heat in the dining room which was freezing. Not much upside to this dining experience. I won't be back.
2	I am new to Phoenix and was looking for a really good Chinese place.  This menu showed up on my door and I thought what the hell...well that's what I said after dealing with poor customer service and a dish called "Dragon and Phoenix".  This dish sounded good but had well over a whole onion and very little flavor.  The meat dumplings....mystery meat!  Definitely not potstickers.  The search continues, good luck on your visit to this place.
3	The #24 General Tso's chicken, was really good. delivery service was a little slow but the food was pretty good.
4	Price, portion sizes, and taste of the food overall are all really good.  I was a bit hesitant to try this place because they are a "hole in the wall" in an old less than great strip mall, BUT don't let that fool you! The food is definitely worth it.  My only suggestion is they could try to be a little more friendly. If they were more welcoming and seemed like they appreciated your business more, I'd have given 5 stars. Maybe it's a NY thing..
4	This is a typical Chinese take-out place. Given four stars under that pretense. Definitely not PF Chang's but the food is really delicious and not very expensive. I'm stuck in the rut of Chop Suey & Veggie Delight in garlic sauce. The people who work here aren't very friendly but it's take out so they don't really need to be.Will be back for sure!
1	One day I received a menu that was left outside my apartment door so I took a chance and ordered delivery for the first time and was extremely pleased by the quality and the taste of the food so I continued to order on several different occasions until one night, I was told (in a very rude manner) that they would be changing the route soon and would no longer be delivering to my address. About a week later, I called instead of placing my order online to see if they were still delivering to my area and was pleased to hear that they would still be delivering to my address so I happily placed my order over the phone. When the delivery arrived, the same driver from the previous encounter rolled his eyes when he realized that it was me and was rude but I did not engage him. I ordered two more times after this incident over a two month span and my food was delivered by different people who were very courteous, I even offered one of them water because it was so hot out but he refused. It was the most recent experience that will keep me from EVER ordering from this place again. The same guy from previous negative experiences made the delivery this time and as he was swiping my card, he began sighing and rolling his eyes. As he tore the copy of my receipt he waved it in my face and told said "I'm not gonna tell you again, we will not deliver here anymore!" When I advised him that I had called on a previous occasion to confirm this and was told otherwise, he held up my receipt and boldly stated "No one wants to come here for THIS!" and handed me my receipt. I took the receipt, said thank you and closed my door. It's unfortunate that because of this one delivery person, I will no longer be ordering from here again...
5	Been coming here for years.  The BEST pork & broccoli in town.  Not a over priced fancy restaurant but just great food at a very responsible price.Also the pork fried rice is one the best I have ever hadLove this place
5	First time eating food from this place. My daughter and I loved it! Delivery time and service was outstanding! Highly recommend order from this place. (Note: never been to the actual restaurant. )
5	Red Dragon is probably my favorite quick Chinese food in town. I first moved to Phoenix in November 2004 and lived in an apartment at Dobson & Warner. Red Dragon was a place my roommate and I discovered then and continued to use until we moved to another part of town in 2008. Luckily for me, I moved back to that part of town earlier this year. It is maybe a little pricier than other places - $11 for the General Tso chicken and fried rice, but it is worth it. I have never been disappointed and the portions are large enough that I usually split it in half.
4	Large portions, well priced, standard hole in the wall Chinese restaurant. The General Tso's chicken is delicious, so is the chicken with broccoli, and I love how the Mongolian Beef has a little kick to it. The fried rice is so so, but the Egg drop soup and Hot and Sour Soups are quite tasty. I am docking a star, because it is dirty inside of there and the tables are sticky. It's also very small inside of there, with a limited drink selection.However, for I think's 5.75 at lunch, you can get Pork fried rice, a large helping of General Tso's chicken, and your choice of soup. By the time I get done eating lunch I need a siesta, most of the time I can't finish all the food and usually need to get a Monster or something else to stay awake the last half of my day.
4	This place has the best boneless ribs and the sesame chicken . Very friendly and clean . If you want New York style , this place comes very close .. We order every week from here .
5	Food was delicious! Chicken fried rice, chicken and vegetables and crab ragtoon. Wonton soup was delicious as well. Definitely going back
5	I love Red Dragon and have been coming here about 4 years. I have been meaning to write a review this entire time. Food is always good, they never have an "off" night... Quality is consistent. Food is ready quickly, and you get very large portions. They have great lunch specials too (every day of the week). I highly recommend! This is my go-to Chinese spot.
