5	Blu Marble is AWESOME! I cant believe no one has reviewed it yet. Located in the Downtown Container Park they have such a brilliant concept. They have taken alcohol/wine bottles and turned them into vases, cups, flatters, and a few other specialty items. Such an amazing gift idea too. We actually bought a few of their items and made candles out of them for our friends for Christmas. I def suggest checking this place out.
5	A very kewl store in downtown container park. Loved the idea and the concept of this store. Using empty alcohol bottles to make unique glasses and other items as such. They take custom orders which i am excited about. Next time around i am bringing in my collection of empty Vampire Vineyard bottles and having them made into something special :)
5	I give this place 5-stars as their staff was very friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable. They recycle liquor bottles, beer bottles, and corks to create very cool items!  The prices are appropriate and great items for personal use as well as wonderful souvenirs. I didn't get anything this time, but will next time as I am creating a gift list for friends. Definitely check this place out!
5	I was taking this food tour and we walked into this place.  I loved it!!  I've seen the flat bottles before in SF.  It was cool to see it in LV.  They had these shot glasses which I loved.  Love supporting local businesses!
5	What a great concept. Recycling otherwise trash liquor bottles into glasses and other unique jewelry items. We have several pieces and will be getting more. Love their slogan, "What happens in Vegas doesn't have to stay in Vegas." Waited on by Katie and very articulate and knowledgeable about recycling.
5	One of my highlights when going to the Downtown Container Park.  Unique items including jewelry which my girlfriend purchased on our last visit.  I like that you can bring in your own bottle and have them make tumblers or anything else for that matter.  They do awesome work.  It was quick and relatively inexpensive.  They also have many different recycled bottles and other items for purchase.  Katie was very friendly and helpful.  My next project is a cigar ashtray from a Grey Goose vodka bottle. They call it a nut dish but it works both ways.  Love the concept and this store.  Highly recommend a visit when you are downtown.
5	Such a wonderful company with great products! I bought the cutest repurposed necklace there for a friend as a gift. When I flew home the airport crushed my bag and broke nearly everything I had purchased (including the necklace). Jordan from BluMarble was very helpful in helping me purchase a new one and free shipping. GREAT customer service!
