4	You know, coming from a transit system such as York Region Transit, it's hard for a transit system to be as abysmal as that sorry excuse for a transit system.Overall, I like GRT. Many places where you (as a student at least) need to go are easily accessible, with multiple routes that serve that area daily. The Mainline bus runs every 7.5 minutes six days a week, and the 200 iXpress runs every 10-15 minutes most days, which is quite frequent for a serving population of just over 400,000. These two routes get where most students need to go anyway, and even if not the 8, 9, 12, 29, and 201 (all serving student populations) are relatively decent in its frequency as well.The few complaints I have about the transit system is the underwhelming Sunday service (hourly frequencies on many routes when there's demand for more than that), lack of all door boarding on the iXpress (rapid transit) routes, and the lack of articulated buses, which would be of good use for some of the university runs.
5	Grand River Transit (or GRT if you will) is the best general public transportation system in Waterloo Region that is run by the Regional government.  I don't take the bus all the time, but when I do I find it fast and efficient...  Today I took the bus to and from home to work, and the service was punctual and the operators courteous in both directions.  The grt.ca website has an excellent trip planner that takes the guesswork out of when the bus will be there and how long the trip is going to take, it's a handy tool!
5	I really like Grand River Transit, they are really a family to me. I have given many compliments of their staff and operators. I like the iExpress buses and I also like how drivers will take the time to chat with customers and will take the time to address customer service issues politely and professionally. As a recently new citizen of the Region of Waterloo, I am very happy to move to Waterloo Region thanks to the awesome men and women in blue that drive the transit services. One suggestion to GRT is they should sell additional sweaters and coats with the Region of Waterloo logo that the drivers wear. I like the uniforms a lot as well. I find the service is reliable in all directions and they have very frequent buses which is what I like.So, to anyone who takes the GRT, I recommend taking the time to go onto www.grt.ca and provide your compliment or complaints to the staff if you want to provide feedback. Also, some of the riders are extremely friendly.A recommendation to all, please make sure to respect the priority seating on the buses and please move to the complete back when buses are getting full. Also, make sure not to leave your backpacks or things on the empty seats since the seats are designed for people and not for our stuff. Also, please respect all operators and customers. Also, please take time to say hi to the bus drivers when you board the buses, they don't bite. :)
