5	Delicious - so good that we ate there twice within 2 hours! The food is made to order, assembly line style...similar to Subway, Quiznos, etc. - however Harvey's specializes in delicious burgers instead of subs, and it rules!You can't go wrong with whatever you get there. My favorite is the veggie burger (and I'm not a vegetarian) w/ the frings (fries & onion rings mixed together).
5	It's burgers made sub style. Just like at Quizno's you pick what you want on your sub, you get to pick out what you want on your burger! What a concept! They just make the burger fresher!!! This was really good and a Montreal must try! (I'm not sure if they are in the states, but if there are, they should be some near me!)
3	If it were open later than 10:30pm, Harvey's would be the perfect spot for some late night munchies. The drunk crowds of young people and stoners who are marching along Crescent are likely to find the junk food worthy menu just right. Depending on one's sobriety the tasty factor will be somewhere in the middle or magically delicious. Judging by the star rating, it's pretty easy to figure out where I was.For visitors from the states, Harvey's is essentially the Canadian equivalent of A&W. There are the standard fast food versions of burgers, all of which are assembled in plain view. Don't want lettuce or thousand island? Tell them on the spot and they'll build the burger the way you want it to look. Throw in some soggy fries, a small drink, and about $6 CAD, and that's a meal. The burgers, undersized with a skimpy patty, were mediocre as expected.The real allure of Harvey's for me was poutine. It can be had anywhere really, especially those patati or diner joints that specialize in it. But my group and I were hungry and it was a little later, so Harvey's it was. I went for chicken fingers that were actually quite good and an order of poutine for some of the boys to try. The messy mix of cheese curds, gravy, and soggy frites weren't impressive enough for a consensus thumbs up. After trying it myself, I also agreed it was too bland for my liking. Damn those fast food posters for alluring us in.Another bit of fun from Harvey's are the crowds. The later it gets into the night, the nuttier the bunch of patrons become. Curious tourists, tough guy thuggy Canadians, and Quebecois speaking only folks tend to dominate the scene. Most of which are men as well - no ideas on how this came to be. Before anyone accuses me of generalizing, this was based on three separate trips. Yikes - maybe I wasn't sober after all.
1	Um, EWWW!! Whatever they gave me between that bun was definitely not a good burger. Ick!
2	Had Buffalo Chicken sandwich, it was not that bad.   My friend ordered chicken tenders, it was horrible.   Good place for people who had drinking.   Nice environment.
3	One of the best chains I have ever eaten at, but by my rating, this is showing how I hate fast food. It must have been 3 in the afternoon and we just wanted a quick bite, so why not get some fast food? Harvey's has angus burgers, which was really cool. Their burgers have a weird taste, but they are weird in a good way. Unusual, better word. You also get to craft your burger yourself, from a small selection. The angus burgers, for what they were, we're quite good. The poutine was also quite good. Successful chain restaurant, located on busy Peel street.
3	its fast food. not a bad burger joint. better than some other similar fast food joint.service is pretty fast. this place tends to attract homeless people but its ok, its not like they bother you.the staff do look at you weirdly if you barely put any condiments (not toppings). i got weird looks for only putting mustard. i mean, the pickles already give enough flavor, i don't need relish or thousand island dressing or ketchup or mayo.anyway, not bad when they have specials going on
