5	I've purchased a few things here... Magpul Dynamics "Art of the Carbine", a new M-4 stock and several P-mags. I also completed my paperwork and tax stamp for a Noveske SBR through them, I went the trust route. These guys are typically way friendlier than your run of the mill Vegas asshole gun shop and way more knowledgeable! It's very small inside and the selection of products is a little limited so call ahead and ask them to order whatever you need if they don't have it in stock.I don't know all the details but I know they'll build you an AR-15 to your spec and they do quite a bit of work in their shop on AKs. HDI has a positive reputation on several internet firearms forums as well which speaks well for them.
5	Great shop! I bought a Sig Sauer P220 Carry Elite from them. They were so helpful they even contacted Sig Sauer on my behalf about a gun I did not purchase from them. Check out their new retail store Lock & Load Tactical on Eastern and Serene! Bigger space and more guns. Oh no, I feel my wallet getting lighter...
4	At Lock & Load, I went in for a question regarding gun registration in Nevada and I got my straight forward no BS answer and extra advice. The sales associate, Shannon, should teach a class on customer service. He was very attentive & he also gave additional information regarding our concerns.We've been to a couple other gun stores with the same question and was told to go to a NRA website or police station...either they didn't have time for a non-buying customer or didn't care about my question. Yeah maybe I wan't asking the right questions and they knew that I was a rookie regarding guns, but that was shotty service.Lock & Load is A+ service and store.  I will definitely be in their store again. Keep up the good work guys!!!!
5	Lock N Load is very presentable, clean, stocked with everything you need (or can be in shop within a day or 2) and a pleasure to shop at!  EVERYONE is super friendly, knowledgeable and concerned about your needs, regardless of your level of experience.Dave Mosier was my specialist and I could not have been more satisfied with his service & price. Will definitely recommend to anyone! A+++ in EVERY ASPECT of service!
1	There's a lot of bashing (and some defending) of this shop on backpage so I decided to see for myself and pay LnL a visit. Instead of writing a review I will instead copy/paste a copy of the email I sent them after my visit which they never responded to.          I'm not mad and this isn't a complaint but I came to the store last night to look at the CAI C93 and had a question about the warranty, the salesman said the warranty starts at the time of purchase but I heard (youtube) it actually begins from the day CAI ships the firearm. I didn't get to see anything in writing or even handle the firearm so I just left to go home and do more research. I found this (below) on the CAI website, I'm also interested in perhaps the CAI AK-74 and the GLOCK 22 and was thinking if I purchased all three then perhaps we could make a deal. However I did notice your GLOCK'S are considerably more than other shops by about $100.                                      NEW WARRANTY POLICY 2) All firearms/receivers sold as "new", or manufactured/assembled by Century have (1) year repair/replacement warranty from the day the firearm/receiver was shipped from Century's warehouse to thecustomer, unless noted otherwise. Repairs or replacements are determined at Century's discretion.The (1) year period does not start over if a firearm is repaired and reshipped.
3	This is one of the more popular gun stores in town, and for good reason.  They have lots of options and accessories, and they have an indoor shooting range that's quite busy.  I found many of their items for much cheaper at other stores, but hey--if you're in the area, they're a good place to go for your ammo and guns.  I wouldn't drive rom across town for them, though.
5	Ive been in this store numerous times mostly just to browse at their entire stock. they keep everything well organized and well stocked from firearms, ammunition to accessories.friendly and funny group of guys always willing to help you out.store front is small but it is packed full of goodies. i prefer that than a large shop thats lacking gear and supplies.lots of stuff from Magpul here and numerous other accessories for AR's to AK's and also pistols.also they supply suppressors if you were looking at one they can direct you in the right direction.firearms purchase went smooth and fast. in and out with the firearm in 30mins
1	I got an email this morning from a guy encouraging me to revise my (see below) previous poor review of LnL. He claimed to have no dog in the fight but felt my review was unfair enough to take the time to send me an email trying to persuade me to revise my (below) review. I guess he expected me to base my review on his experience with LnL rather then my own, now that just wouldn't be fair. Also, I was a fan of LnL until I actually visited the store. I followed them on Facebook and visited their page daily, I have since deselected the like feature and no longer visit their page. They also seemed okay when I chatted with them at the gun show. However all that changed after one visit to the store, that's what lousy service and ignoring emails can do, we all learned cause and affect by the 3rd grade folks. In their defense they finally answered my email after I left the review claiming it had gone to their spam box. They did apologize for the lousy service and said it was their policy to hand any firearm over to a customer who shows interest in a particular gun.However, they didn't offer any discounts or an incentive for the lousy service and wasting my time on the first visit and even after indicating my intent to purchase maybe three firearms. All this and someone wants me to change my original (below) review to complimentary??? I wish I could leave zero stars!!!ORIGINAL REVIEWThere's been a lot of bashing (and some defending) of this shop on backpage so I decided to see for myself and pay LnL a visit. Instead of writing a review I will instead copy/paste a copy of the email I sent them after my visit which they never responded to.I'm not mad and this isn't a complaint but I came to the store last night to look at the CAI C93 and had a question about the warranty, the salesman said the warranty starts at the time of purchase but I heard (youtube) it actually begins from the day CAI ships the firearm. I didn't get to see anything in writing or even handle the firearm so I just left to go home and do more research. I found this (below) on the CAI website, I'm also interested in perhaps the CAI AK-74 and the GLOCK 22 and was thinking if I purchased all three then perhaps we could make a deal. However I did notice your GLOCK'S are considerably more than other shops by about $100.NEW WARRANTY POLICY2) All firearms/receivers sold as "new", or manufactured/assembled by Century have (1) year repair/replacement warranty from the day the firearm/receiver was shipped from Century's warehouse to thecustomer, unless noted otherwise. Repairs or replacements are determined at Century's discretion.The (1) year period does not start over if a firearm is repaired and reshipped.
2	First and foremost I am not here to bash the business. When I was in the Army I once heard that gun store employees come in two flavors, "Wanna be's" and "know it all's". And this store was no different. The staff of gun salesmen that I encountered there all looked to be about 16 years old. And every time I  asked a question the kid who was helping me either "knew someone who had", "had a police officer friend who uses" or " seen on the internet". Now like I said i'm by no means here to bash the business but I was not impressed by the customer service.  When I go someplace to spend money I would like knowledgable staff. After 10 minutes in the place I got the feeling I was being helped by a guy who had more time playing video games then he did behind the trigger. The gun selection consisted of their house brand AR15 which seemed to be just assembled by the store and not machined by their company. The "tactical" gear they carry is all cheap foreign made low grade knock off stuff that wouldn't last 2 minutes in the military.  They didn't carry any of the 1911s I wanted, but then again after listening to the staff I realized this was just a trendy main stream gun shop. It was like a living breathing forum from AR15.com, just a bunch of rich kid wanna be's playing with their toys. I guess I should have know better considering the fact that this place has a facebook page, which was I was informed by the staff I could follow them online. And the look I received after telling the salesman I did not have a facebook reassured me I was in the presence of amateurs. Not the place to go if your an avid shooter or involved in anything more than shooting cans with your friends on weekends. However if you are, then this place might just suit you. And don't let the name fool you, there is nothing tactical about this place. When I think tactical I think Special Forces or police SWAT team this place was the last thing from anything tactical. I would be surprised to hear if any of the staff has any tactical experience away from video games. The fact that they were polite kept this from being a one star rating.
5	Staff is very helpful!!!!
5	During my recent trip(s) to lock and load I purchased a tri_rail system and two new handgips for my AK. Justin the dude was petty cool and was very helpful. Unfortunately after I went home , I realized that not all the components were all there. I returned today and Drew was a great help when it came to the Atomatik Kalishnakov, he went above and beyond to even install the products I bought free of charge. Kathy on the other hand at the checkout  was a very sour puss and was very pushy and did not have a great sense of humor.  Just kidding Kathy, you were awesome. I used to go to the citadel, but not anymore. This store has grown for the better in the last year I've seen it .Keep up the good work. And no the free poster for every yelp review did not influence my rating
5	Had exactly what I wanted and they were helped me through the process.  And a extra hat!
5	Most gun stores are staffed with douche bag salesmen who make you feel uncomfortable by talking over you and flashing the 4 guns they are wearing on their body.Not here!!!  The guys were really friendly and helpful.  In fact, I went in to buy a new small concealed weapon to replace the Ruger LCP I had.  I liked the new one because it had a laser built into it.  They actually convinced me to stay with my LCP and suggested I buy a Crimson Trace for it.  I was extremely impressed as they could have easily sold me this gun and made a whole lot more money.  Rare to find good honest people these days!  I will be back to buy other guns from them and highly recommend them!!!
5	Always helpful one of my favorite guns shops in town. Have a ton of cool stuff
5	I went into LnL after getting a recommendation from my friend whom is a female correctional officer in Vegas.  I am a rookie when it comes to guns so this was a new experience for me. I've never owned a gun and have spent minimal time shooting in the past. I went in to look at revolvers and pistols as well as ask questions about what type of gun would suit my needs best.  The salesman was very helpful, knowledgeable and patient. He showed me a few guns and explained their functions. Other salesmen nearby chimed in with very helpful tidbits as well. I didn't purchase a gun that day as the salesman gave me very good advice and said that I should go to a shooting range and try out different guns before making up my mind on which gun to purchase. I really appreciated his attention to my needs and recognizing my dilemma on which gun would best suit me.I will be returning to LnL to purchase a handgun very soon. Although I'm a rookie and don't know much about guns, I do know business and I have to say that this store is ran very well.
5	Lock N Load is one squared away shop. Whether you are knowledgeable or a total noob, they won't blow smoke up your @$$, spread "gun store" myths, or try and sell you on something that won't do what you need it to.I've been to every store in the valley, good and bad. They are friendly, helpful, and won't talk down to you.If you are woman looking for self defense, they won't just shove some .32 cal pink toy in your hand and tell you to buy this, they will assess your skill needs and desires.Want an AR, Lock N Load isn't in the business of pawning off some inferior rifle, with crappy Chinese parts and charging you top dollar. Hammer forged, chrome lined, "F" height, with feed ramps and proper staking all the way. Don't know what that means? No worries, they will show you. They have the fun novelty stuff too, zombie targets, mare's legs, morale patches, and more. Don't see what you need? Ask them, they can usually order it.This is a store by shooters for shooters. They don't treat CCW like criminals. They don't have piles of counterfeit stuff covering their counter tops like some "survival" stores. This place is in "Prestige Mode", always.
5	I am a female with very limited experience with firearms.  My salesperson treated me with respect and made me very comfortable with my gun purchasing experience.  I also appreciated the fact that they have a wide selection of pink "girly" guns.
4	Nice store, well organized and a wide range of Firearms and tactical gear. Very helpful staff. These guys had a very specific piece of equipment that we had a hard time finding (BladeTech Holster for a Glock17 with a dedicated x300 LED).Kudos to Reed for answering all our questions. I'll give these guys my business when we're back at Frontsight. Spread the word.
1	I'm sad. I'm sad I recommended this place to friends. I'm sad I referred them to be talked to the way they did. Looking for a discount on 2 Daniel def AR15s. They were priced 1499.00 each. Everywhere else in town they are 1300 to 1379. We asked why and we're givin a long run around. When my friend decided he still wanted it they said it was 1799 now300 more then it was just 5 days ago. When we questioned that he said it was a mandatory price increase from the manufacture. 6%. Sorry but basic math is not 300 bucks in my book.  With that said Tony said I'm just a manager and got bent. We left I won't ever be back. It saddens me. It truly does.
5	I was a customer of American Shooters for a long time prior to this place opening up.  I am glad it did.  It is right down the street and the gun selection is superb.  They also have good deals on equipment and ammo, not to mention their guns can sometimes be $200-$300 cheaper than some other shops in the valley.  All of the staff is very helpful, and they do not treat you with respect and not some pion.  I have not had a negative experience here, and I look forward to making any future firearms purchases with them.
1	I went in and needed something for work for the next day. They didn't carry it and I asked the sales associate if there was anywhere nearby that might carry it, and he refused to help me out. He said," I'm not at liberty to tell you another stores name." we'll I'll never go there again. And I went to American shooters and found they were cheaper, had a better selection and appreciated customers.
1	The guys there are expensive and they refuse to price match. Honestly you can't build customer loyalty with a business like that. There are other places that offer more knowledge at less cost that equals a better customer satisfaction. They lost a gun sale that day.
5	Ever since my first visit to Lock N Load, i have had nothing but great service. I have walked into a place called "The Gun Store" 3 times and have never once been asked if I needed help. I have never gotten more then 3 feet into Lock N Load with out someone saying "hello, may we help you". Every gun I've wanted they have had and they have even given me a fair price for my used gun as a trade in. Thanks Lock N load for the great service and awesome selection.
4	went to go look for some shirts i was told that was on sale. didnt have them but the guy who was helping me was really friendly and helped me look around for them. they have a nice selection of firearms and gear. even the people leaving remarked that the same guy that helped me was really friendly.
5	as a  marine veteran i went in to purchase a rifle and was treated really good and was impressed with the customer service.i am now looking for a 22 cal pistol to train my wife on gun safety and how to fire one.i did buy the rifle i was looking for from them and now thinking about purchasing the pistol Gary M
5	Very friendly, very helpful people. I dealt with Craig, Dani and Megan. Craig didn't just say, "Oh we don't have those" - he said, "Let me look to be sure" and he found the part that I needed. Dani and Megan handled the payment with very friendly attitudes start to finish. I will go to Lock N Load again and I will recommend them highly. Good store good people.
5	the best gun shop ever....nuff said
4	cool store with nice friendly helpful people.  It helps they don't price gouge you either like that guy on blue Diamond....Range..bla bla
5	Nice store with tactical gear and firearms
4	Can't comment in price but the staff is super friendly, knowledgable and most importantly helpful. Just moved to town and they gave me a quick run down on Vegas and Henderson gun regs and laws. They seem to have a great selection and had no problem sending me to a competitors range because, they have good prices and times and you can shoot your own gun and ammo. Talk about not trying to screw a new resident. Great staff!
4	Firearm transfer fee is $30 per firearm. So if you buy 10 AR-15 stripped lowers from Brownells and have them all transferred through Lock N Load, you will pay $300 in transfer fees. I just learned this the hard way.Other than that, the staff is friendly and the selection is good. Most of the firearms they stock are quality so you don't have to worry about them trying to sell you something that's crap at too high a price just because the margins are better. They make their money like a respectable gun store: charging MSRP on ammo and tactical nylon gear. Which I can't hold against them, because they're charging reasonable prices on the guns and they have to keep the doors open somehow.
1	I have a couple of rifles I want to purchase & after doing some investigating, I found the best pricing on them online.  When you buy online, you need to have it shipped to an FFL (Federal Firearms License ) dealer which Lock N Load is. L N L have a genius policy in place where they refuse to do an FFL transfer if they happen to have the same gun you want transferred in stock. If they had better prices, or matched prices I wouldn't be shopping online as I prefer to buy local.For instance, an S&W M&P 15-22 MOE goes for $650 (add tax to that) at L N L versus $531 (no tax) shipped anywhere nationwide from a well known online gun store. Looking at accessories & extra magazines, their prices were high as well. $35 for magazines I have found for $21 online. I guess they figure they make enough money off of people with their higher prices, that they don't need to do FFL transfers to bring in any extra cash. I won't be dealing with this store & plan on telling my shooting buddies to avoid them as well.Also, when I was at Lock N Load, the only other customer in the store walked out upset. I don't know all the details but overheard something about someone giving him information over the phone only to be told whatever was told to him on the phone wasn't true in person. His last words were "Hey, I'm just trying to build a relationship with somebody." He followed my lead to exit seconds afterwards. Looks like they managed to lose 2 customers in a matter of less than a minute.No worries, I have actually found a place up the road that will transfer up to 3 firearms for only $20 regardless if they have it in stock or not. I highly recommend dealing with Mike at Davidson's Firearms in Anthem.He was very helpful over the phone as well as when I went in to the store for my first time. I asked him if he could order a Sig Sauer 516 Patrol Gen 2 AR. He said he could but was honest about not having any idea on how long it would take to get & actually recommended I go ahead & order it through Buds since they currently had it in stock.Lock N Load seems to be the place where the inexperience shooter with too much money & not enough time to do some research can go to be taken advantage of. I'd rather save my hard earned money for hard hitting ammo.
2	Lock N Load seems to be over priced. Whenever I purchase any firearm I do my homework, shop around and find the best deal. Lock N Load has never even been in the top 3 options. I have experienced the full range of employees at LNL as well, from that "gun store commando" attitude, all the way to really great service. It seems like they have one great advantage going for them, location!! With only one other gun store up the hill on Eastern, LNL seem to have the prime location being the first one off the 215.
5	I bought my first gun from Lock N Load.  I didn't really know too much about guns, and they really could have taken advantage of me and I wouldn't have known any better.  I got a great deal.  I just wanted to say I had a great experience at L N L.  The sales clerk, Justin, really took his time with me to answer all my questions.  Made the whole experience very informative and easy.  I would recommend L N L to anyone looking to buy a gun!
5	Where to start?First off, Andrew is the Store Manager, and there isn't a better person to run that store other then him. I purchased my first AR today, and after doing COUNTLESS hours of research on the internet, and asking every person in town, I ended up at lock n load. Its close to where I work, so I happen to stop in.However lets go over what most people care about. Before I even mention anything about the exceptional customer service provided. Here is what I bought. AR-15 Daniel Defense V7/LW Final price out the door 1175.00Including: 1 Magazine, Case, Vertical Hand Grip.Don't try finding it online, I did, that is the absolute lowest price online or local. (11-29-2013)Even adding in the tax, the total comes out to 1273.00. Online the best price I was able to find on a auction site was. 1217.00Gun+25FFL Transfer Fee+25-35 Shipping+25 Background=1292/1302.00Then I needed Ammo, guess how much they charged. 0.44 Cents a Round NATO 5.56 (Not .223), Tax Included in price paid.! (Quality Ammo as well)Best price on line 0.47 Cents a round and waiting 3-5 business days for ground shipping. Conclusion On Products, Find a place that can give a better price, I promise you won't. I drove around town, called around town, looked online for countless hours. Trust me, I will be a returning loyal customer!Now lets go over the customer service!First, when you get there ask for Andrew! Guy is insanely smart about every detail on any gun. I spent 4 hours there with in in the shop, during one of the busiest shopping days black Friday, while the store was packed, he devoted him time to me. Answered every question that I had, which there was many of them. Showed me how to exactly clean the gun, on every single part, and let me tare it down, and put it back together. Several times, until I was comfortable with it. Then after we got done learning the basics of the gun. He then broke it down again, fully lube it up, showed me where to lube it up, and put it back together where it was ready to fire at the range. He used greaser, lube and all was at no cost either. The service was just 2nd to none. There was no rush, no question was stupid, not at any time did I feel like I was bothering him, or making it an inconvenience! He took his time to answer any question.I could go on and on all night about his service, but the only way to sum it up. The guy is a freaking rockstar in guns! And has had some of the best training! If you go to Lock n Load, ask for Andrew, he works 8 days a week. (Ya, he's there that much)
1	Goofball gun store! Employees have very little knowledge. Find a qualified knowledgable gun advisor some place else....this place is a joke!
1	Bought a set of medium priced ear protection, used them 5 times Had the original packing, and store receipt dated the end of August. 2013The set has an amplifier and it stopped working. I was greeted at the register and was told I can either have my money back or put it towards a replacement, as I was looking at the other headsets......the sales associate came back and told me the boss said that they do not carry it any longer and will not accept it back, even for an exchange........ So because they sold some piece of crap and realized that they were....now that one is coming back with all packaging and receipt.... good luck to you and try to find the company made in China by yourself.That is the last time I will be shopping in Lock n' Load
5	Good local gun shop with some staff that know how to treat customers and have actual knowledge anbout firearms. I've purchaced 1 AR lower complete for a good price and 1 Mosin Nagant 91/30 for cheap. As well as plenty of P-Mags for reasonable prices.
1	Spend your money else where these guys are a joke and don't know the first thing about customer service. Not only do they ignore your questions in the store they will not respond to  their emails either. Maybe the boss man hiding behind the wall should get up off his #*? Instead of yelling I'm not gonna sell that gun at that price when price was never the issue. I just wanted to know if you could order the gun that your worthless web site said you had in stock! just like I said spend your hard earned money some where else.
3	These guys are okay. They have a few guys that work there pretty arrogant typical "i know it all gun guys".  I bought two firearms from them already. One very expensive 308. I go there the second time the guy who sold it to me had the nerve to tell me that  he would prefer a another brand than the one I bought. Made it sound that colt is Junk. He sure didn't have a problem selling it to me that day.  Just beware this is not your neighborhood gun store.
4	This is a great place to get gear. The guys are friendly and knowledgable. If they don't know something they will ask each other and find out instead of trying to dazzle you with BS. I would have given them 5 stars of their ammo was cheaper.
1	I've been to lock n load 4 times, each time telling myself to "give it one more chance",  my last experience solidified my decision to never go back.  It seems every time I go in, there are several people working...okay, standing, behind the counter, some will be helping a customer, some will be talking amongst themselves, but without question none ever acknowledges when a new customer comes in the store.  The staff is hit and miss on being knowledgeable about the items in the store as well as in answering questions I've had. The store does have a lot of merchandise, almost too much...it is cluttered and hard to move around if there are more than 4 or 5 people shopping.  In addition to not saying, "hello, welcome, screw you...whatever", if everyone is "busy" it takes several minutes for anyone to ask if you've been helped, or to simply say, "sorry for the wait, we'll be right with you".  I've stood at the counter to pay for targets and pepper spray for 5 minutes before someone noticed I wanted to check out...the last thing that happened was downright rude however, I was on my way out of town and needed some 380 for range shooting after about 5 minutes of standing at the counter waiting, a young guy was walking past and I was able to get his attention before he went back to BS'ing with the lone female employee.  I asked if he had any 380 auto for range shooting, he walked over to the section where they were at looked in for a second our two, pulled out a box of hollow points and said, "nope all we have are hollow points", he set the box down on the counter and told me the price.  I asked if there was any chance they had any range ammo in the back.  He never said, "let me take a look"...just "this is all we've got".  I figured since most small businesses know their competition that he might have an idea of where I could find someone near by that might be able to accommodate my needs.  He looked at me with a bit of a smirk and said, "I don't, but that smart phone you've got in your hand will probably be able to help you out".Had he sent me somewhere else, I would have appreciated the assistance and probably returned.  His insulting suggestion has however convinced me I will never return.  I probably should be somewhat thankful though, his suggestion led me to a gun shop down the street on Eastern and Warm Springs, where I was greeted in a friendly manner, in a non cluttered store, who actually had what I needed at a good price.  I would not recommend this store to anyone that doesn't have a lot of patience or other options
2	I hate to give bad reviews but the salesman really worked my nerves, so here I am posting.First off, the store is great. Good selections and competitive pricing even with online stores that I have seen.I don't recall the salesman name, just remember that he was the only Asian guy working that day. Either he had something against me or he flat out is worst salesman ever (whatever the case, he really needs a new career change), you just don't flat out act like an a-hole to a customer.  Especially someone new to the AR gun world.  Every question that I asked from grip styles to safety switches i received a condescending reply.  I need his crappy attitude.  Again, I did like the store, so I do plan on returning.  But I will be avoiding this sales rep like the plague!
5	This store is awesome !!! All the people are cool and they really know what they do and they are nice !!! And... They have great collections , from guns and partz anddd accessories , wait ammo too !!! For sure will come back !!!
4	Lock N Load Tactical located in Henderson is a well organized and friendly gun store. The staff here are very friendly and always willing to help. I came in here looking for a Glock 26 in FDE which they just so happened to have. The sales person was very friendly and offered me a chance to check it out. He was very informative and answered all my questions that I had. Even though I ended up not purchasing the firearm due to me not thinking that the grip was comfortable for something I would conceal carry, the sales person was still nice and offered me other options to look at. I didn't purchase a firearm that day, just a mission first tactical stock for one of my AR builds, but I assure you that I would purchase a firearm from them in the future.Tip: Add these guys on facebook since they often advertise their in store deals.
1	I came in and bought a gun here on Saturday and had a horrible experience with the "salesperson".  I came here because I am from Cali and my friend bought here and I was in the area so thought I'd just make the purchase since I had been meaning to for weeks.  Now everyone else seemed to have a good attitude but this guy made me want to turn around and just go buy somewhere else (which I could have done for the same price), but since I was here I just thought I'll just get in and get out; and never come back.  This guy was very easy to notice: 110 LB asian teenager, who acts like he was in law enforcement and even says so when that cannot actually be true, or if it is someone must have F-ed up really bad to now not be LEO. Any question I had he would say "well I cant tell you" or "well it depends on you" or "you should go try more guns".  SERIOUSLY?? Dude your a salesman and when someone walks in and says they're ready to buy you should probably pounce on that and not try and talk them out of what they have already decided and tell them to leave and "do more research"in a condescending way.  This guy was a Grade A.... A-hole and I have no idea how a shop owner would allow this little punk to work in his store.  I will never come back here; unless management lets me know he has been fired.  Other than that; you can find these prices and selections, and not have attitude thrown your way at any other store.  On top of this, I am just noticing that other people have already had this experience with the same punk. SMH Lock N Load...SMH
5	Came here to pick up my firearm for concealed carry. Jimmy was very helpful and explained everything thoroughly. The process was fast and easy. I was in and out in less than half an hour. Competitive prices on firearms even when compared to online dealers.
4	Had a great buying experience here today. They made my purchase of a Smith & Wesson M&P quick & easy,unlike at the gun show.Thanks for the great price & the laughs,I will return.
