4	I like the 50's style restaurants, for some weird reason.  The drive in feature is what actually got me hooked, along with the car hop people that come out with your food.  Yes, I know its fast food.  I can't help it.  Sometimes, a girls gotta indulge, ya know?When you pull up, theres parking spaces with a menu per parking spot.  You have time to sit and review in your car while you decide what it is that you want.  No pressure waiting in line at a drive thru, espcially if your not sure what you want.I come here mostly for the drinks during happy hour.  Their half off, and a 44 ounce slush lasts me the rest of the day.   They really do have awesome drinks here, and every day between 2-4 you can do happy hour.  Thats why I come here.  I also think too that they have half priced burgers after 5pm!
4	So like the other reviewer said, I also really love 50's-esque restaurants, so of course that's what originally drew me in to Sonic. I love the drive in and everything is reasonably priced and of course eating in my car with my friends with the windows down when its nice outside is fun!I mostly come in for Hot Fudge Sundaes when I have the craving and they're always so yummy. Also whenever my boyfriend and I have done the drive through they've been speedy!
3	I've only had one bad experience here among the multiple times I've patronized this establishment. The bad experience turned worse after I submitted an online complaint and the manager left a sarcastic voicemail in response to my online complaint. Boooo! If my order and service wasn't so bad during that visit I wouldn't have had a reason to complain!
1	I come to this Sonics everytime I need a cool drink. My last visit was awful, 2 drinks took 20 minutes to make and by the time I got my Lemonberry cream slush I discovered it was just flavored water and my girlfriends Nerds Slush was also just flavored water neither were cool. Rung the button again and they remade both our drinks this time mine came correctly but my girlfriends was now 50% more slush but mostly water. I gave up at that point as I didn't want to wait another 20 mins for them to remake 1 drink I went home and crushed iced and added it to her drink she was happy I was less than thrilled with Sonics that nightI don't know if I'll be able to keep going here if this keeps up. I do love the Lemonberry slush though :/
4	Maybe I had not eaten Sonic in a long time...maybe it was a full moon...IDK!? However, they get 4 stars from me. The food was fast and fresh, exactly how it should be! The young man who brought it was SOOOOOOOO polite....my friend ran back in and gave him a tip in front of his manager...btw....how strange is it to walk into a Sonic!? So weird....nonetheless...great all around that night.
3	Love the drinks! While I'm not a huge fan of the food, I really like the tots and the drinks here. They have a lot of cool flavors and at good prices, and this location is very fast
5	Best place to go for your happy hour drinks! Nerds Slushes are awesome, Employees are always have great attitudes, makes me want to always go back.
3	Went to Sonic off of Arizona Ave in  Chandler Az. We ordered 2 hotdogs tots grilled chicken sandwich. They were very good at taking our order. We got our food at the parking space in less than 5 min. Hot dogs were good and chicken was ok..Food was a C+ .Service... A... Sitting in car to eat was awkward . Had to get out of car to thru trash away.... next time we will do a drive thru.. we noticed most people do that.... Nice Sonic location
5	This is a great location, with great customer service. The food is exactly what you should expect from Sonic, and very consistent, as are the beverages. Their outdoor seating is usually not occupied, so it's a great and cheap place to just swing by and grab some food and chill out for a few.
