5	John Armond is a total professional. He trains you to be a "working" actor. His training is with the great Stella Adler herself and he wants to pass his knowledge on to you. Before I moved to LA, I use to be excited every week to attend his class. His passion for the craft rubs off on you and makes you want to be a better actor. He is by far the best and most legite coach in Nevada. Edit Remove
5	Since joining with John Armond in February, I have grown exponentially as an actor! His wisdom in the practical and business sides of acting have been priceless. John is firm, yet he knows how to bring the best out of you. He is the finest coach in Las Vegas, and I recommend him to anyone who is looking to perfect their craft!
5	I started working with John back in January of this year. John is a TRUE professional when it comes to ALL aspects of acting - both in developing and honing your craft as well as the all important business side of things. I have made huge strides in my short time with John. Not only has my skill set blossomed as an actor but I have made discovery after discovery as to where both my strengths and weaknesses lie. This in turn has taken my confidence as an actor to a level I've never been to before. John's focus is to prepare you to become a working actor. He will bring the best out of anyone who has a true passion for acting. I highly, highly recommend John as a drama coach for anyone who wants to develop and grow their craft.....
5	I have done John's workshop for two years now. He has taught me so much. He is not like any other acting coach I have worked with. He tells you what to expect, and how the business actually is because he has been there. He is very professional, and takes his time for each individual in his workshop. He has helped me come out of my shell, and show me the skills I know I have but was too afraid to show to others. He is very honest and helpful at the same time. Shows you what your strengths and weaknesses are. He is the only coach I have stayed and will continue to stay in touch with. He really truly cares about ones who have this talent. He isn't out for the money. He wants to see people succeed, and will give them the tools to help them get there.
1	The sessions are not very well organized.  I didn't find the classes helpful. Maybe works for beginners or hobbyist but for the seasoned and talented actor whose looking to advance it really isn't advantageous. Also because the classes aren't structured well you pay for classes and show up prepared with your scene and don't get a chance to actually participate in the class which is the worst because you've not only spent a week learning your script you've also paid for the class and left without any growth.I tried it for a while but am no longer a student.
5	I started studying with John 14 years ago, and I always come back to him.  John is not only incredibly knowledgeable, he is also eager to share that knowledge with his students.  He takes the time to help each student with their individual needs, focusing on their strengths and weaknesses.  He wants each student to be a great actor who understands the business aspect and the reality of it.  He is passionate and spends hours during the week talking on the phone with his students who want to discuss what they saw or did during class, who have questions about their talent or about the business, etc.  At the same time, he will not beg you to get up.  It is a big class, and he favors the students who are "pushy."  If you come prepared and you make it known to him that you are not only ready to go but that you WANT to go, he will get you up.  There is something to be learned every week, whether you are a beginner or advanced.  There is no better class in Las Vegas, and there is no better acting coach in Las Vegas either.
