4	I've only had the calzones, but I've liked them well enough to eat there twice in two weeks, so that says something. The menu is extensive (I wonder if they're trying to do too much) and you can buy pizza by the slice, which makes this a viable option for lunch. They still seem to be having some growing pains, so service can be slow, but the folks who work there are very pleasant and friendly. The only thing that's missing, IMO, is garlic knots--they are something that I always think of when I think "east coast pizza," and I can't get them anywhere in Champaign.
5	Because I've just gone on lunch break so far, I've stuck to pizza by the slice, and its great. Some of my favorite so far in this area. Nice simple, clean, fresh flavors, and when you bite into the crispness of the crust, you get a nice roasty, wheaty aroma.One oddity was that I think they put some of the toppings, like basil, on after the pizza is baked, which I haven't seen before. It does work out well, since some toppings do burn pretty easily, and it is kind of an interesting contrast having both fresh and baked flavors together, but I'm not sure I'm a convert.The staff has been pretty good; they seem happy.
5	We just had this delivered last night.  I thought the pizza was great and I loved the Arugula salad.  I would suggest skipping the garlic bread, though, at least for delivery.  It didn't make the trip very well.The woman who took my order was very nice.  The delivery came fast, and the delivery guy was very nice.  I liked a lot, Vinny's and Amano's are now my two favorites in town!
1	The only thing this place has in common with east coast pizza is that it has something resembling cheese, dough, and sauce. Please do not call a pizza "east coast" or "NY" style just because it's thin.Having grown up and spent most of my life in NJ/NY area, I've had my fair share of good pizzas. This place does not even remotely compare to anything in NY.The crust was not cooked at all. The sauce had no taste. The cheese was burnt, and it was not fresh mozzarella. You could taste the chlorine from the water in the dough.There are plenty of decent NY pizza places in the Chicago area (e.g. Cafe Luigi). Sadly, there is nothing even resembling good quality pizza in the Champaign/Urbana area, this is including Papa Del's or Antonio's. I'd save my money and eat at home.
2	I ordered a small Philly Cheesesteak pizza. There was absolutely no sauce and the cheesesteak was a little dry. I could have sprinkled some cheese on a piece of cardboard and had more flavor.May try again if they are still around - but I wasn't impressed. Next time I want a Philly Cheesesteak pizza I'll order it from Dominos (which isn't saying a whole lot).
5	Vinny's just keeps getting better. On my first visit I was pleased, but thought that the cheese pizza I had wasn't quite as light or crisp as I liked.  But every te I've gone back it's gotten better.  Tonight I had a pepperoni pizza that had a perfectly thin, crisp and chewy crust. @Nanette the variety on themenu is what I'd expect from Phila. area pizza joints. I've also tried the Chicken Parm sandwich, which was OK mainly because the rolls.  If they'd import some good Amaroso rolls like Fat Sandwich does it would be perfect.
1	I reviewed Vinny's previously and gave it 5 stars but I had to take that review down and write an update.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza to go.  The price was right.  It was only $8.25.  However, I couldn't eat it.  It was awful.  I don't know what happened but the cheese was runny and the crust was doughy.  My kids wouldn't eat it either.  We had to throw it out.  It's like I just threw $8.25 out the window.  I doubt I go back.
3	As cheap pizza joints go, this was "A-OK" as Yelp suggests is meant by 3 stars.  Our party of four did the dine-in experience, which probably put us in a minority, as the place appeared to have a brisk carry-out business on this rainy Sunday night.  The house salad at $4.52 was chopped iceberg and lousy tomatoes (but in November all tomatoes are lousy).  Its not a place to get a salad unless the pizza-guilt is overwhelming.The we had two medium pizzas, each with two ingredients and just tap water to drink which totaled $29.  Later we had second thoughts and added a cheese only pizza, also a medium which was another $7.  It was more than enough food for four people, so we brought home at least a whole pizza and the total expenditure was $9/per person.The pizza was piping hot because we dined in.  Its not Brooklyn or New Jersey, but it was not the cardboard horror that is sold at Dominos, et al.We wanted to eat there so we were offered paper plates that were the cheapest thinnest paper plates that can be bought.  I'd spruce up the dine-in experience if I owned the joint, but the workers were all very friendly, the service was quick and the price was right.  If I was chained (with a long chain) to a tree in Hessel Park, I'd choose Vinny's over Monicals every time.  At least in Vinny's the owner/operator appeared to be an Italian and the salad wasn't buried under a pile of shredded American cheese in the manner of Monicals.The Vinny's pizza is cut into triangular wedges as a pizza should be, and lends itself to folding and eating sandwich style as would be done in NY/NJ.It appears the place is well situated for the high school lunch crowd as the menu suggests pizza by the slice during weekday lunchtime.
3	My wife and I had supper here a few weeks ago. On the whole, we enjoyed our meal and will eat there again.My wife had the Caesar salad (mixed romaine and other lettuce (?), good dressing a bit heavy on the mustard, and lots of croutons). She liked it. I'm a bit more particular (some might say peculiar) about my Caesar salads.We had the tomato basil mozzarella pizza with onions and sausage. The sauce was a bit on the strong side. Overall, it had good flavor, and a very nice crisp and chewy crust. But why was it not steaming hot from the oven? Was it sitting on a shelf somewhere waiting to be served to us? The place was practically empty, though they seemed to be doing a fair amount of take-out and delivery business.I ordered the meatball appetizer to go (for a lunch sandwich later in the week), which turned out to be a really good choice.Fountain drink refills are 50 cents.
4	Vinny's has a creative, diverse menu that is a great value. They have a new free membership incentive, where you can get discounts and good deals. I know there's one special when you can get a 12" pizza for $2.50! The calzones are amazing; I also enjoy just plain cheese pizza, too. The owner is extremely friendly- the other night we were waiting for our order and we talked with him the whole time.Beware of the strange parking lot!Oh, and to Thomas. B- the owner is not Italian, he's Egyptian.
5	They serve some tasty pie here!  I would call it NY style.  Pizza-nazis might disagree.Reasons I like Vinny's - Pizza by the slice.  You can get staples like cheese or sausage everyday but more exotic toppings are change daily.   Reasonable prices.  Looks like they did away with the $2.50 medium on Monday afternoons.  That was an absolute steal, and gives you an indication of the value Vinny's gives customers.Lots of choices on the menu, and everything my lady and I have tried has been good, some pretty great.   Pizza, sliders, and fresh salads (that come with garlic bread) are all unregrettable choices.Decent italian beef.  And around here, decent is pretty good IMO.  I'm accustomed to Johnnie's in the Chicago suburbs, and that's the best beef I've had anywhere.  Vinny's isn't in the same league, but it's pretty good in comparison to local competitors.Bottom line, Vinny's is a very good (more than) pizza joint to begin with, but the icing on the cake is that the owner and staff are just nice people.  I'd certainly rather put my money in their pocket than any other pizza place in town, where the pie isn't nearly as good or fresh anyway (I'm looking at you, Za's!)
4	We've ordered delivery from Vinny's a few times and it's always been pretty good. Their thin crust pizza is maybe the best around and the calzones are good too, especially with the ricotta cheese. Delivery is prompt and the food's hot, though we don't live too far away. The barbecue chicken and bacon pizza is surprisingly attractive, a well-done variation on the theme.
1	We ordered 2 pizzas delivery. The pizzas were bland, flavorless, and tasted more of the cardboard box then anything else. It was, quite possibly, the WORST pizza I have ever had....   Frozen pizza is better! Don't waste your money!
4	I went to Vinny's to for the first time today and I overall enjoyed it. I had the mushroom pizza by the slice which was overall pretty cheap and with a bottled water, my meal was $4 in total. Thats not to bad considering how big the slice is. I will definately be going there again to try out other items on thier menu.
5	I love Vinny's.  I am from the east coast and think it definitely what I brought up eating.  They're really quick and the pizzas are delicious.  So are the boneless wings.  The pizzas aren't as good if you load them up with stuff...I would recommend just a couple of toppings.  They're the only place I order from now, and I'm really picky.
1	I was looking forward to a slice of NY style pizza. Unfortunately, I was completely disappointed. When I opened the box, I found an unappealing pizza. I had ordered sausage and red bell peppers. The peppers were so thinly sliced I didn't see them at first. The sausages were black. The crust tasted like cardboard, and the sauce was super salty. The cheese was of low quality and reminded me of glue. I've even had better sausage on a frozen pizza. The last straw was the short hair I found. I ended up tossing it. What a waste of $20.
4	For Vinny's, a haiku:I adore Vinny's.Yummy, cheesy pizza slice.Now let's have Jarling's.My friends and I go to Vinny's for a group lunch just about every other Friday. The staff is FANTASTIC - always friendly, easy to chat with, fast and accurate. The restaurant is kept clean, napkins stocked, etc. We usually have 6-8 people, and there's almost always ample seating for the entire group. Pizza by the slice is a great deal, as the slices are huuuge and delicious. The plain cheese slice is a basic done right, and I adore the chicken-bacon-ranch monstrosity available on Fridays. They now offer certain slices with the Sicilian-style crust, which is great if you like fluffy-crust pizza. I would rather have their NY-style - a perfect level of crispness. Mmmm. Vinny's also has sliders, sandwiches and salads, but these seem to take slightly longer than pizza by the slice.  The prices are certainly reasonable, as well: four slices and a drink (two slices per person) comes to $12 and change.
4	Vinny's pizza is good.  I would definitely say it's better then most in the Champaign-Urbana area, especially if you are looking for a New York Style pizza.  They always seem to be offering great deals as well.  The staff is always super attentive to make sure you are getting the best deal possible as well.  I went in once to order a large pizza to go, and the staff said that on this particular day, we could get an extra large pizza for the same price.  Score.  Another day we were able to score two large pizzas for the price of one.  It seems Vinny's holds really awesome deals like this on every day of the week (A different deal each day) so it's definitely worth checking out just because of some of the awesome deals they have on food.I will definitely be eating here again.  It may not be extremely good pizza, but its good pizza and definitely makes my stomach happy.
5	Best white pizza in town!Other pizza is great, too. The crust is what pizza is SUPPOSED to taste like, not oily bread like other places in town.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. They have great pizza by the slice, but they also have salads, sandwiches, calzones, I think wings, and other stuff that I haven't even tried yet! I just can't tear myself away from the pizza. :-) You can also get whole pizzas of course but 1 or 2 of the big slices can be enough. Some of the best pizza in town is here and it is a refreshing departure from the super thick crust Chicago style pizza that every single other place in IL seems to promote exclusively. Pizza can be thin, guys! Ever been to Italy? :-) Definitely worth a visit.
3	They take ALL competitor coupons..so if you see a Large at Dominos for $5...they take it...what does that mean?  Well if you want something other than those fast-pizza chain places this will suit you just fine....Is it the best pizza?  No, Papa Del's gets that award, especially for their amazing deep dish, but for a game-day pizza where you're gonna have a bunch of people and maybe some beer, Vinny's works pretty well.  It tastes good too, which is always a plus.
2	Spoke too soon.  Had another calzone there and it was awful.  Obvious canned mushrooms, bland taste, etc.  The "Sicilian" cheese pizza was also terrible.  Big on dough and short on toppings.  Not like the Sicilian pizza from where?  Say it with me: The East Coast.East Coast Pizza??  Where on the east coast?  Florida?  I marvel at how many pizza and sandwich places claim to be "East Coast."  I was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY (thank heaven) and experienced Brooklyn pizza or East Coast pizza.  This isn't it.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't bad pizza and the calzones are quite good, but when a business makes claims to being "East Coast," it sets the bar higher.  The crust on this was good and the toppings decent if taken simply as midwest pizza.  Hey, I'm not being snobbish about Brooklyn pizza.  Brooklyn can't make BBQ like Texas or Kansas City or make a Muffaletta like New Orleans or crab cakes like on the Chesapeake.  But they can make an awesome pizza.  The closest I came to New York pizza here in C-U was Antonios before it mysteriously closed down.  Vinny's is pretty good pizza, so give it a try, but don't for a moment think that this is East Coast pizza if the implication is New York style. Take it from The Godfather.
5	I have only had their pan pizzas and I love them!  If you like a crusty crust on the outside and a spongy crust in the inside, you will like their pizza.  The sauce is great too.  When I order online, sometimes they get the order wrong (like the wrong olives, or requesting 1/2 the normal cheese), but that only happened twice out of the numerous times I ordered there.  For a while I was going there so many times they knew my order.  Give this place a try and support the little local guy.
1	It was awful!  Cold pizza, the wings were not good either and it was $39 for a large one topping, two liter of soda and 8 wings, so pricey as well.  I ordered it at 4:45 and it was delivered at 6:19.  I will not spend money here again!
5	The pizza here is the best and just keeps getting better. Great crust. Full of great ingredients.
3	I've always wanted to try this place and last night I finally did.   My 3yr old son was demanding pizza and our options were limited in this area.   I, personally, have had it with cracker-crusts (aka Monicals, Jupiters, etc) and knew that a 3yr old and 7month old baby would not tolerate a 60minute wait for Papa Del's.  Jet's was a possibility, but they don't have indoor seating and we'd be relegated to eating pizza in the van.   So this is what came up on Yelp.   This pizza place is smack in between Seaboat and Jarlings.  So I knew if the pizza was a complete disaster, we'd at least have a good ice cream dessert afterwards!   Vinny's has a small/medium sized dining area.   They have a HUGE menu -- tons of pizza options (make your own, hawaiian, gyro, cheeseburger, mexican, BBQ chicken, and any other combination you can think of).  They have calzones, salads, appetizers, wings, slices (they roll out new slices every two hours and each day they pick about 10 different varieties to make).  The prices are reasonable.... we ordered a large supreme pizza (pepperoni, mushroom, sausage, peppers, onions), along with a bottle of rootbeer and an apple juice -- came to $22.   The pizza came out within about 10 minutes.   My toddler son was happy.   For NY style, it definitely wouldn't fly in NYC.  Not a chance.  But here, in Champaign.... it's not bad.   There's no char on the bottom of the pizza.... the crust is thin, chewy, crunchy and foldable.  The bottom is covered in cornmeal if I'm not mistaken....  The toppings were ok -- generous.   But past that.... it was ok.   I still think the best NY style pizza is Manalo's over by Krannert.  Nothing to write home about, but at least it wasn't a cracker crust!  And yes, we went over to Jarling's for dessert!
5	This is the best Pizza I have had since high school!Giant slices, super thin and chewy, not the hard crunchy nonsense everywhere else in town gives you!
5	Yummy fresh tasting pizza. Came out steaming hot. Had the Hawaiian with ham and enjoyed it. Came on recommendation of a local and wasn't disappointed. Took only about 15 minutes. Garlic Knots were yummy. We ordered a whole pizza but was available by the slice.
5	Being from the east coast (CT REPRESENT!) I can honestly say that this is the closest thing you're gonna get to the good old pizza from back home.
5	Has become our fave. Thin crust is like being in NYC. Delivery always prompt. Finally-- a place in Chambana that has pizza with a great crust, ingredients that have flavor, and cooked perfectly.
2	This place specializes in reheated pizza.They have a sign now that says all pizza they serve has been made within the last two hours.  But, I ate their one evening, and sat there for 2 hours.  During that entire time, they only remade one of the 6 half-pizzas that were sitting out.If you ask what is fresh, they always tell you that everything is fresh.  My next question is what do they have that doesn't need to be reheated in a microwave or toaster oven.  They usually suggest something, but then tell me that it needs another "5 minutes" before it is ready.  The place is a joke.  If you want real NY style pizza, you are in the wrong town.  I'm giving them a second star only because I know of no other NY style pizza places in town.
1	They really came off as racist the last time I was there. The pizza had to have been there for a very long time. My past visits had been great but the anti gringo vibe I got will stop me from giving them a second chance.
4	I like this place a lot. The pizza is solid and the guys who work here are really nice. The prices are also very reasonable. The guy who said there's an "anti-gringo" vibe is either  delusional or racist himself, and the guy who hung out in the place for two hours to check on whether they threw out everything they didn't sell.. well I'm just kind of concerned about him. Anyway, do we really need businesses to throw out 5 pizzas for no good reason in a country that already throws away half of its food?
5	This quickly became my boyfriend & my favorite spot for pizza delivery! Every time we feel lame for ordering from the same place constantly and try a new spot, we are disappointed and swear all over again to stick to Vinny's pizza! We have also experimented with their Greek salad, Philly cheesesteak, calzones, mozzarella sticks, & garlic knots. All of which were so good! I highly recommend you check this place out. Yum! Also, I feel like I have to address the bad reviews... I've never felt discriminated against when I've eaten in and the pizza is sometimes so fresh that it's too hot to eat even when delivered in the middle of this negative degree weather! These people should really give Vinny's another shot!
5	I think it's the best pizza in town. They accept all coupons, so I always get a good deal. Quality high, Price reasonable, and made real quick. You never get all three anywhere, but these guys do. Drive thru is also very convenient. Definitely recommend! Try their avocado quesadilla, it's my favorite.
