4	Rosati's has the best thin crust pizza that I have yet to find in Arizona (and being from Chicago, I have high standards). This location is delivery/carry out only and can make a pie in about 20 minutes from the time you order it (plenty of time to wander around one of the stores in the strip mall it's located in). The service was good- the phone was answered within a few rings to place our order and we were greeted immediately upon entering the location. If you look a good thin crust pizza, this is the place to try. Oh, and their sausage is pretty great too :)
5	I love the chicken parmigiana  here. It tastes just as good as more expensive places but 1/2 the cost. Salads are fresh and my kids love the pizza. This is a hidden gem. Service is always good.
4	Thank you Rosatis for coming out here..  Now i dont have to drive 20 miles for good pizza.  The thin crust pepperoni classic is delicious!!  Before they came out here,  i tried to go to pizza hut and as Barkley tells it,,  Just terrrrible...  R & R is ok and we all know about dominos...  FYI,,  go on Fridays,,  they double the coupons so you can order a good sized pizza and some wings for under 10$ if you use the 5 dollar coupon.
4	A few years ago when this place first opened my wife and I were excited because there weren't very many restaurants in the area.  We went in to order our first Rosati's Pizza but when we presented them with our "Entertainment Book" coupon (kids sell these books as fundraisers) they stated they don't take those coupons. (It is true their store wasn't listed on the back but we thought it was cause the store was so new). When we pressed them they plainly stated that they didn't have to take coupons because they are so busy.  We decided we didn't need to eat there and left.Well, several years have gone by now and we haven't been back to Rosati's but the wait at our favorite Italian place was over an hour for take out last night (I won't tell you the name because its already too crowded).  We weighed our options and went through our "Entertainment book" and found Rosati's.  It is close to the house so we decided we'd give them another chance.  Upon arrival we noticed that this location is still not listed on the back. I decided I would just ask if they accept it and if they don't we'll leave again - probably never to return.  The cashier politely said they don't accept the coupon but she could offer me a 30% discount instead.  This sounded reasonable to me so we decide to order.We got the 18" thin crust (+pepperoni +sausage) pizza with a dozen mild wings with Blue Cheese dressing. The pizza was really good.  It had more cheese than my wife likes but I like lots of cheese.   The wings were pretty good too (a bit thin but nice and crispy).  The dressing seemed a bit old with a dry film forming on the top so we didn't eat it.  I'll give them a pass on that - as long as it doesn't happen again.Overall, this was a good experience with good food.  The cashier was really friendly and won this business a customer. The pizza prices are a bit higher than the other near-by places and you must get he pizza to go.  If your looking to eat-in, try Barro's Pizza across the street - their pizza is good too.
4	This is great pizza hands down. We used to order the thin crust pepperoni classic and a cheese for the boys every Friday night. That was until we tried the deep dish now we get the 'Monster' . Yes it may cause an early death but you can't eat very much because it is so good, rich and thick. They pile on a red sauce that is like chunks of near fresh tomatoes, under the sauce is a beautiful mozzarella that is great and stretchy even after delivery. Lots of meat and olives - amazing pizza. The Rosati's near us is only delivery or carry out. Oh, and this is no $5 pizza - you get what you pay for.
5	I saw this place online, so I called for delivery. The girl that took my order was very sweet and friendly. Delivery was fast and food was AMAZING! I can't wait to eat here again!
2	I am not a fan.  My wife and I found this place through an online coupon deal.  We ate there, and were not happy.  Service was slow.  The salad was soggy, and the pizza had to much sauce and cheese.  We have the deep dish and thought maybe we just didn't like deep dish. The next time we ordered the thin crust to go and still were not happy with the pizza.  The sauce wasn't that great, and there was tooooo much cheese .  We won't be going back.
2	This was quite bad. We received a deep dish pizza to our door that was literally cold in the middle. Of course we had the pleasure of paying $30 for it!Pass. Better pizza to be found within a 15 min drive.
1	I've been to Rosati's plenty of times before (never this location), any my experience has never been this bad.  I called in a carry out order at 4:30 pm (This is well before the dinner rush).  The girl taking the call doesn't take my name and unceremoniously hangs up on me after saying the pizza would be ready in 20 minutes.  I show up at 4:55pm, and say to the girl at the counter " I am here to pick up a carry out order".  She asks my name and I tell her the girl on the phone didn't ask my name.  She responds, "oh yeah, I didn't".  She checks on my pizza and tells me it going to be another 5 minutes.  Fine, I pay and sit down on the bench out front.  I can over hear what sounds like 5 - 6 teenagers talking loud about energy drinks and their work schedules.  By the way they were cursing I imagine they either forgot I was up front or do not care.  The girl at the counter came back at 5:05 to tell me my pizza is almost out and it shouldn't be more than 5 minutes.  She then leaves to go to Albertsons.  I am not high school math teacher but I know it takes longer than 5 minutes to walk to Albertsons, pick out your energy drinks, pay for them, then walk back to Rosatis.  But all of that happened before my pizza came out.  5:15 pm my pizza is ready.  That's 45 minutes on a slow night.  I've worked in pizza places before and know it doesn't take that long to cook a pizza.  All would have been forgiven had the pizza actually been cooked.   When I got home the family sat down and to eat and were surprised by crunchy (uncooked) onions, and extremely under cooked dough.  I'm wondering why I game them $28 for one of my worst pizza experiences ever.  Let me restate this, we normally LOVE Rosati's pizza, but this is our first time visiting this location.  It will also be our last.  I'd much rather pay half that price and get a better product from Barro's across the street.  Maybe the Roasti's in Chandler will be better...
1	This is my first time at this location and I ordered delivery. The girl on the phone got my order completely wrong it took them an hour to deliver it. They gave me fettuccine instead of chicken Alfredo and hot wings instead of BBQ. My Alfredo was curdled and full of oil, it looked so gross. I called the girl back and got my order fixed. It took them over an hour again and my chicken Alfredo was gross too :( the noodles were not cooked all the way and it was curdled and full of oil like swimming in oil. My chicken looked like it was boiled. Long story short I went to bed hungry :( and I'm pregnant so that was very sad lol. I will never order from here again, not worth it. Burros is hands down way better.
5	For this type of restaurant, we were very pleased.  Its not 5-Star, but it is really good food!  The portions were more than plentiful!  We fed our family for $25 and everyone was full and satisfied.  To us, that's what matters.  Thanks Rosatis, we will be ordering again often :)
1	For years we have ordered from this Rosati's. Our favorite has been the pan pizza. We would have company over and order the pizza to treat people to a truly stellar deep dish pizza. My husband and I have been eating out less often for some time, and it had been about a year since we'd ordered Rosati's. Last night we felt like splurging and ordered a large pan pepperoni pizza. WHAT HAPPENED?! The pizza smelled different, and the ingredients are different. The dough was sad, soggy, and limp; not the usual crispy deliciousness. The cheese was not gooey at all, but rather salty and plastic-like. The dough screamed frozen, and we've had better Digiorno. Like our roommate said, "It's not Digiorno, it's delivery." I don't review or comment on things unless my experience was really bad, or really good. In this case, it was BAD. The cost was the same, but the quality has gone way down. We will not order from Rosati's again. Next time, we'll just bake up a Digiorno.
1	Wont be coming back. Taking some movies back to blockbuster we decided to stop by here for pizza. This is a delivery/take out only location so we ordered for takeout. I've been doing low-carb diet so I ordered a Buffalo Chicken salad and a pizza for the kids. It came up to nearly $40 for take-out for a large pizza and a salad. We get the food home and the salad looks like a dinner side salad. Mainly iceberg lettuce with a couple tomatoes and a few thick strips of cheddar cheese on top. My wife goes back to tell them we ordered a buffalo chicken salad and they send her back home with a few chicken strips. No buffalo sauce in sight. Not spicy. If I wanted to eat iceberg lettuce with some microwave chicken strips I would have done that at home for about $2 instead of paying nearly $13. While waiting for my wife to get back I ate a few slices of the pizza despite my low-carb diet and got indigestion before even finishing, threw up by bed time, and spent the next day feeling ill at work. My daughter and son who ate the pizza are also sick today. Will not be going back that's for sure.
4	This place is something of an anomaly.  They do a thin crust pizza that is cut into little squares (and tasty little crust-dominated corner pieces).  This is one of my favorite pizzas on the planet.  The ONLY reason I hesitate to give this place five stars is because the length of time it takes the pizza to reach your front door and their prices lean more towards the one star range.  When I'm in San Francisco, I'm used to paying $23 for a large pizza.  Not in Gilbert, Arizona.  If this place dropped their prices a bit I would order from them two-to-three times a week.
2	What happend?   We would order from here even when our Chicago friends and family came to visit.  Now it is a last resort because there are not many late delivery places in Gilbert.  They have messed up the last three orders and the quality went way down.  Management or staff needs to start paying attention.  Its giving a bad name for Chicago pizza.   Good luck.
5	Best service. Great food. Good quality! Their pizza is fab. Appetizers, sandwiches. And desserts rock it too!!
1	dont waste your time or your $. i ended up here because Barros shut down. Large 2 topping at Barros is $13. Here it is $25.
2	Being from PA, this is the closest Pizza to those we used to get back home. Great and crispy crust. Very impressed. That being said, this place is very expensive for no reason. The portions are not great and it's just good ol fashion pizza with ordinary ingredients. $17 for a 12" pie is a bit ridiculous. We also ordered the zucchini fries which were way over battered and there are only about 9 pieces for $6+.Although I am a fan of the pizza, I don't see my self dropping $30 on a 12" pie, zuchini fries and cheese bread.
