4	Although I'm not a regular patron of wine merchants, and only drink the vino on special occasions. The sheer array and quality of wine on offer here was enough to make me consider drinking more of the stuff.The wood laden interior and detailed, hand written information accompanying each wine selection added to the professional and enthusiastic feel of the shop.Plenty of deals and invitations to wine tasting evenings equate to a top notch place to buy wine. I picked up an owner recommended Montepeluciano (an Italian red wine) for my wine loving Mum and landed myself an abundance of brownie points, top stuff.
4	This place is really sweet I really like the guy who works there who is chatty and helpful especially because my knowledge of whisky is limited. He also will let you sample a lot of different whiskies and explain the subtle differences without being patronising.The set up is really nice, with wooden floors and the wines and whiskies all labelled clearly. It makes such a big difference when the people running a place are also passionate about what they are doing, something which is evident in Woodwinters.
5	I was tempted to just say this shop is excellenet and you should just go thats it leaving my review there, but i will elaborate....What we have is a fine selection of whiskys, wines and occasional curve balls in terms of others spirits. Theres also a small selection of ales, ciders etc. The wines are fantastic my Dad is a total wine buff and with the help of the staff I can always get him something that raises an eye brow or commands high priase. They have a great array of wines for the size of the shop and this is my default place to shop now for the wine aficionados I buy presents for.The Whisky selection is great with a few rarities and special bottles popping up. I was in here one day looking for a birthday present while suffering from a chesty cough and the owner treated me to a wee nip of whiskey to take the edge of my cough. I though this was really nice and the whiskey was there own blend if memory serves. There is a more limited range of other spirits which always throws up a few interesting new options. We were in the other day and my missus spotted a Rum she had never tried. Between her and one of my mates they are normally an encyclopedia of Rums they have tried. Once again Woodwinters you have surprisesd me. Now the best part about shopping here is the staff. They are knowledgable and friendly. Always keen to help but not i that pushy sales way, more imparting knowledge and making sure you are getting what you need. The shop its is small but well laid out and relaxed. Often in wine shops I constant feel like I am about to knock something over, but here everything is well laid out. Overall with a visit if you are passing, but I bet you leave with a bottle of something interesting. ;D
