5	This will be 2 REVIEWS in 1. I went to Sonic the other night. And Im bad at looking at my order before driving off. Well when i got back to the Hotel i noticed they gave me fries and not onion rings. So after a lengthy drive back i pull up and explain my problem. He says i know the orders were off and i TOTALLY got the WRONG ORDER. He proceeded to let me keep it, and gave me my correct order. I scored. Then he gave me a free SUNDAE and 3 FREE DRINK TOKENS. NOW THATS CUSTOMER SERVICE. The 2nd time i went No complaints, the Order was correct and delicious and i did check it this time before i left the Drive thru. Way to go Sonic. Mcdonalds doesnt offer that kind of cust service with a screwed up order.
3	The service here is pretty slow but I'm under the impression that sonic makes all of their food to order so it's okay by me! Their variety in drinks, happy hour fr 2 to 5, and their options of finger foods really does it for meI love how a cherry coke means adding cherry syrup to coke. So much better than bottled cherry coke. I'm not a fan of their mozzarella sauce.But their fry sauce is awesome.
1	Okay. I am a huge fan of sonic, ever since one opened up in Wisconsin where I am originally from. The one here on Nellis blvd however literally pissed me off to the point I took 10 minutes out of my day to register on yelp, download the app and write a review. Sadly, this is even after making a call to corporate. As far as their food, it's AMAZING when you actually get what you ordered. That, and if its actually hot when you receive it.In the past month and a half I have gone to sonic 5 times, and I will describe in detail how my experiences went. 1)I order the exact same thing every time. Jumbo spicy popcorn chicken, large fry, small/medium vanilla shake minus whip cream/cherry, and 2 ranch dipping sauces. Sounds easy right? First visit I ordered this meal, it went flawlessly. Ill give them that much. 2)Ordered same meal as above only this time there was whip cream and a cherry, and i was missing my ranch dipping sauces. Okay no big deal, shrugged it off and disposed of the whip cream and cherry, and had ranch in the fridge. 3)Ordered same meal, but also bought my buddy the #1 combo, minus everything except added mayo, normal size, diet doctor pepper as my buddy is diabetic. What did I get? Regular size popcorn chicken, regular fry, and SURPRISE they get the shake right. They forgot the sauces. Again. My buddy didnt fare so well. His burger had everything on it, with added bacon? Wtf? Okay..oh yeah and a REGULAR doctor pepper which could've ended in a diabetic seizure. Not to mention his regular size fry ended up being large, which I guess is free added size but still screwed up nonetheless. 4)Same meal, only my chicken and fries were cold. Not only that the chicken was not even edible.5)Today, 5/14/13, my girlfriend and I went there to give them one last chance. Same meal, and she got the 3 chicken strip combo with 1 ranch 1 barbecue. We ended up receiving cold food, no sauces, no straw, and we decided to get a refund and leave. However, the manager George was an incredibly patient and outstanding person, I recommend him for a pay increase. I'm glad he gave me a refund, with absolutely no hassle. Oh, and 2 of these visits I had an incredibly rude waitress. I wish I had her name. Overall I would recommend sonic to anybody, just not this location. I give up on giving them chances, they have lost my business even after giving them WAY too many chances to improve. Go elsewhere, you'll be far better off.
