5	Bagels were amazing.
4	My little guy and I stopped in for a quick lunch. I had a bagel sandwich with turkey and cheese.  It was quite tasty, veggies were fresh and it was filling. We also ordered a muffin which was good.  I would certainly eat this meal again.   The branding is sort of annoying - it's like three places in one -  bagel shop, muffin shop and the coffee has a brand also. I don't know why this annoys me, but it does.  It just makes the place feel a little disjointed.
2	Yuck these bagels are not ny bagels just bread!!
5	Great bagels and great muffins!!
5	Came here today on my lunch break. The atmosphere is calm and inviting and the whole place smells like pastries! The woman behind the counter was a serious sweetheart and had a great smile.I ordered the bagel and lox because I was craving it, and it was awesome. A little steep at 8 bucks but lox are expensive anyway. It had a tomato slice in it which surprised me but was a pleasant addition. The whole menu looks amazing and I really can't wait to try more. The bagels themselves are a little bit less than my standard (I am a bagel snob) but this didnt take away from my great experience or my satisfied stomach. I will be back!
1	We live in Baxter and normally drive to Audrey Kell to get our Sunday bagels.  We were happy to see that Big Apple opened close to us.  My husband ordered take out - an everything bagel for me and a salt bagel for him.  Got home and mine was very doughy and undercooked. I could let that slide; maybe there's someone new in the kitchen. His?  They used TABLE SALT! His entire bagel was encrusted with TABLE SALT. Have the owners ever eaten a bagel besides the dough sent to them to start their franchise?  Both went into the garbage and we won't be back. I'll stick to the mom and pop real bagel places in S Charlotte.
5	Happened upon Big Apple Bagels when eating at Peking Tokyo and decided to try them out this morning for breakfast. YES... a good bagel place in Fort Mill besides the packaged nonsense at Starbucks. Friendly staff, well-priced and enjoyable. I'd say give this place a look as we were quite satisfied.
4	I used to live on Long Island, so I know a little bit about bagels. This was good, but it wasn't a classic Brooklyn bagel. Maybe it's the water here in the Charlotte area? It was still a good bagel, toasted with some scallion cream cheese.The coffee was good too.Nice that they have a free wifi. Comfortable seating area, maybe a nice place to chill with a laptop for a bit.My only complaint is that when the gal asked me for the combo, it looked like it's supposed to come with a couple of mini-muffins. No biggie - I don't need that many more carbs!
1	Tried these bagels as part of a bagel club at work and they were awful. My bagel was not cooked all the way and felt like it weighed 3lbs. Not edible, threw it in the trash.
2	Being from New Jersey, I'm desperate for three things in the South.  Pizza, Hard Rolls, and Bagels.    I solved the first by making my own pizza, gave up on hard rolls, but I'm still searching for bagels.I was excited to see a bagel shop open in Fort Mill.    Unfortunately the bagels here aren't up to my expectations.  A good bagel should be chewy, with a nice, golden brown exterior.The bagels don't seem to have been boiled prior to baking, and they are pale.  I don't think they're baking them enough.I really, REALLY wanted to like this place but can't justify going back.
2	Not impressed - bagels were okay but eggs, sausage, etc came out of the microwave, smoothie was a cup if sugar with no real fruit, out of the bagel I wanted, coffee my dad wanted, creamer another customer wanted, and the place was filthy from kids destroying their food all over the place. Will not go back.
4	The first time I visited they got my order wrong and I was not impressed by the customer service, however when we went this weekend it was a different story. We were happily greeted by smiling faces when we entered and given great service. The owner was there and very hands on which I think must make a difference. They got our orders correct & to us promptly. I LOVE their bagels.... big and crunchy on the outside, but soft and chewy in the inside. They have awesome flavored cream cheese- I got the french toast bagel with the honey walnut cream cheese... awesome combination! My husband got the lox bagel which he said was not his favorite choice. He thought the lox seemed partially frozen and tasted like wet carpet so i would advise sticking away from that one ;)
4	Had breakfast here the other day and have gotten togo bagels on a couple occasions.  The bagels here are very good and they have a variety of cream cheese flavors.On this most recent visit I got a breakfast bagel sandwich.  It was good, but it was microwave bacon.  It would have really been something special if it was fresh, but I understand that isn't their specialty. I would recommend giving this place a try.  You will need to get there early though.  They can run out of certain bagels and won't replace or refill during the day.
1	We were here today at 10:25 a.m. There is a handwritten white board sign in the window that says, "4th of July will be open 7-11" ?? Looks awful. We were looking for a chocolate chip bagel, but there were none. We were offered an Oreo bagel instead so we decided to give it a try.  Also ordered a plain bagel and 8 mini muffins. The counter help expressed before looking that they might not have enough??  She then said that someone came in that morning and asked for four dozen muffins and they didn't have enough as if a large order was a bad thing. Our order came out and the Oreo bagel looked an odd grey color and smelled like garlic or onion. Two of us tried it and couldn't figure out what it was supposed to taste like. I went back in and asked for a plain bagel instead and received the replacement with no issues. Then, we took out the plain bagels to eat them and they were totally raw. They were still wet and gooey inside. I can't believe whoever sliced them to put cream cheese on them didn't see the goo. There was no color at all to the outside. We tossed both bagels in the trash. Ditch the handwritten sign, or at least correct the grammar. Wipe off slicing knives after slicing bagels with strong tastes/odors and cook the bagels all the way!
2	It wasn't terrible but the bagels tasted like rAw dough. They're selection isn't the greatest either. Good for a quick breakfast but I'd check out other options before going there.
1	I'm curious how this place even has 3 stars???  We did not read the reviews before going here, just happened to see it and wanted to try it out.  We walked in and the smell was oh so wonderful, I thought we were going to have something fabulous.  As we were browsing the menu, I spotted a cookies n cream bagel - I've never seen that flavor and thought, heck yes let's try that!  Kevin ordered one of the sandwiches which had egg, ham, and American cheese.  My bagel had zero, I mean ZERO, flavor.  Wait, I take that back, it tasted like flour!!!  I would expect for this to be a sweet bagel with hints of chocolate cookie, but they were not there.  Kevin's bagel had very little flavor as well, but what to you expect with microwaved ingredients and American cheese as the choice of cheese? The girls behind the counter were patient, nice, and helpful, but that does not get a business anywhere when the food is just plain out awful.I will never return and you should save your money to go somewhere else.  Heck Wal-Mart's bakery behind the store probably offers better bagels!
1	Had bagels there today and would not recommend it. Two employees just stood around but did not realize that coffee was empty. The egg sandwiches are heated in the microwave and taste substandard. I actually got sick a while after I ate there.
2	I've held off on going here for awhile because of the so-so reviews. But this morning, I just reeeeaaally wanted a bagel and didn't want to go far, so I gave Big Apple a shot. I felt it was on par with the reviews. Just.... eh. I got lox on an everything bagel. The bagel was sparsely seasoned and bland. I asked that it be toasted and if they toasted it at all, it was just barely. It almost had an underbaked texture to it. It was served up sandwich style and sliced in half rather than open faced - not a big deal, just a style difference. Not sure that I'll be back. I can go to the Harris Teeter on the corner and put together a better spread at home.
2	I was craving a salmon bagel a couple of weeks ago, so my hubs stopped here to get me one instead of driving all the way to Bruggers.  Well, not a lot of people order those from the Big Apple in Tega Cay.  The salmon was old and had a mealy texture.  It was a to-go order or I would hv most definitely requested a refund.  Wont be going back for that.  Maybe a plain bagel.
