2	Two stars is probably a bit harsh but, oh well.The other night I told my man I was taking him out to dinner because I had a hankering for some Dionika.  We joked that we would finally decide to go there again and it would be closed or something.  Well we were right, it was closed.  But, it was 7:00 on a Friday night and we were hungry, in the mood to eat out and didn't want to go far, so my guy suggested Pierre Victoire.  I can't remember what it used to be called but apparently it used to be French tapas, and tapas were definitely what we were in the mood for.  Unfortunately in the metamorphosis to Pierre Victoire they threw out the tapas in favour of standard full sized fare.Shortly after arriving we were seated by a couple of lovely French waitresses and were brought a very small *free* starter of polenta, which was very very nice.  We ordered proper starters of the fish soup and shrimp and vegetable tempura.  I didn't try the soup but the tempura was lovely, if a bit large for a starter (though I always think starters are too large).For our mains my boyfriend had the fish of the day, I believe, and I had the lightly curried Salmon fish cakes.  The fish of the day came with a random cooked oyster which just seemed unnecessary and the fish cakes came with chips.  Chips?  Fish cakes and chips?  It seemed like quite a lot of potato as the fish cakes were beefed out with potato.  Don't get me wrong, it was all tasty but the fish cakes would really have gone much more nicely with a salad.  Having said that I'm sure I could have asked for a substitution and it wouldn't have been a problem.  At the end of our meals (I couldn't even finish mine) we couldn't face coffee or dessert, and settled up.After dinner my guy asked me if I would go back.  I thought for a minute and decided that no, I wouldn't.  He agreed.  Neither of us could quite put our finger on it but I think that it was a combination of the food being fine - nothing special - and the atmosphere being ok- not great- that just left both of us thinking that there are so many other amazing restaurants in the city, why go back?
5	This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. I go with my Mum on a bimonthly basis when we want to go somewhere affordable, enjoyable and hassle-free. The French bistro fare is absolutely lovely. The menu changes on a frequent basis. I have never been for dinner, but the lunch menu is always excellent value for money and offers absolutely brilliant grub. There are specials on chalk boards on the wall so make sure to check out what's available. The very pleasant and helpful serving staff will give you a free small entree to get you started while you choose your main course. I've always had salads, breads and there have been sausage and vegetarian type tapas nibbles too. There is a selection of oils and dipping sauces on the table for your bread etc.I've enjoyed a variety of seafood and vegetarian dishes. One particularly good seafood pasta sticks in my mind, where a whole shrimp, complete with whiskers and claws, was presented on top of my plate. Brilliant! My Mum usually opts for meatier options. She still raves about a lamb dish she had once, saying it's one of the nicest meals she's had for years. The choice of desserts changes too, but we've always had great puddings here. All have a French twist, so I'd go for the creme brulee or cheese plate. I'd highly recommend this restaurant for the relaxed atmosphere, friendly service and great food. It's far enough out of the city centre to be quiet and devoid of noisy crowds, and this is a bonus too. I've always had an excellent meal here, so I'd highly recommend it.
4	This can polarise opinion, so I imagine it suffers from the malaise of having good days and bad days (don't we all?!), but we had a fine time to ourselves on our visit. All dishes were very good, with the mussels probably the best I've sampled in the city. Overall, we said: "it's fair to say that I was mightily impressed with the place. I'm not sure the artwork on the walls will be to everyone's taste, but that aside Pierre Victoire, much like its sister bistro, Chez Jules, is a top notch place. I'd recommend you pay it a visit, at your earliest convenience."
4	I'd heard a lot about Pierre Victoire, from years ago but it certainly has made a comeback. I have passed the restaurant on Eyre Place on my lunch hour at work regularly but hadn't ventured in. In fact, I had ventured ito La Garrigue next door, which was excellent. However this is now shut down - I wonder if it was partly due to having another French restaurant right next door?We were served gerghins, olives and salami with a fresh salad and crusty bed as we sat down. I ordered a rich, creamy mushroom and garlic starter served on the most sweet brioche - really delightful (and would have done nicely for a light lunch) - but as it was a client meeting, we went for main and desserts.I went for the special chicken, with mustard, smoked bacon and mash - it was very succellent and delicious.The trio of crepe suzette, sweet ice cream sorbet and chocolate souffle really was a delicious end to my meal, served alongside a lovely large glass of rose.I'd like to come along one evening but I would definitely recommend - they have lots of set menu options which would be ideal if out with friends!
4	Great menu choices all at really good value and nice atmosphere. Lots of seafood on the menu and quite decent sized portions considering its a French place!
5	Yet again, Pierre Levicky doesn't disappoint.  Top notch traditional French food. Chilled out atmosphere.  Great service.  Great lunch or dinner deals. Selection of specials.  Reasonably priced.  Definitely one of favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I'm not just saying that because I'm French!
4	I liked this place. There seemed to be a good choice of food and the staff were friendly and efficient. It was pretty quiet when I went in, but it had a nice ambience so it felt comfortable. My friend who I went with complained that they were too quick with their service but I'm not sure I could complain about that!! Surely that's a good thing. I probably didn't go for the most exciting thing on the menu but I'd definitely go back to check out the other options at some point.
4	I used to visit Pierre Victoire on a regular basis always ordering the smoke salmon and mushroom brioche which I highly recommend, along side the pork belly with apples and black pudding. http://smgdesigns.co.uk
4	This was our first time eating here and we were quite pleased with the food. Nice touch at the start when we got complimentary bread/butter as well as a small dish of olives and cured meat. The house wine was also very nice and reasonably priced. We had two items off their specials menu and aside from the look of my dish being a bit too brown overall (roasted monkfish with mussels and chorizo), it tasted very nice. My husband's lamb shank was very good, tender and tasty.
4	Nipped in here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, it was busy, I'm not surprised! the 2 or 3 course set menus seemed like great value, and it really was.Nice little salad, bread, olives and salami arrived free, which was a lovely  touch. The steak and fries with mushroom sauce  I had was delish, and the turkish delight icecream was good too.  With friendly efficient service, all in all it was a very enjoyable lunch.
1	Christmas Day.  Family of 10 went on Christmas Day.  We were given a table squeezed into the back of the room seating was two wobbly benches and two garden chairs which were too low.  Three of our group in their seventies it was difficult to get in and out climbing over the bench and each other.   It was so busy hot and noisy not enough cutlery or glasses (wine served in very small sherry type).   Obviously had overbooked through greed or thoughtlessness.   The food was just passable.   I did complain but was ignored.   We chose this restaurant as we had been last year.Never again
5	Pierre Victoire is a Restaurant I can't wait to return to.Before the starter I was served some bread, oil and The Mussels starter was simply delicious, although it's appearance gave the impression it had been sitting around for a few minutes (the restaurant was very busy).Main course was Rump steak in creamy pepper sauce. One of the very best steaks I have ever eaten, done just as I had requested and served in a very tasty creamy pepper sauce. Great dish.Dessert was Dark chocolate Tart. I could clearly taste this was made with a decent chocolate/cocoa, way better than the same titled dish at Macdonald Hotels Cardrona.I had a glass of French Red wine with my meal. I chose it from the "Pierre recommends" section of the Wine menu. My choice was the beautiful Braucol Bouton Larroz. All in all a lovely meal at a place where the staff know their jobs, yet are not in the least bit big headed, and they can more than cope when it gets busy.
