3	rowdy n' raucous bar heaving with kids. hurling distance from the grassmarket. not-so-faint aroma of vomit permeates. it's a "must" stop on any drunken pub crawl of the grassmarket area. much quieter during the week, though.
3	I won't attempt to review all of the pubs I drank at in Edinburgh (pub crawls are truly a glorious thing!) but I thought I'd make an effort to review the pub I had the most fun at.On a cab drivers recommendation I added the Three Sisters as a stop on our pub crawl through the grassmarket area for a bachelor party. Three Sisters definitely didn't disappoint - it was packed with people, and there were quite a few other bachelor/bachelorette parties there as well. The place had a very friendly (although pretty drunken) vibe and had a dance floor inside as well as an outside area for the smokers. Even though the place was packed, there were enough bartenders so the time waiting for a drink was kept at a minimum.I would definitely recommend this place for any visitor looking for a fun, drunken night. The bathrooms are absolutely disgusting though.
3	On occasion I have gone to The Three Sisters and it has been dead, other times you can barely move. Usually during the week its pretty empty with only a few guys watching the football or having something to eat.The actual bar is quite nice with big tables and a large outside seating area with patio heaters and umbrellas. Crucial in this climate! Usually in the summer it is jam packed as they have screens outside with football/rugby on and a BBQ going. By the time it gets to about 9 o'clock on the weekend this bar can be horrendous. Horrendous in a full of pub crawls/stag and hen dos sort of way. This seems to be the hot spot for these groups so as you can imagine it can get very rowdy with the odd fight or two and someone throwing up in the corner. I personally do not enjoy bars like this, too much pink cowboy hats and 'lads on tour' going on for me. I have been to The Three Sisters and had a good time, more often than not you will make a friend from Australia while sharing a table outside so it can be fun. But lately I bypass it because from the outside it looks like its brimming with lager louts and incredibly drunk students.
3	The Three Sister's spacious courtyard, plentiful outdoor seating and heaters are primed and ready for watching big sporting events.  An immense viewing screen creates ample opportunity for you to huddle around  a table with mates and watch a sporting event without the need to stare at the back of some brute's head all night.Beer and alcohol in general are all standard with regards to quality and cost, so nothing special in that regard.
3	The Three Sisters is a large pub situated on the end of the Cowgate which can accommodate a variety of social functions.  I has an upstairs room in which live music and comedy shows are held, a small dance-floor downstairs and a courtyard which acts as a smoking area as well as a beer garden in summer.  Further, large screens are used for showing big sporting events which usually attract large crowds.  Depending on what one wants out of a Saturday night out The Three Sisters may or may not be the ideal venue to begin or spend it in.  It is often used as the site of Stag and Hen parties and, therefore, if your looking for a quiet drink and catchup with your friends this probably isn't the place.  On the other hand, if your feeling young and wild this is an ideal place to start the night as its lively, drinks are reasonably priced and service is sufficient for coping with the numbers who flock to its bars on Friday and Saturday nights.  I've been to The Three Sisters several times and always enjoyed myself, however, the atmosphere isn't quite as bustling or friendly as I'd like it to be.
3	This place can be a great night, or can make for a bad night. The people at Three Sister's are generally pretty rude and pushy hence the bad night. That being said the venue is great, big picnic style seating outside, large dance floors inside. Due to the crowd this usually becomes a one drink stop for friends and I, but have had the occasional good time. St. Patrick's day was one of those good nights. Go expecting a crowd on weekends or game-nights. Definitely a hit-or-miss kind of deal.
1	I only ever came here once in my freshman year and doubt I will be rushing back anytime soon. It was supposed to be part of a student pub crawl and when we arrived at the three sisters they seemed really lost about what it was on about or the drink deals we had been promised. To add to this, the bartenders were extremely rude to us, got our drinks wrong and we had to pay more than we thought we should. To sum up we didn't stay long. Apparently we weren't the only ones treated this way either. Apparently it's a place to watch footie or rugby matches at. It's over-commercialised which I think has damaged it quite a bit. Despite the ideal layout and building I strongly advise visitors of the City to try their luck elsewhere, as there are plenty of places with a much more welcoming atmosphere.
3	Rugby, or in fact sports in general, packed with hen and stag nights, packed with people in general, memories of getting ID'd here constantly when I was younger...this all adds up to a pub experience that makes me slightly grumpy and impatient. Not so much the packed with people element, because I don't want to sound too middle aged, and a lot of my favourite drinking establishments are always rammed, I think it's just the lairy sports plus pints plus swilling them everywhere plus a general lads, lads, lads atmosphere that makes me feel like I need to go and sniff some perfume or look at something pink, just to feel a bit girly again.The good features of The Three Sisters are as follows...it has the advantage of a large courtyard, so if there's decent weather, you've got the facilities to sit outside and banter away, which feels a bit more holiday-esque than usual. There are also sometimes BBQs here, which is a bonus. It's completely unpretentious, down to earth banter, and if you're into sport, you're in for some good times.
3	Since Three Sisters opened, I have had absolutely no compunction to walk through their doors. There is absolutely no reason, I felt, to come in here - a non descript generic bar with no defining qualities to make me feel at home here. Too big, too many chavs. Well, now I have to take all of that back, because I spent a long time getting quite quite hammered and watching fringe shows here last Monday. It was open late, served me alcohol long past when I deserved to still be drinking, and had an open courtyard where I could sit in the pouring rain talking to cute boys. I think in terms of pubs, I still prefer small and cozy over big and grandiose, but I see the Three Sisters in a new, warmer, more welcoming light than my prior judiciousness.
3	The Three Sisters should be really good; it's central, it's massive, it's got a huge beer garden, and they have a good range of beers at the bar. But it never quite lives up to this, and is overall a pretty average place. The interior is really dark, to the point that it's a hassle to walk anywhere, you have to kind of feel your way towards things. Also for the size, there a remarkably few seats, meaning you spend the vast majority of your time standing about, which is always a bit of a pain. The worst part of it though are the people that go in there. It's always full of chavs and on a weekend you feel like any minute a mass brawl is going to break out. It can be quite intimidating, and there's always a bit of anger just simmering under the surface.It does have its good points though. The bar sells a good range of beers, wines and ciders as well as all the major spirits. The garden is probably the best feature, it is absolutely massive for a pub. During the summer it's a really good place to have a few drinks outside, or sometimes there's a big screen showing sports. At the moment (during the festival) they have a Crabbies garden in there as well, which is always a good thing in my book.
3	Never seen any pub quite like this one. Our group was drawn in by the outdoor patio for dancing. Very spacious and you will get plenty of air! Finally a place to dance without a roof and no stuffy air. There were plenty of people here and the mood was high energy. The drinks are little pricey but we didn't pay cover to get in so it balanced out.
3	Pretty cool spot.  Very dark up in there.  The beer garden area was cool.  The DJ played a good mix of music.  Even through on some Westcoast rap while I was there.   Don't get the Rum and coke.. it was no bueno.. .Lot of folks on the dance floor. I had time with my friends.  Jager bombs were the death of me.  :P
3	I can't count how many times I went here with friends while a Student at Napier College.  It was a great place to go as if you did not like the music in one room you could go to another.  It was a fun dance club and hot spot.  If you want to hit the floor with a mass of friends this is the place to go.  I would not go expecting a pub, I always considered it a dance hall.
3	If you are looking for a pub where you can get a quiet drink, this isn't it.  I know I shouldn't like it, but I love to go dancing and that's why I like it.  They play a variety of music, most importantly music I can dance to.  The drinks are a bit pricey and there isn't a lot of seating inside, but I do like the large outdoor area.  When you need a bit of breathing room, you can just head outside.  Yes, it is a magnet for hen/stag parties, but never been there when things have kicked off, although I think hen/stag parties are always entertaining to watch... from a distance... and that's why the large outside area comes in handy.  Never had to wait very long for drinks as the staff seem to be on top of it.
3	Jumped in here to see one of the shows on at the fringe and enjoyed a relaxed drink beforehand with no hassles.Reasonably priced with a decent food menu I regrettably didn't have the time to try out. It included champ! You don't get that everywhere.Huge outdoor seating section which is nice, poorly lit inside with a few bars and a labyrinth of different little 'venue' type places inside I suspect get used for clubbing?A nice enough place in a dingy part of the city centre where you can park yer bum comfortably.
4	Ok, when I was politely asked by my friend if we could nip in here when she came through to visit I was powerless to say no. Not because I was massively eager to go here, but because I hate saying no to my friends!We turned up here around 4ish on a Wednesday afternoon to find it was shut until five. Alright, that's acceptable, it is January. So we went on to Oz Bar had a drink there and returned around 5ish when it opened. Needless to say, we were the only people there! BUT I like this bar, it reminds me very much of Waxy O'Connors in Glasgow, except much more reasonably priced drinks. It is kinda dark and dingy inside, kinda like a generic Irish bar, but I quite like that, gives it something resembling an atmosphere. And this place is huge! Plenty of room for moving around if it is a little crowded.So, the staff were fine. The chap serving us was very nice, got us drinks but it did take a little while before all the cutlery and menus etc were put out on the table. Think this might be because they were setting up for a private function, but we were in no rush. The menu - if you don't like pizza or burgers you are kinda a little shafted. It was definitely not the sort of food I was expecting, it was better. I ended up plumping for the Godfella, a burger with pepperoni, sundried balsamic tomatoes and little balls of mozzarella. Yet again, I was not setting the bar too high, I mean, Holyrood 9a anyone!? This burger was immense. I mean really delicious. Plus they had a deal on for January, get any main meal and get the second for 1p. Hells yes I will.So basically, we had two burgers, and 4 drinks. Less than twenty squidders. Boom. I want another one of those burgers NOW.
2	I feel old. Very, very old.Look, this is actually one of the nicer bars in this area of old town. It's clean, spacious, with enough seating and my legginess-problem is not a problem in this bar, at all.What's to whine? Well, I feel so old. I don't do shots, well, not unless it's at a Yelp event, and I don't drink that much. When I go and have a drink somewhere with a group, I want to be able to understand them. At 7pm on a Thursday, apparently the music needed to be of the ear-deafening variety. To the point where I had to shout sitting at a table, next to someone, in order for them to understand me. I thought that was quite unnecessary.I find it difficult to pinpoint what was so off-putting about this place. The staff are indeed friendly, the place is clean, spacious, but I'm not a major drinker. And somehow this bar gives the vibe of "must get smashed gaaaah". Not something that's very appealing to me. Maybe I should try it for a burger, as Jenny did, with some friends when the music is less loud. Or maybe, just maybe, this isn't for me.I'll take my 26-going-on-62 year old self elsewhere.
4	I spent 2 nights here at the three sisters. On the outside, you get the atmosphere of that similar to a beer garden on the East coast. Everybody is loud with excitement and plenty of beer to go around. As you continue walking, it takes you downstairs toward the DJ and a few bars, which gives a more dancing feel for the place. The first night (Friday) we were there, the DJ was playing request, which I thought was pretty cool. He played a few bangers in his mix, but he also played some outdated Destiny's Child. Although, you can't take away from the drunkies who love that music, you also have to play more of the new for those who actually enjoy getting their 2-step on. The 2nd night I was there was a bit of the same from the 1st night. The music just wasn't doing it for me as the DJ was now playing some end of the night closers that you usually hear as places close down. You really can't complain if you're walking into the place for free, the drinks are a bit pricey but for a bar with a great atmosphere you need to check it out. There are plenty of other bars/clubs in the area that play more of the dancing type music if you're looking for that
5	My friends and I greatly enjoy this place!!We came here for the moonlight beach party, the free comedy shows for the Edinburgh Festival (Which were so awesome!) and a few times for a drink.When we were there to dance, the music was played in reverse chronology, so you start with current music and move backwards to 90s and 80s...etc. It is fun, especially if you've been alive for more than 2 decades... 0_0If you're feeling a little stuffy after dancing, step out with a drink for fresh air at their open air sitting area. Their burgers are aromatic and will certainly seduce you.
4	Nice atmosphere, good drinks, fair prices and nice music. In my opinion, a place you must have seen
4	Random stroll through a dark alley way led me to this club! Because it was my first time out at a club in Edinburgh I didnt know what to expect.  But first off, living in NY and seeing a doorman, you immediate fall upon your best behavior, shlep on a coat of lip gloss and keep your fingers crossed that you get in without a pat down.... well, nothing, absolutely nothing but a smile from a ....no joking you now...a 6'7" beast of a man with the friendliest smile and hands that look like he pops rugby balls clear across football fields... so we  get in and its a simple no frills bar, just a place where everyone goes to just have fun! and that is exactly what it was! FUNNNNNNNN! I danced wherever I stood without a dance floor and was totally accepted by the crowd.  Everyone is there to just have fun...saw a man in a bunny outfit being tossed around by his friends and girls on a hen gathering wearing what I would normally see in Hawaii my hometown, tank tops and shorts in 40 degree weather.  Gosh I felt young for a night! Love this place would suggest it to anyone who is wanting to just have fun and dance, drink and mingle! Dont come here with an attitude ...park it outside ;)
3	It's a fun pub, usually full of hen and stag parties.It's probably more expensive than what you would normally find on Cowgate but definitely rowdier and more "loose" than what you would find on Grassmarket.
4	Sharing is name with one of my favourite playwrights most famous plays....The Three Sisters was somewhere I had to come and check out. A friend and I came to watch the Scotland vs England game...I'm not a football person but  I was being a good friend and I have to admit watching this on the huge outdoors screen was quite special..the atmosphere was amazing! they also do a lovely hot chocolate!
