5	Green Valley Jewelry also doubles as a watch and jewelry repair place. Raul, the owner, takes great pride in fixing all things clocks, watches and jewelry. Recently I went in to swap bands on my watch and have a link taken out. Raul managed to do this all in about 5 minutes and charged me their minimum labor of only $10. I know of many places that charge $10 alone for just removing a link or two let alone also removing my old band and replacing it with the other one I had. Overall I had a great expierence and look forward to going back next time I need any sort of repairs done on my watches.
5	I brought in a watch with a dead battery yesterday--one of those kinds that requires a microscopic screwdriver and a lot of patience to get into. The owner greeted me, took a few minutes to put in a new battery and gave me a great price (roughly half of what a commercial store would charge.) I will be back!
2	(This review is solely for the watch repair)If you are around the Henderson area and need a quick fix for your watch, Green Valley Jewelry ain't bad.  They can do a quick replacement of a watch battery or watch band and offer super-fast turn around.But if you need someone to do a more intricate repair (like work on an antique watch) . . . well, they do a semi-decent job.  First, on the longer projects, Green Valley Jewelry is mediocre at customer service.  They don't stay in touch, don't update the customer on what's going on with the repair, and don't explain the delays.  Depending on what kind of work you need on your antique/classic watch, Green Valley Jewelry will get it up and running but the repair won't be flawless.  Their workmanship shows -- the watch face will be a little unbalanced or the glass a little scratched or the glue on the fitting leaking a little down the watch.So feel free to bring the casual repair here, but don't let them handle the intricate work.  They're all about function and not so good at the form.
3	$15 to get three links removed out of a watch? Slightly ridiculous, especially when I just saw another reviewer who only got charged $10 for more services. Green Valley Jewelry is located in the same shopping center as Trader Joe's. Unlike Trader Joe's, however, it is an oven inside this place, by which I mean that I didn't know how many links to get taken out of my watch because my wrist was so swollen because it was so hot in there. For real.Not sure if I would choose this place again, but they were friendly enough. I just feel like they threw me for a loop.
1	This business is closed.
1	business has now closed.
