4	This is the second time I have been to a Jimmy John's and first time in Queen Creek. The sandwiches are delicious with lots of filling and I enjoy the whole grain seedy bread. The restaurant in Queen Creek is new, clean and the staff is friendly. We added extra lettuce and tomato and  they accommodated without a snicker or extra charge like some other chains. After eating here I will never go back to Subway, the cost is the same and only 75 cents more for the bigger sandwiches which my husband enjoys. They also have lettuce wraps for people with gluten problems. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that the music is way too loud in this particular restaurant. It was hard for hubby and I to converse, next time I will sit outside or take it home.Lastly, the bathroom.....it was clean and on the floor in front of the stool it had and interesting fact sheet about Uranus....hilarious!!!
1	I have been to many Jimmy Johns in the past and have always been satisfied with my experience. This time, however, was different. My wife and I saw that a new location had just opened up less that 4.5 miles away and that it would be a good lunch option for delivery. We called in, told them our location, were promised they could deliver, and placed our order.30 minutes later, we received a call telling us they could not deliver and that we would need to come pick it up. My wife was (in my eyes) justifiably upset. I called and spoke to the general manager and told him to make it better. I said you can deliver the food, which he claimed would be a violation of their franchise agreement and could make them lose their franchise. I did not push the delivery and said I would come pick it up free of charge. He refused, saying that I could do "what all the other customers do" and that since I was not inconvenienced that he wouldn't do anything. He even claimed that he was the one inconvenienced because their "driver drove all the way to Cloud Road" (about 4 miles) and wasted gas. I feel like he did everything short of telling me just to deal with it.The manager offered no compromise and no apology. Worse, I felt as if my complaints weren't valid and that I was being pushed off the phone. I love Jimmy John's food, but I will not be going to this location ever again.
2	I have always LOVED Jimmy John sandwiches but the experience at this location was the worst.First of all, they got my sandwich wrong.  OK, it happens.  I went back to the counter and they made me a new one.  I didn't check this receipt first so I don't know if I was misheard or the guy making the sandwich made the mistake.Things got worse after this.  In waiting for my order, a few of the tables cleared out but every one of them was greasy with food crumbs.  I picked the least bad.  Shortly afterward, the rest of the people eating in cleared out and the music was changed from something that was just background noise to HARD ROCK.  VERY LOUD hard rock.At this point, I threw out the rest of my sandwich and left.Somebody please tell me that the manager stepped out for a little while.I need a new sub place!
4	Main Points:-Fast and fresh sub sandwiches-Location is new so it's convenient for QC residentsReview:Ok, I admit, I'm a little biased when it comes to Jimmy John's because it reminds me of good times at UofA (go Wildcats!) when I'd walk on University with my buddies and take in the "free smells" JJ's has to offer along with their speedy sandwiches. Ahh good times! Sentiment aside, I think their bread is tasty and if you get their "club" versions of their sub sandwiches, you can throw in a 50 cent "day old bread" loaf (they sell yesterday's bread at a discounted price, because your sandwiches are made with fresh bread) with your order and make another sub out of half the contents of your sandwich.  They load it up! In the category of fast food subs, I rate Jimmy John's a 4, yes I'm a fan.  Thanks for the memories and the free smells.
3	Pro's:  Pretty tasty subs, everyone inside was friendly, and it was ready in a jiffy.  Con's:  They are not "allowed" to give you a side of peppers, or anything for that matter.  They have to put it on the sandwich.  Huh?  Soda was flat.
1	This use to be my favorite sandwich shop....no longer. Just went in there with my kids and ordered a #4. It can to me with rotten lettuce. Disgusting!. Asked them to remake it without lettuce and they forgot the cheese. To top it off, there's a bunch of high school kids working behind the counter cussing. Guessing the weekend employees are the bottom of the barrel.
4	Eat a lot Here , they are fast even when trainiing someone Which seems like they're training people all the time, I always  get a vegetarian on the multi grain which is really good .,the rest of my family loves the long white bread.we eat here at least three times a week.I have only  had one not so good experience   walking in  they never said hi only because they were hanging out with the workers that were off and they were talking to them but other than that I've always been greeted , It took maybe only three minutes before they Acknowledged me.All in all a great experience
