4	I went there mostly because it's ranked #2 on TripAdvisor's Edinburgh Restaurant list.  It's hard to believe for a Chinese restaurant to be that popular.  First, the ambiance with purple recess lighting is excellent.  It's definitely different from the red and gold decoration typical of a Chinese restaurant.For starter, I had the delicious salty and spicy soft shell crab.  This is better than the usual salt and pepper prawns.  Its crunchiness is just right and the scallions complement the chilli nicely.  For the main course, I chose the beef filet cantonese style.  I prefer it drier, but the flavor is just right... not too sweet, not too tangy.One star less for being on the pricey side.  I still can't consider it being fine dining even with the great ambiance and all.  And the service feels just average.  All and all, it's definitely on my list of favorites.
3	Karen's Unicorn - first off, it's a brilliant name! One that you're not likely to forget - and we've been meaning to go there for ages. So, last night we toddled along after a couple of pints and had - a perfectly nice meal. Lovely staff, nice decor, everything very nice and ... you know, fine. It's basically a poshed up version of your bog standard British Chinese restaurant - sweet and sour, lemon chicken, spring rolls. All of them done to a higher standard than usual, but I'd have liked a few more interesting options. So - I don't want to be negative because everything was very pleasant, but a little unexciting.
4	Karen's Unicorn has a brilliant name, is very stylishly appointed, and serves you good Chinese dishes.Overall, we said: "As an express, business lunch it ticked all the boxes, very nicely. If you're looking for something that will wow you, I'd advise an evening visit, when their more extensive menu swings in to action. The lunchtime service offers you well-executed Chinese classics, served quickly by the excellent staff, at a very reasonable price. The surroundings are extremely stylish, too."
3	If you're using Google Maps, beware: the default Karen's Unicorn it shows you is in Stockbridge, not Abercromby Street!After a slight mishap I made it along to this well loved Chinese restaurant for a Lunch Quest. I thought the food was nice, but nothing special. It was standard Chinese takeaway fare served in surroundings that looked like a George Street cocktail bar instead of the usual waving cat tat you find in a lot of sit in establishments.I probably won't go back of my own volition, but I'm glad that I've been once. I mean, it wasn't awful. It was just ok.
5	Chicken and pork and prawns and egg! In rice noodles! With a delicious curry flavour but without the gloopy sauce! And no muthaucking MSG!I ordered takeout from here and enjoy it so much I'm only talking in exclamations! Totally reasonable price! The staff on the phone and delivery were friendly! There wasn't a super long wait, I'd say around 35 minutes! And my Singapore rice noodles were DELICIOUS!The lack of MSG meant I didn't feel sick after! Or have a headache the next day! And it was really light which meant I could practically eat it all...(don't know if that's a good thing?) Definitely the best Chinese I've tried in Edina, and now I know what m regular Chinese order-in will be!
4	Reviewing a Chinese Restaurant is normally a bit same ol' same ol' - especially when it comes to many different dishes that are on offer and you are left wondering how they can cook all that with the same quality or without tasting similar - however Karen's Unicorn changed that notion for me. Their menu is not extensive but has enough variety to warrant an extra few minutes to choose. There are 4 Set meal options available. And the a la carte has some nice twists on the usual Chinese Regional dishes. I started with the hot & sour soup - very clearly home made and with good taste and fillings - in my opinion could have been hotter. My main course was a Beef Udon (I normally associate this with Japanese food but as a North China dish it was very well made, tasty and not too sweet  - however it did lack a bit on chili - which they very kindly provided on the side. My wife and my friend went for the shredded Peking Duck pancakes between them and it was expertly shredded at the table by our waitress.  I normally don't do dessert, but I didn't want this visit to be over so I ordered the fried banana in batter.. yum yum! finished with a coffee and brandy. The place has managed one thing - I actually managed a conversation without having to comment on, service, draft or meal mishaps. All was done with a sense grace and minimalist invisible perfection. Recommended
5	It's been a long time since I've had a really enjoyable dinner at a Chinese Restaurant. Thank you Karen's Unicorn for this experience. I dined there recently and it was great in all aspects. I ordered the almond coated king prawns for starter - it was sooo tasty. Three king prawns covered with almond flakes (a lot of almond flakes) and a sweet and sour dipping sauce. Perfect start for a meal.My friend and I shared half an Aromatic Crispy Duck. It came with steamed pancakes, cucumber, leek and home made hoi sin sauce. That was utter scrumptiousness on plate, so good. Desserts were ordered. My husband ordered banana fritters with cream, and I helped out :) The fritters were nice but in honesty nothing spectacular, but it was presented beautifully and I think this it what makes Karen's Unicorn special - they pay attention to presentation and details. The restaurant was very busy. There was a lot of waiting staff around, but it looked like it was needed. Everything ran smoothly, and they were so polite and friendly. Also the atmosphere in this place is great, so I think they deserve a full 5 stars.
4	Now this is good Chinese food. I've been waiting for a long time to find a place that compares to the quality I was used to in the SF bay area and this place delivered. Its definitely a bit more upscale and there were customs I have never experienced before in a Chinese restaurant (such as: warm towels between courses, tea candle food warmers) but I liked them.Its been a long time since I had had a decent crispy chow mein dish so when I saw it on the menu I ordered it without thinking twice. The vegetable spring rolls were very light and fresh, not the standard oil drenched rolls you usually get. Overall very tasty food. The place is a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. I do miss the wee hole in the walls with amazing Hong Kong style chow mein but this place certainly fills the void. Yes for a bit more cash but I would prefer that over the MSG coated noodles I'd be getting elsewhere.
4	I've only had K. Unicorn as takeaway but as a native of the SF Bay Area I was highly impressed with their flavoring of the Kung Pao Chicken I ordered, which we ordered with a Satay Chicken main and paid about 15 or 16 pounds together - not too bad for a large main dish that could be split into dinner and a lunch portion the next day!The chicken was very spicy, chilis everywhere but I really liked it. Would recommend this place to anyone who likes a flavorful meat dish, the ambience inside the place also looked really nice and the takeaway time was 20 minutes for pickup at the restaurant which was very decent.Overall, I was very happy with Karen's Unicorn and would go there again.
