3	It's always admirable to see an independent games shop competing against the big mainstream companies, but usually this comes at the expense of game prices.  This is the case with Chips, your newly released and even moderately old game is just too expensive compared to its more popular rivals prices (Amazon being one of them). Nonetheless, where Chips can compete with the big companies, is its ability to let you sell your old consoles and dusty games to them.  Also its possible to trade for another item too which ultimately allows a little more flexibility when that Playstation or Xbox classic is just a little too dear.
4	Chips is a small shop with game offerings from XBox 360, way back to Game Boy cartridges!It reminds me of the game shops that were in abundance when I was younger and there's something comforting about browsing through the games in here. Most places like this have been snuffed out by Tesco and HMV but Chips lives on, with an admirable collection of PC, Playstaion, XBox and Wii games.They were pretty low on game merch but had enough figurines to keep casual collectors happy. But Chips seems to concentrate more on the games market, dealing with second hand goods as well as new releases. Like Sam so rightly put it, it's those little things that keep gaming stores like this in the running. With the options of trading games or catching a bargain second hand item, it's a more personal and interactive experience than buying something over Amazon. You can at least see what you're about to buy before you pay for it.They had a ton of Game Boy and SNES games in here last time I visited (and possibly some Sega Saturn rarities), so I had a chat with the girl behind the counter. She was very friendly and passionate about gaming across the board - a trait you won't always find in the high street stockists. It's a good wee specialist store that orders in when you request items, and a friendly, resourceful stop off for members of the gaming community.
5	Any independant videogame retailer will always get my 5 stars simply by default, which is lucky for Chips as I'm not 100% sure they've earned it.I'll start with the good. They do retro games, and have more floor space devote to this niche market of the gaming public than pretty much any other such shop I've seen, including the mighty G Force.Now the bad, they don't do import games, meaning that unless something's been officially released in the UK (which many aren't) you won't be getting it here. This is a massive missed opportunity, especially for me as I can't find a shop anywhere in Edinburgh selling import games.
4	It's not often that you get an independent games retailer that has done quite so well as CHIPS. It's always well stocked, I've never seen it empty, its cheap, and perhaps more importantly - the staff know thier stuff and are friendly, they are more than happy to have a chat with you about the latest releases if you fancy it. They seem to have all the bases covered - latest releases to obscure retro titles, and the biggest blockbusters to small independant games that arent normally in games shops.The store however seems to close really early, which can be annoying.
4	A small independent games shop offering all the latest releases for main consoles and some old school pre-owned games can be found here too.If you're looking for something in particular then this place is a good shout as they might have exactly what you're looking for. The staff are very knowledgeable and friendly too and when I was browsing a shop assistant asked if they could help. That doesn't usually happen in most games shops.I had a browse through their DS games none of them tickled my fancy and they weren't exactly cheap either, in fact quite a bit more expensive than I've seen in other games shops.
5	Chips is the UK's largest independent video game retailer and lives up to its title. The shop is nicely furnished and the staff are always very friendly and helpful.The shop sells all the latest Wii, PS3 and Xbox 360 games as well as a good selection of titles on older formats. Sometimes they don't seem to have enough copies of a new game but they are always happy to hold a copy for you if they have move coming in. There is also a great selection of second hand games stretching back into retro. Their second hand games are also generally reasonably prices. I've found some great second hand bargains that I wouldn't have found in Gamestation. I love to browse Chips' eclectic mix of games. Though I do sometimes feel bad for not purchasing, the owners are always happy to let you look around and take your time.Chips also produces its own free magazine with all the recent news on the gaming industry, though this seems to be released only periodically. When it does arrive, it's entertaining.The games market is heavily monopolized by GAME and Gamestation and certainly in Edinburgh that's where people tend to go. So it's nice to see a different face on the high street.A great independent games shop with all the good points of the bigger chain stores but with more character.
4	I would have been soooo STOKED to be in Chips five years ago - yes, stoked. My pubescent inner boy would have been in heaven in this shop on Clerk Street. I've spent the better part of the last year walking down this street, so I HOPE it's just opened, because I only noticed it for the first time last week. The sales guy was really friendly and kindly understood my excitement at what seemed like a revisit to my early teenage years! They've got the X-Box and PS3, and tons of compatible games... TONS! I had to restrain myself from playing the huge console installed on the side of the store. For the less awesome people out there (jokes, jokes) they've also got lots of PC games as well. Being in there did remind me of one of my old gaming annoyances - just because there's a PS3 doesn't mean they should stop selling PS2 games. It's such gameworld whoring.
4	Chips is one of the best stores around for old consoles and games. With a hint at nostalgia, they sell Gameboys, N64s and other such classics of the gaming world. They also have a fair few games for each of these consoles, obviously fewer for the older ones but still a healthy amount. Obviously not that many people go into game stores looking to pick up a Sega Megadrive on the cheap, so Chips also has a wide array of games for modern consoles. All the new releases and big titles for the 360, PS3 and Wii are here. Because it is an independent store though, you will find they are slightly more expensive than either in supermarkets or online. There is a good pre-owned section as well, if you are looking to pick up a few games on the cheap.Another advantage of this place is that they do console repairs. If you have got something like the renowned Xbox red ring of death then if you take it here, more often than not they'll be able to fix it for you. The staff are always really friendly as well, and knowledgeable about all the new games. It's overall a good independent video game store
