4	I stopped by this location at 11:30 on a Friday, before the lunch hour- or so I thought... This place was PACKED full of customers in line. The line was concert waiting long, really. As I was looking around to decide to stay or go, I noticed they were fully staffed, and the line was, well- moving. Upon closer inspection, it was moving very well. To help expedite the line, an employee came out from the counter and asked if anyone was ordering a hot sub, and he began taking those orders, and getting them started, which thinned the line quite a bit.When I got to the counter, I was greeted warmly. I placed my order, picked my toppings and went to pay. Each employee was very nice, and the cashier and I were even joking back and forth, and it was really nice. It wasn't forced corporate speak, they were just nice and seemed excited about their product.The sammie was very good, and while not as good as a Mom & Pop deli, it was good and the bread actually appeared as though it had seen an oven. The meat is sliced fresh (cannot understand why people eat at Subway, where it just sits, pre-sliced, for days). The veggies and condiments are fresh and plentiful.Tips for success:-Carpool. This parking lot is very tight- no joke.-While  in line, check out the menu. It's silly to wait five minutes to order, and THEN look at the big menu and go 'Uhhh, uhhh, I think I want........ uhh......."-"Mike's Way" is basically most of the toppings, there are signs that explain it-Call ahead or email your order, saves timeEnjoy!
5	Great service, prompt quick and really great food.
5	Welcome to Downtown!  Finally a little area with a few great chains.  They also have PARKING!  The parking is located on the east or south side of the building.  We grabbed Jersey Mike's on a Sunday afternoon and took it home to eat.  They are the best subs we have had.  They are packed with meat and cheese.  Might be little pricier then blimpie, but with it due to the over load of meat! Check out a Jersey Mike's near you!
5	Love this place. Nice employees, fast service. I love the sense of urgency in a fast food restaurant. The sandwiches are filling and delicious. Their salads are also hefty, that makes me happy because sometimes salads are small because the company thinks you don't want to eat a lot because youre ordering a salad, not here.
5	Huge fan of Jersey Mikes. This location opened a few months ago and is always booming! The bread is fresh, the meat and cheese it cut to order and the vegetables are crisp and perfect. The service has been great every time I've been. I always order my sammy Mike's way: lettuce, tomato, onion, oil, vinegar and seasoning. Just a killer sandwich shop....I'm a believer!
4	The subs were a little more money than Subway but worth the price.  This place is in a new urban development that looks great. However, this restaurant is a bit noisy and the staff had to yell to get my order (I personally don't like getting yelled at before I eat... I need soft, calm voices).  WHAT DO YOU WANT TO ORDER!!! I'll take a soft and calm sub please. The food was great, the bread was my favorite because it was fresh and very soft (fluffy clouds from heaven); I'll be back.
4	What can I say? I am really impressed by their business, last week we got two regular subs, when we got home we noticed that it seemed to be lacking in meat and the cheese was non-existent on one and paper thin on the other. The subs were still good, but it was disappointing and I sent my concern off to Jersey Mike's. Within a couple of hours the manager of the location I had this experience called me.She offered to treat my family to a sub dinner for our trouble. That is obvious commitment to quality service. The subs were fantastic this time. Turns out they were actually having issues with the slicer the day I went. They will get my business again, their subs are tasty, with quality ingredients, and they are committed to customer service. Yes their prices are a bit higher then a place like subway, but you do get what you pay for!
2	Let me preface this review by stating that I have been to Jersey MIkes before and actually quite enjoy the food. My review is more or less in regards to the service. My coworker and I went here for lunch and this was the first time she had ever been to Jersey MIkes and it was my first time at this location. When I placed my order I had forgotten that there was such thing as "Mikes way" and let me tell you that the lady creating the sandwiches let me know. I asked for a #6 with lettuce, tomatoes, oil and vinegar, salt and pepper and when I stated this the lady behind the counter rudely stated "you mean mikes way" I said sure but I did not want onions and she said even louder this time "so you mean mikes way without the onions.," again I said sure. I then stated that I did not want oregano. There was an order right after mine which was a #6 as well except this time the oder came with onions and oregano.  At this point my sandwich was fine, but then when the woman began putting oregano on the sandwiches she went down the whole line (including mine) and put oregano on each one. I told her that was not what I ordered and rather than either starting over or taking off the lettuce which now had oregano all over it, she proceeded to swap my sandwich with the one behind mine, forgetting that that one had onions. I told the woman that I didnt want onions either and she looked up at me and gave me the rudest look from a restaurant employee I have ever seen. She the proceeded to take off the layer of lettuce and replace everything without oregano. The only thing that I can say for the service of this place were the two people checking people out who commented on my earrings (which made my day) and then guy cleaning the counter who was on his first day on the job, I can do with out the rude sandwich lady.
4	For a chain sandwich shop this place is awesome. I have eaten there many times and have  never been disappointed. Service is quick and friendly too. I prefer the Italian sub and often doctor up a cheese steak with my won toppings but the Big Kahuna cheese steak is good too. The pepper relish they have for cold subs is really good and they don't skimp if you ask for more. Lastly, they have excellent, consistently fresh iced tea and a loyalty program that gives you freebies and good coupons. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the parking situation during the lunch and, to a lesser extent, the dinner rush is a nightmare.
3	I ordered the Caesar Chicken wrap expecting a Caesar type salad in a wrap, what I got was diced chicken with iceberge lettuce and very little Caesar dressing, no parmasean cheese, no romaine or other greens or veggies, just iceberg lettuce. Very pricey for this simple wrap, close to 8 bucks. My daughter ordered a burger & fries from the burger place two doors down, it was a much better choice.I've never tried their subs, so I can't rate the subs.
2	Disappointed.  I'm from Jersey, everybody in my family raves about Jersey Mikes and they are all in Jersey.  First off,  I ordered the Italian sub that comes with the works (5 different meats) and is supposed to come with provolone.  Got home to Buckeye to learn there was no provolone on my sandwich.  That throws the taste of an Italian sub off, period.  My second disappointment was the meat.  The franchise contracts out to a provisioner to make all their cold cuts under the Jersey Mike's label, but the meat does not have the flavor of New Jersey's finest deli meats, Thumann's. Boar's Head doesn't come in close to Thumann's but I'll take Boar's Head when nothing else is available. Third place goes to Dietz and Watson.  If Peter Cancro, the CEO of Mike's really cares, he'll get his meat elsewhere. The staff was very friendly, the restaurant was clean, there were blown up photos of the Pt. Pleasant side of the Manasquan Inlet and Jenk's pier with surfers heading out, a nice touch of back home, but that's the best I can say.  The staff was so personable I don't regret leaving them a tip even though they forgot my cheese.  I just wish I had a good reason to go back and see them again.
2	Tried this place for the first time and got their version of an Italian. The ingredients quality was fine enough but I gotta say their Italian is nothing more than just a ham sandwich. If I wanted a ham sandwich I would have ordered just that. Where is the salami Mike?  If you want a real Italian Sub ladies and gents head up to 16th St & Bethany Home Rd. to Niccoli's and get it done right!
4	would have been a five based on food- excellent cheesesteak. The blond haired female employee behind the counter was a bit brusque and unfriendly.
5	Best Philly cheesesteak. Service greatly improved. They have gotten it together.
5	What can I say?  The sandwiches are incredible!  A friend told me about this chain and it's now my favorite place for a great sub.  Great taste, friendly staff and...free cookies!A little on the expensive side but well worth it
5	The best subs i have ever had going back before we leave for home. When we get home open one up so i can get subs on the regular. Portland needs one sub shop to rule them all!
5	I have to order lunch for work meetings quite a bit, I'm always looking for good food that is a crowd pleaser. I tend to order online (easy!) and pick up the next day. The customer service has always been upbeat and they have been great about my requests (oil/vinegar on the side, that way the subs don't get soggy on the drive back to the office) - they even got me signed up for their loyalty card and I've earned a free sub.Also, they are great about wrapping the veggie sub separate from the meat subs. This puts me at ease presenting the food to guests and coworkers. Also, the subs come labeled in a cute box. So be sure to consider the box of subs for your next office meeting or party of ten.
2	Food reviews are sometimes about timing but I stopped by with a friend for lunch. Location was well located if you live in Central Phoenix, but it's the food that matters and really all I can rate it is a "meh". Growing up in Europe (call me a sandwich snob) I have yet t go to a place that serves the same quality bread and baguettes that one finds in Europe and would rank Dilly's Deli and Sacks, Sliver Mine subs or even Port of Subs above Jersey Mike's. Only the cardboard tasting bread of a Subway ranks below it imho. I wanted to like it but the bread was very similar to Subway, very light in flavor and not too good. If size matters (I did get the 15 inch one, and had it for lunch and dinner, but wouldn't call it a great value either). The ingredients were decent but when it comes to restaurants, or even fast food if you want to call it that, I want to leave wanting to come back. With Jersey Mike's, I didn't get this. Edible and ok if I had to , but not only my "to go" list for sandwiches.
4	Craving an east coast style sub, then this is your place!Freshly baked bread and cold cuts sliced to order with your choice of toppings, or just try it "Mike's Way!"  The only place I have found that has cherry pepper relish (a staple on east coast subs), which gives it the "taste of home" for this former east coaster.The place is located with several other restaurants and parking can be a challenge if you don't get there early.Reward program available...
1	Got terrible service and attitude from zombies behind the counter.  The food is good just don't expect any with a brain stem to help you out.  At least they they so stupid they under charged me.... at least that's a plus.
4	Now these guys make a mean sub. Quality is top notch. Service is quick and place is well layer out. Only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is the parking situation is the worst. The lot is for a bunch of businesses but is way to small. Trying to get in or out is like a scenario out of a mad max movie.
1	Funny how bad service can tip an already poor experience to the black list. There are hundreds of sub shops, I'm crossing this one off my list.
5	The best Italian sub out there.   Blows Subway and Port o Subs out of the water.   All meats are high quality and cut to order.   Bread is big and fresh.   Get it Mike's way.  Perfect.  I've never had any problem with the staff at this location.   Always able to get a parking space too.
4	For as busy as this location is for lunch, it is always clean, the staff is friendly, and the sandwiches are consistently good.  There are a lot of options in this area for lunch and these guys nail it every time.
5	Stopped here along the way home. Woo, road trips! Great customer service and great subs! I'd recommend this place to others
1	Absolute worst sandwich place o have ever been to. They drench the sandwich in oil and vinegar and make the bread soggy. I told them, after witnessing the "Mikes style", that I did not want mine made that way. And he still drenched my sandwich. It was soggy and disgusting.
