4	Hotel restaurants rarely impress me, so my expectations were not as high for this restaurant. Boy was I wrong! This steakhouse can definitely hold its own! My friends and I had a very tasty, ultra-satisfying meal. For starters, we each had house salad made of arugula, goat cheese, cranberries, pecans in a light vinaigrette. For the entrees, those of us who ordered the scallops, filet and NY strip polished our plates off - each were perfectly seared and cooked beautifully. The sides are served family style and we enjoyed them as well - we ordered the cauliflower - served in a creamy white sauce and green beans with onions and fried pancetta. I only wished we had time to have coffee and dessert, but we had to rush to our concert! Hope to be back next year!
4	I have been to this restaurants a few times and still love it. My husband and I ordered the ribeye with the grits. Our friends ordered the surf and turf and like it as well. We ordered the mushrooms as our appetizer. The aroma filled the room! The only problem was that it seemed like they didn't have enough servers. It took a while for the server to come around. He did give us free dessert for making as wait so long.
2	My wife and I frequent steakhouses and nicer restaurants at least twice a month, looking for 'THE' place.  You know, the one you love and can always count on for a perfect meal.  We are fans of Ruth's Chris near the Biltmore and adore Mastro's in North Scottsdale.  We came to Red's hoping to find 'THE' restaurant, or at least another top-notch establishment closer to home.  We live in Litchfield Park and have grown weary of hour-long drives to tasty restaurants.  I made the reservation online through OpenTable and when our party of four arrived the table was ready.  We went on a Saturday evening at 7:30pm and were very surprised when only a third of the tables were occupied.  About ten minutes passed before a harried and flustered woman who we could only assume would be our waitress arrived.  She did not introduce herself and pointedly asked if we wanted drinks.  She seemed abnormally rushed considering the emptiness of the restaurant.  Food was eventually ordered and it took an abnormally long time to arrive.  The portions were not very large, and at the end of the meal there were NO leftovers.  My wife's $46 dollar ribeye was very thin cut and not very flavorful.  My friend's Bison Filet was slightly better but very salty.  I ordered a $9 Caesar salad and it was literally six leaves of Romaine lettuce with a milliliter of Caesar dressing squirted onto it.  It was the least substantial and worst excuse for a salad I have ever seen.  The waitress even saw it when she was first delivering it--and saw that it only had four leaves of Romaine--and had it taken back to the kitchen.  When it returned, I was overwhelmed to see the leaf total skyrocket to six.  At different points in the night I saw the hostess stop hostessing and start delivering food and desserts.  Something tells me these folks are very understaffed.  When you pay this much for a meal you expect a certain level of service and Red's does not deliver it.  The total bill came to over $220 dollars (without tip) thanks in part to a 250% mark up on our wine.  I was embarrassed that we had brought our friends here and will not return.
2	Steakhouses are competitive today and the typical Yelper probably has his or her favorite.  My good friend and I were eager to see the type of energy that the new investors have injected into a local legend, the Wigwam in Litchfield Park. As time was flying by, in the last 10 years, the AZ Kitchen (also in the Wigwam Resort) closed for dinner.  This southwestern gem was also affectionately called the 'Snake Pit' by a friend but the service was top notch and it was one of the earlier restaurants that provided full view of the kitchen by diners.  The Wigwam's ballroom dining has now been converted to Red's Steakhouse. Service started out well with a nice touch of a choice of fruit for your water.  The waiter had recommendations but also allowed us time to ponder the menu.  We opted for the couple's dinner, essentially a prix fixe with a salad, choice of sea bass or steak, and the shared dessert.  We also decided to try the crab cake appetizer - just to adventure through the menu a bit; this resulted in a stern warning from the waiter that the steaks were 14 ounces. The crab cake was a nice presentation with fresh crab and a toasted crunchy top and colorful spinach bottom.   The side avocado dressing was a bit heavy for the crab and appeared similar to the faux guacamole at cheaper eateries.  However the crab was dry and the waiter brought more of this dressing out for us. The service with the Caesar salad presentation began to falter. The salad is the craze of serving entire stalks of the romaine and a toasted slice of bread.  Reminding the waiter for salt and pepper, he promptly provided a set and advised us the salt was also in a grinder. My friend determined that the pepper grinder was broken and did not provide a coarse grind and the waiter asked if we would like another pepper grinder.  Actually, for the prix fixe price of $45, I really wanted the waiter to politely grind the salt and pepper over our salads.  The crouton had no flavor. Our steaks were done as ordered but the NY Strip did not have a lot of flavor. The menu indicates the meat is grilled at 1600 degrees. However, my medium rare steak really appeared to be grilled on my a standard grill with no caramelizing or searing to hold in the rare juices. The steaks were true to size of waiter's tip. The steaks were served with two asparagus stalks which appeared to be white asparagus with green tips, a unique veggie for the plate. An au gratin potato patty also accompanied the steak and was quite yummy. As the server boxed up our plates, they brought out a raspberry mouse.  Its flavor did not impress either of us but my girlfriend did find the mascarpone center and it was addictive. Service was not astute nor attentive and sometimes baffling.  We were just into the meal when the waiter dramatically closed the drapes of the window near us. One of the other diner's called out in sadness to lose the evening sun but the waiter shushed her and said they would be opened intermittently to avoid blinding other diners. Could Red's should consider awnings or subtle window shades to preserve our dining views? The Wigwam may not be hoppin' just yet; but  as we left the restaurant, the three restaurants on Old Litchfield Road - outside the gates of the resort - were busy as locals may have enjoyed more reasonable fare and better service.  These restaurants are our next adventure!
1	Ok, resort did isn't generally all that good. This place was perhaps even better than most in terms of food quality. The service was perhaps the slowest and worst I have ever experienced. Almost two hours for a bunch of burgers...my advice, pick the other restaurant.
3	Breakfast at Red's after the Farmers Market vendor group chickened out due to rain that stopped by 9 am was pretty good.  The buffet is clearly where they want you to be... I went with it and was very happy... They had eggs with fresh tomato and a bit of quite flavorful cheese, bacon that was perfectly cooked, sausage that had great flavor, biscuits and gravy (can't speak for the biscuits, but the gravy was amazing), country potatoes that went well with the gravy, French toast ( thanks for the sugar free syrup!), and fruit, oatmeal, pastries, and a cereal assortment that I did not try.The coffee was quite good and the perfect temperature.Momma and the Main Man ordered off the menu and thought it was exceptionally slow to come out and both said that they would have been happier at a Denny's or Village Inn but that it was still good.  The biggest complaint was that the toast was cold and stale.
2	For such a beautiful resort the restaurant falls short.  I ordered the prime rib, it was ok. I ordered it medium, the flavor was good but rare in the middle, well done on the outside and chewy. If the service was great I would have given this restaurant three stars, but the service was horrific.  It was very slow and our drinks ran empty. The ambiance has the making of a great restaurant, it just didn't get up to par.
3	I would actually give this place 3.5 stars, but Yelp won't let me. (Come on Yelp...this is 2012, can we get some upgrade!)I m dividing this review into two sections for breakfast and dinner. We have been to both a few times, so I now feel that  I can write an accurate review. Before I begin, I am confused by some of the reviews "ordered crab cakes"? They don't have them on the menu. I am wondering if some were confused as to the restaurant they were in...but I digress. Breakfast:Really above average when you consider the price. At $8-$9 it is in the Village INN price range, but so much better. The environment is warm and welcoming. Looking out on to the golf course through large windows just brings a sense of peace. The Eggs Benedict are delicious, with just the right amount of heat. The Corn Beef hash is their own unique concoction of peppers, onions and corned beef that really packs some flavor. There is also a buffet every Sunday (Not sure about Saturday). The reason I wouldn't give it four stars:  Inconsistency: One time the Hollandaise sauce is broken, one time the toast is cold, bacon overdone, etc...The service is always wonderful, but they don't get it just  right all the time. Oh, and they ditched the strip cut hash browns for diced potatoes with peppers and the thick cut super yummy bacon for the standard thin stuff...they need to remove the "thick cut" from their menu...or preferably get the good stuff back.Dinner: We have had the NY Strip (14 Oz), Fish and Chips, Prime Rib (Saturday night special), Meatloaf and the roasted chicken.NY Strip: I ordered medium and once was perfect, the other time it was under (medium rare). The taste is wonderful, nicely seared and the garlic demi glaze delivers the flavor. Why not four stars? Same as breakfast: Inconsistent. Also, they serve the haricot vert with untrimmed tips and sandwiched between the steak and the mashed potatoes. So, the beans are mushed in with the mash...not a good look.Prime Rib: My wife's entree and the real reason we go there on Saturday nights. Both times, it was perfectly cooked as she ordered it, but for some reason, the second time was just a little dry. It looked perfect and had the right temp, just a  tad on the dry side. The offer real horseradish as well as horseradish sauce and a little extra Au Jus did the trick for the dryness. It is not on Durant's level, but for the price ($16), you can't beat it anywhere.Chicken: They called this Airliner Chicken, and I didn't get it, until I go it. I ordered this last night and I didn't know chicken breast could be so tiny. Ahhh..."Airliner Chicken", I get it now. That being said, it was perfectly cooked, moist and flavorful. The risotto was smooth and creamy, but still had a touch of bite. This was served with broccoli rabe which was also perfectly cooked. I will order this again, which is saying something as I almost never (first time in over four years) order chicken from a restaurant.Meatloaf: Super unique and wonderfully flavored. Served with agave carrots which are a tad sweet for my palate. Great, comfort dish when you are in the mood for that.Fish and chips: Standard. Little seasoning, but well cooked. Nothing special. Overall. I think it is great for the price. It is not five star cuisine, and the prices reflect that. I think you would be hard pressed to get a better meal in this price range. Think Black Angus/Village in prices with better service and better food.
1	Until they get their quality under control, we won't eat here except for lunch. We ate here last weekend and both had the roasted chicken. The problem was it tasted like it was basted in cinnamon and the sauce for the risotto had at least 10 whole peppercorns on each of our plates. I actually bit into to one before I realized that the sauce was just crawling with them. They could've strained them out, processed them in, whatever, just don't serve me a plate with a bunch of whole peppercorns. This tasted NOTHING like the previous visit when I ordered the same exact dish. When we finally let the management know that our food was unacceptable, he said the best he could do was a 20% discount. Well. we  weren't looking for a free or discounted meal, but rather some acknowledgement that they actually cared about the food. That never happened. Unless something changes, the burgers are decent and that is about it.
4	We've wanted to try this place out for a while. We decide that valentines day was a good reason to go. We made reservations but once we got there we realized we really didnt need to since it wasn't very busy. We're in our late 20's and were by far the youngest there. A lot of the other dinners were retirement age and they all seemed to know one another. The service was fine, not spectacular but nice enough. Since it was a holiday it was planned menu (which we didn't know until we got there but we just kind of rolled with it). The food was really good. From the salad and crab cakes to the prime rib and yummy dessert after. So I'd say if your part of an older generation you'd probably enjoy to atmosphere a little more than we did.
2	We did family night on Sunday night - Pizza and Pasta Buffet.  I expected more from a Wigwam restaurant.  The entire buffet:Buttered NoodlesMarinara SauceAlfredo SauceSausage PizzaPepperoni PizzaGarlic Toast (stale, cold)Romaine Lettuce (lower quality, mostly core)Caesar DressingCookiesRed's could really make this special by providing add-ins for the pasta (sundried tomatoes, feta, olives, sausage or meatballs, spinach, etc) and providing some gourmet pizza options and a comprehensive salad bar, as well as a variety of deserts.  Please Wigwam - keep these going and step it up a notch!  We would come every week if you offered a little more :)
1	Red's Steakhouse is located inside The Wigwam Golf Club in Litchfield Park, AZ. What I expected was something nice and pleasant with good food and friendly professional service. What a surprise this place was. VERY DISAPPOINTED! A few days prior, when we tried to make a reservation we were told we didn't need one.  Then upon arrival we were asked if we had a reservation, which was accompanied by a look of "How could NOT have a reservation?!?"  Then the gentelman at the counter began to scramble to find us (6 of us) a table.  Problem, there were PLENTY of tables.  It was a bit concerning considering the attitude we received when we arrived.  Next came our lovely waiter.  The lack of social graces in this gentalman was sad.  He let whatever he was thinking fall out of his mouth without regard to whom he was saying it to.  We had arrived about 20 minutes before the omlete bar was to close (which my father-in-law was looking forward to since it was Father's Day).  When asked if we could an omlete, my father-in-law was told very mater-off-actly "No. You can't. It's closing."  There was no apology, no sincerety, no concern for the guest at the table.  We were about to find out that this was how our waiter operated.  Again, he let whatever he felt dribble out of his mouth.  Next came the mimosas (champagne and orange juice).  It was mostly orange juice.  When we ordered more champagne our waiter let slip that they were out of champagne and that is why the mimosa was mostly O.J.  He also stated that there was some just across the courtyard, but everyone was just "too lazy to go and get it" and that he "had a table or else he'd go and get it".  Um . . . why tell your table that???  Why just not go get it?!?!  If it is THAT close why make us wait over 15 minutes after ordering it to tell us that you're out of champagne??  Then came the food.  I could have gotten better meals at Village Inn or Denny's and paid far less (and probably gotten better service to boot!).  The food was plain and lacked quality.  From a place that is part of a prestigious golf club in which the memebership dues will set you back about $500 per month and initiation dues are a lot more than that just get in the door, I expected SO much more!! I was GREATLY disappointed in everything.  Don't waste your money or your time.  What a let down this place turned out to be.
5	This place is Old School Class. The staff is Top Notch and they have been there a long time. That should tell you a lot about how the place is run. 5 Star Fine Dining without a Celebrity Chef and absolutely zero pretension. This is not a "Place to see or be seen at." It's just an outstanding restaurant. You shouldn't feel anything other than comfortable. Everyone greets you. Servers not serving your table will check in on you and bring you things when requested instead of just waiting to tell your server. They don't play the, "Avoid Eye Contact" game that most servers play at other resorts. So the service is Top Notch. The food is outstanding. Close your eyes and put your finger anywhere on the menu. I haven't had anything I didn't love. The buffet for Breakfast, sandwiches, salads, etc. for Lunch; and it's a Steakhouse so you know what's up for dinner. Can't recommend it highly enough. My brother had his Wedding Reception here.
