4	Now If you seen my pictures, there's not much hair to cut. But I wasn't the only one!! Now Sports Clip is a man version of a beauty salon for women. And it's pretty cool! Place is loaded with sports memorabilia, and flat screen TVs with ESPN on. You are greeted by some pretty girls. Ladies you have to realize they are trying to bring in the men! And you know how weak we are! Now the young lady who cut my hair was Andrea, and she was very cool. Usually I just keep to my self and let them do the cutting which is only #1 shave all around. Pretty simple and cheap. Andrea was very nice as was the other girls, they try to make you comfortable. But this place does more than that. If you want, you can ask for the MVP and get your hair washed with a scalp massage while sitting in a massage chair. They will also apply an heated towel around your face, and massage your neck and shoulder. Boy they know what our weak spots are! Sports, pretty ladies, and massages! Like I said Andrea was very cool, and nice. I would definitely come back!
4	The boys and my Hubby have all had their hair cut here, and they do a great job! The youngest and the Hubby have a fade and the oldest has a Beiber thing with longer hair. They gave free extras for their first visit with massages, hot towels, shampoo.  The kids said things like "can we live here" and "I feel young again" (says the 9 year old :) haha!! He is funny, five star comedian.  The girls doing the trimming were nice :)
4	Been back here a few times since my last review. Had not changed! Great service, great product. When I do come here, and it's not all the time! I can cut my own hair! I have a great time here. MVP package is the way to go. If your girlfriend or wife doesn't mind you getting your hair cut by a pretty girl! This is a great place to go, it offers a lot more than that!!
1	This was the third time we took my son for a cut here. First time was after it first opened and the cut was horrible. We decided to try it again a few months ago and the girl did a great job. We went again yesterday for his back to school cut, this is why im only giving 1 star. When the girl was finished cutting it she left it wet with gel in it and it looked good. Fast forward to after washing it. The cut is horrible, she left an almost bald spot right up front and I can see small cut marks where must have caught him with the guard on the cutters. He also has long wisps of hair she missed on the back and layer lines on top. Going to have to get him a high and tight just to fix the mess she left.
5	This is my first time here at this location. The new manager Alex, oh my god, there is not enough good things I can say about her.  She had me from "Hello".  The best management, customer service, and the most important, hair cut I've ever gotten in my life ever.  Ever!
