5	They cleaned our office and did a great job!
5	I moved out of my home in December, right before the holidays, and didn't have the time or the energy to clean it.  Little Lamb Cleaning did a fantastic job of cleaning everything from the blinds to the refrigerator to the shower and tub. I''m very picky, and I was more than pleased with the job that was done.
5	Also cleaned my home!  Very happy.
5	I called Little Lamb Cleaning in a bit of a panic on a Tuesday, needing my home cleaned on Thursday of the same week. We had last minute guests coming. I'm a teacher, it was the tail end of the school year, my children had me running to award nights and Little League games, and I had no energy to clean. My mother-in-law (in her 70's) lives with us and tends to be wary of cleaning services.  Brenda and Jessica arrived at my home on time and they were both very friendly. They quickly and efficiently cleaned our home and my mother-in-law wants to hire them again; that speaks volumes, to me. I have recommended them to my sister.On a side note, both Brenda and Jessica speak English without foreign accents. I say the because my mother is from Japan an I spent  much of my youth translating her accented English to my friends, teachers and store clerks. This is not  meant to be derogatory in any way; I just know that some people have difficulty understanding people with accents, and thought it might be helpful.
5	I used little lamb cleaning when i moved out of my last apartment. The apartment was cleaned well for my move out. Everything was dusted and wiped down, refridgerator cleaned out, even the washer and dryer were spotless.After moving into my new apartment, I have hired little lamb to clean every two weeks. I travel for work and it is such a pleasure to come home to a clean and fresh house. Brenda is thorough in the work that she does. She brings a spirit of joy along with her when she comes in to clean. I would highly recommend her cleaning service to anyone.
5	Little Lamb did a nice job with cleaning my home in Las Vegas and getting it ready for new renters.  Highly recommended and will use their service again.
5	What can I say I love Brenda and her crew.  They were so nice and friendly.  Sat was the 1st time she came to my house and she did a spring cleaning.  After they were done my house was truly spring cleaned.   They cleaned the whole time and made sure everything looked good.  I will be using them for now on.
5	Making this review short and sweet....I was fortunate enough to find Little Lambabout 4 months ago. They have been coming on a regular schedule ever since andI don't know what I would do without them. Beyond being great thorough cleaners, they are wonderful, trustworthy people whom I am so happy to have in my home.They are friendly, efficient and reliable and I couldn't ask for anything more!
5	I highly recommend Little Lamb! Brenda and her crew came in and turned my messy bachelor pad, into a nice place to have company over. (Not just drunk girls) They were on time, totally trust worthy, and did a great job.
5	Brenda and her crew have severe cases of OCD. Fortunately, instead of seeking traditional therapy, they have channeled their disorder into the meticulous cleaning and organizing of other people's houses. They are friendly, efficient, and hardworking. I was very happily surprised with Little Lamb Cleaning and will call them again without hesitation.
5	I have tried other cleaning services here in Vegas, this one is by far the best. They did a move out deep clean for a rental property for me & it was like night & day difference. HIGHLY recommend! Their prices are good as well. Excellent customer service too.
5	I have used three different cleaning services for my home in Las Vegas and while all have done an excellent job of cleaning, not all have done so at a reasonable price.Little Lamb Cleaning works extremely well, very fast and at the right price.  Brenda communicates well throughout the entire process and payment was easy to take care of.They're now my "go to" cleaners in Las Vegas!  Outstanding work.  Highly recommended.
