5	We were browsing the food truck line up at First Friday's on May 2, 2014 and there were so many trucks I didn't know where to begin! We didn't have any cash and luckily this cute little Filipino food truck accepted credit cards. We are so glad this was our first stop, since it was the best truck that we tried of the entire night. The BBQ pork belly sandwich sounded like it was right up our ally. The sandwich looked simple and there wasn't anything else inside the sandwich except for pork belly, but it was love at first bite! It was packed with delicious flavor - salty, sweet, really moist and tender like butta! It was satisfying and addicting. I enjoyed it! If sandwiches aren't your thing, you can totally get it on top of rice as well. We've also tried their lumpia which are Filipino egg-rolls filled with savory meat. They were bite sized and absolutely addicting! Hot, crispy and filled with bold comforting flavor. They also came with a tasty sweet and sour sauce to dip them in.I would love to try their other offerings, their menu isn't big at all - probably 5 items at most.The service here is like family! Oming (the chef) and Naz (runs the front) are super genuine and awesome foodies as well! We loved chatting it up with them about great local food finds and about where we've eaten since we moved to Vegas. Their passion of food shines through in their delectable bites that they offer on their truck! I even overheard customers eating in front of the truck saying their chicken adobo is crazy tender and flavorful. Definitely come check them out!
5	Was at the life is beautiful festival and we had a pork belly combo bowl,  oh my gawd,  amazing!!! The lumpia was perfect and the pork belly was tender and juicy and the sauce was to die for.  I'm already searching where they will be next I'm craving thst bowl like crazy today!!!
5	I ordered the chicken bowl but they assured me that I should definitely try the pork belly and they made my order half pork belly and half chicken. Both proteins were delicious and perfectly seasoned and cooked but the pork belly was just bomb..maybe it was the delicious fat. I would totally order the pork belly bowl again.
5	Oh my god this is the best Filipino truck in the history of Filipino trucks the staff so friendly the owner came out and talked us everything was wonderful I highly recommend following them on Facebook or Internet at WWW.omingskitchen.com
5	Best food truck ever. First tried them at the food fest,  it was the best decision ever. Pork Belly was mouthwatering. Went to Life's Beautiful and saw them there and all we had was their pork belly and lumpia. Both were amazing and and lumpia was crispy but still moist on the inside. we kept going back to Oming to eat!!! Just can't resist her food
4	While scouting the food trucks at the Sunset Park'd food truck festival, I came across Antonia R.'s glowing review of Oming's Kitchen. I figured that this was as good as any other way to decide which of the multitude of food trucks I would allocate precious stomach space toward, so off I went.I chose the pork belly sandwich ($8). It was good, but not mind-blowing. There were plentiful chunks of pork belly cooked to a gelatinous texture, plus a little cabbage slaw. I don't think there was a detectable sauce, and a sauce could have definitely elevated the dish. Also, the pork was actually a little too chewy for me. As it was, the sandwich was just a nice bunch of meat on bread.I skipped out on the lumpia because I had so many other things to try at the food truck gathering. Maybe I'll try the lumpia next time. Give Oming's Kitchen a visit if pork belly or lumpia are your thing.
