1	I spent the weekend working on a presentation for work, due Monday.  I visit the nearby Fedex around 5:30pm to print my masterpiece.  There is one worker there and she is helping a couple of girls with wedding announcements.  I wait.  10 minutes pass by.  She is sort of casually helping the girls...I haven't even been acknowledged yet.  10 more minutes pass by and I grow impatient.  Finally I am acknowledged after 20 minutes. (Yes I was keeping time)  She gave me an exasperated "What do you need".  I want something printed and bound, a five minute job.  She asked, "when do you want it".  I look around, surveying an empty location and said "now".  "We close in 20 minutes and I'm the only one here" was the response.  I am baffled, this is a 5 minute job.  I tell her I need this for a meeting on Monday morning and she keeps up with her "we're closing"  routine.So, thanks for the creative solution my Fedex Friend.  I arrive 30 minutes before closing time and get no help.  Nothing.  One of the worst customer service experiences of my professional life.
4	I called in to find out about a DVD that I needed copied. I spoke with Angela. She was incredibly responsive and right with me even responding with key ideas to better my project. She was the epitome of customer service. Amazing!Then I needed DVD sleeves printed. She gave a quote. I asked how long if I sent the file in. She said 1 hour. When I arrived again, she took control and, yes, they were done, cut and PERFECT. I am pretty sure that Angela is the manager there, and if that is because of how good she is, it makes sense. I have a place to do my projects from now on.
1	Called ahead to check price on international shipping. After quote I headed in and dealt with Andrew. He was unable to process the shipment stating it was not allowed to be sent to the country. I was shipping paper. He said there was a glitch in the system but refused to get on the phone with anyone or call his manager. He told me to go to UPS. I went to the fed ex on power rd in Mesa and they shipped it just fine. Incompetent. No customer service. Complete waste of time.
