4	Big store with organized racks of clothing, good book section, and lots of choices to make. If you make a donation, you will get a coupon for 20% off your purchase over $10.00. Since I am always going through my closet, I usually will have a bag to donate. On mondays, there is a color tag that is chosen and is 50% off. On holidays, everything in the store is 50% off- expect a long line. Boutique, cashiers, donation bin, & dressing rooms are in front. Books (and other media), house wares, womens clothing in the middle of the store. Men's clothing, furniture, bags, and shoes are in back. I usually find books (nothing over $2.99), clothing and other items like Partylite candles and accessories. I found a Tignello leather bag in near mint condition here. The boutique bag/jewelry section is over-inflated (priced $120 and up)- you can go to the outlet store and get a new designer bag for way less than that. Still, I'd rather go here than Goodwill (less organized, higher priced).
3	This location is large in its own name, but I found the finds you can discover at the Savers on the west part of town is more plentiful in brand names than this location. Still, this doesn't sway it from the fact its still a Savers worth scourging through, since there are definitely some diamonds in the rough you can find here if you look hard enough. Most people think of the location to be a little run down for the area its in, but personally the area isn't all that bad to me. I would say the best thing about this particular location is the library of books they have organized here, and there are some fairly decent finds in the home decor and appliances section. I've found a lot of good quality kitchenware and decorations here, so swing by to give it a go. The reason why I give it three stars is because I feel like this Savers doesn't offer a lot of brand name clothes than the Sahara Savers offers, but then again within every Savers you're always going to find something different.
4	Was skeptical about going here because i HATE to shop... ANYWHERE! but my husband is one of those guys who loves it. so he dragged me here and i went pouting about it, but i was SUPER impressed by everything! First off the place was HUMUNGOUS! Everything was neat, clean and in order! it was very organized and i did not feel overwhelmed or anxiety or anything! They had alot of nice stuff and i think i definately will be shopping here FOREVER!!! The prices were also pretty reasonable and there was nothing skanky about this place except the part of town it was in
2	Stop two in my efforts to come up with a costume ended with nothing. A feeling of utter despair was increasing and I was ready to give up. Although it is a large store with ridiculous amounts to weed through, I came out empty handed. It is the nature of thrift stores. There is no guarantee of finding the exact item you are looking for. Small is not as plentiful as other sizes, so I was in and out quickly. The staff here was friendly and was helpful with my inquiries.
3	Having just come from the Goodwill down the street (and being a bit disappointed), I wasn't expecting much here. Suffice it to say I was quite surprised when I stepped foot in here.The aisles are much more open and the lighting makes it feel like a regular store than a thrift store. The selection of pots/pans was very nice, I found a like-new three-piece blue set, consisting of a stock pot, soup pot, and skillet (all with lids) for less than $20. The slow cooker selection was also good, and they all had their lids too! I also found a nice white dress shirt for 2.99.This will be my first stop when I need to do some thrift store hauling.
2	I consider myself a veteran thrifter. I first started thrifting in the early 80s, looking for cute mod hounds-tooth mini-skirts and 50s dresses in sharkskin. The 90s brought the record collector out in me and I could regularly be found flipping through crates of musty LPs looking for the rare 1980s new wave one-hit-wonder that I didn't already own.  During the 2000s it became items to wear with my own band onstage.That brings us up to today...these days I'm usually looking for interesting coats or accessories like scarves - or for vintage/cool kitchen and serving ware for food photography.  Out of all the Savers locations in Vegas, I like this one the least.  The shelves always seem somewhat barren and the prices sometimes rival retail!  There are a few places left in town where you can find cool stuff on the cheap - this just isn't one of them.
2	I like this Savers, but I got hit on by an employee and followed around the store even after I told him I was engaged (there's a rock on my left hand too, which should have said "unavailable" to him).  It creeped me out so much that I left because he would NOT leave me alone.  Then, less than a day later, he found me on FACEBOOK.  How did he find out my name?  What, did you filter results in Vegas by nerdy-ness?  Pretty freaking weird and stalker-ish if you ask me.  And dang it, I used to like to shop here.  I guess I can't go back now...
1	I have been going to Savers for about 16 years now(the one on spring mountain that is now on sahara.)    if you're wondering why your store is so empty lately, it's because people have caught on to your shenanigans.  For the first time, I noticed some of your women's blouses are priced at $12.99. are you kidding?  I've also been burned by you  by the people who lie about the prices in the display case.  you can't get away with this for very long, as you can see.  this is supposed to be a THRIFT store!  I used to go three times a week, now it's once every two weeks  also, when I do go every two weeks, many of the items are still there which means no rapid turnover.
