5	What a lovely and unique store. I have been looking for a place just like this and it was better than I had hoped. I am so sorry that I can't remember the girl's name who helped me. She took so much time with me and was so helpful. It was like having a personal shopper with me and she wrapped my items so beautifully. It is the perfect place to go shopping for a special gift or unique home item. The prices are extremly reasonable as well. It's located in Blakeny not far from Starbucks. I will be heading back in November when they put out more Christmas items!
4	Great little spot to find a gift for your mom or your best girlfriend. They have a nice selection of furniture, frames, vases, and other decorative items. They also have a small selection of greeting cards (on recycled paper with soy ink). The only downside was the smell of scented candles which I found to be a little over-whelming when you first walk into the store.
5	Are you ready for some excitement???  I am about to review my first home accessory, gift, and furniture store!  Hold on to your hats because here we go.First of all, location is prime and being in the snazzy Blakeney Shopping Center is clutch.  I made my way into this store while my wife was out of town and thought I would surprise her with something home-related.  What?? I did not know but it wasn't hard to find a nice smelling potpourri that she LOVES.  But before I just dive in a start writing a novel about how awesome this place is, I have decided to put my thoughts into list format.  1. The place smells awesome.  Sorry to put it so simply but it is true and it was the first thing that I noticed.  2. The staff was so warm and helpful.  Ask for Barbara - She knows her design craft like a fisherman knows the sea.  (*Full disclosure - We have been pals for a while, but trust me... she knows her stuff.  Also, I've seen the interior of her home --- magnificent to say the least).  3. The unique knick knack score is 5 Yelp stars.  4. Only negative - Can be a bit pricey but......5. Sale/Discount section.... check!  Cha Ching in my pocket!6. Massive amount of variety.  From lamps to ornaments to rare seasonings concoctions (salts).I think you guys are getting the idea. So, why not stop in... Take a break from the usual Home Goods type stores and see if you find that perfect accent to your crib..  Yeah, that right... YO CRIB!!   Happy Shopping!Enjoy!-Ian M.
