5	A great place for a treat! We always receive great friendly service. I enjoy the sugar free options. They have a punch card for frequent buyers and you can often find buy one get one free coupons on their FB page.
4	I went here on recommendation from a local and went with low expectations but I was so pleasantly surprised I came back for a second time on our 3 day trip to Mesa. FOOD: I ordered the baby size of the Banana Colada with Cream and loved it! Husband got passion fruit and he enjoyed his too. The ice is so light and it was the perfect amount of flavoring, my ice didn't melt at all! The second trip I went back the girl wasn't very friendly and poured waaaay too much syrup, I couldn't finish it. I'd suggest asking light syrup if you have to bank on it being inconsistent. SERVICE: Seems like it's all high school students working there. Takes a long time to make these but they do freshly shave the ice as you order. Store was really clean and lots of tables to sit and enjoy your treat and looked like there were table games you could borrow and play with.TIPS: I'd recommend just getting the baby size, it's enough for an afternoon treat. Always get cream!
4	We tried shaved ice also for the first time. If don't have a sweet tooth baby size is way to go. Small size is kinda big for my wife and I. They have so much flavor flavor to choose from. It was pretty good shaved ice though. I'm only giving it 4 star because the customer service is good but not that great. My wife noticed that the lady was kinda sarcastic in some way. It was our first, we were expecting to have explanation what's on that particular flavor or what not. Yeah maybe we'll come back again.
1	Horrible! My family and I went here months ago and we were in the drive thru for about 20 minutes. They couldn't get my order right! They kept asking what my order was. Do I really have to tell you what my order was 6 times?! The staff was slow, unprofessional, and rude. Then we finally got our order and drove off.... turns out they still managed to screw it up. We got different flavors than we asked for. We were never given a receipt. I contacted Bahama Bucks online and she said the owner would be in contact with me shortly... months go by and I didn't hear from anyone so I messaged her again asking what the hold up was. This went on for about another month... Then I finally got an e-mail from the "owner" and I couldn't even make out half the email. His English is severely broken and he makes no sense. Then he said he would send me coupons and I was okay with that... Another month goes by and I didn't receive anything. Then I e-mailed him and he argued with me!! He said I need to come in to get them. I am 9 months pregnant and do not have the time or energy to drive 20 miles to get a coupon. Then he was asking if he could come over to my house! What?!?!?! SO UNPROFESSIONAL. I said no of course and then he said he would mail the coupon and I suggested he use a tracking number. I never heard back from him and here we are 2 weeks later still with no coupon or solution. This is by far the worst experience I have ever had! I will never return to any Bahama Bucks nor will my friends or family. This place is horrible and the owner is a jerk.
4	Pretty much just a shaved ice shop.  Pretty good flavors and nice clean storefront.  It's nice to have a place that's got AC to sit down and cool off.  My wife really likes to add the icecream to the shaved ice.
5	Way better than a typical shaved ice at a carnival. Tons of flavors. Smoothies sherbet iced coffees and there are some flavors that are sour :) the tropic creme on top is AMAZING :)
5	I've been to this location lots of times. Shaved I've is really good. I usually get birthday cake ( a must) and strawberry daiquiri and the get the ice cream and cream on top. So good. I've always had good service. It's a snow cone place with high school kids running the joint so they do their best but I haven't had any service issues. I will be back many more times.
