1	This place does not fulfill the "ultimate ice cream experience."  The manager is completely rude and inconsiderate to the customers requests. I go to this Cold Stone several times because the other ones are too far from where I live. I have found hair, bugs, and even broken finger nails inside my ice-cream. The place has cockroaches and the lobby is never cleaned. Every time I walk in, it is a disaster. The tables are sticky with ice-cream and so is the floors. The workers all tell me they dislike their boss and all want to leave.What kind of franchise is Cold Stone running?I do not recommend this Cold Stone at all!  I stopped going last month.
3	I am not sure why this place is receiving such horrid reviews.   Interesting that a competitor opened across the way and a 1 star review shows up that mentions the competitor.   Let me just say that this cold stone is a typical ice cream shop experience.  Please don't allow negative reviews to detract you from stopping in to see what this place is like.   The cream is cold and sweet and delicious.  When I've gone in, the service was prompt and the cream was good.   The shop was also neat and tidy.   I've stopped in here on more than one occasion.  I've never seen this place looking nasty or dirty.   I would stop in again in the future.  As far as the service/staff, I've never had an issue.  The wait staff is generally teen-aged.   They act like teenagers.   This CSC is a typical ice cream shop.
1	I agree with you Peter D...that Cold Stone on 24th & Baseline is the nastiest place I've ever been to. The service is poor & the manager is cheap with his ice cream servings. He only puts the ice cream half way full & charges you for every little topping! I have never been to a store where they nickel & dime u too death. I would never go back to that Cold Stone again!!!One last comment as I was walking out the store, the bottom of my shoes were sticking to the floor. The floor was just filthy!!! Disgusting
5	Was a little hesitant to visit based on previous reviews, but decided to give it a try. The store is clean and quiet, didn't have much interaction with the staff but the gentleman wasn't rude or pushy. Will definitely visit again.
1	Had the Churro Caramel Crave and the churros were over cooked in the microwave and destroyed my desert experience. Nice kid who made it but maybe they should have fresh churros instead of microwaving frozen ones. Disappointed because I love Cold Stone but I honestly wasted my money.
1	Been to several Cold Stone's in different cities and states.   THIS one is awful.  One poor girl all by herself and she admittedly said she had no idea what she was doing.  I asked for a refund after almost chipping my tooth on the churro caramel ice cream.  It was inedible and over cooked.   My friend asked for banana, strawberry, pineapple, and chocolate with vanilla.  All the fruit was frozen and just plopped on top.   Not mixed in, chopped up or anything....It took forever to get our order because she was all by herself.
2	This was by far the worst cold stone creamery I've ever been too. They appear to be understaffed and not prepared. There was a line full of people. The place was disgusting. Floors and counters looked sticky. One of the employees appeared to be new while the other was overwhelmed and incompetent. Can't believe it took about 45 mins to get an order for my husband, son and I. 2 stars because its a great brand. Step it up franchise, don't give it a bad name.
