1	Awful, awful customer service - so bad in fact that we were too thoroughly disgusted to stay for the meal. We came here on a Sunday afternoon, which was my first and last time.  I've been to other Houston's locations in California - and have had decent times there.  In fact, I love the thai steak salad. However, this time some 20 year old idiot host walked us to our table (and before we even sat down) and told us "My mom taught me good manners, so I've always taken my hat off at the dinner table."  Huh?  First of all, I was dressed nicely in a button up shirt, and was wearing my favorite football team hat who had just won the championship the day before.  Secondly, I hadn't even sat down at the table yet, asswipe.  Thirdly, while I understand this isn't Applebees, this also isn't Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, douche bag.  And don't talk to me like I'm 7 years old.No sooner had the idiot host left before we walked into the kitchen to get the manager  to bitch him out about his insulting employee.  The manager was pretty much dismissive.  Well, guess what - I'm pretty much dismissive about this poor excuse for a restaurant. 1 STAR - not going back!!
5	Amazing Bartenders, awsome place to meet people if you're in your thirties and single (I met my wife there some years back now).  Food is just fine the menu is simple.  If you want a great meal go around the corner to Morton's.  Great scene on Thursday and Friday nights, starting about 4:30 pm, but it's  completely done by 7:30 at the latest.  Tip your bartenders well and become a regular.
4	Despite its corporate feel (dare I say "Corporationy!") I have found that the service is always great at Houston's, and the food is just as good. For you meat eaters out there, the Hawaiian Ribeye will blow your hair back in the best possible way. They always have a great selection of produce available and veggie dishes are outstanding. The only bummer is that it's a bit of a hot spot so it takes a while to get a table, and the clientele are a little douchey. In any case, on more than one occasion I have pulled the dinner and a movie date at Houston's and continued up to the Esplanade above. It's a good bet, but leave extra time at the restaurant to get yourself a table.
5	always good, always consistant great ribs and you have to try the hawaian rib eye..with that comes two things...NO HATS in the dining room and they will not sit incomplete parties even if they are in the bathroom! Get there early for lunch or dinner or risk waiting up to an hour. If you have to wait just go to Veneto across the parking lot for excellent Italian
3	Let me start out by saying that I really like their food.  I have never been disappointed... but I always leave there thinking why did we spend so much money on two burgers and a few drinks.   I have been other places where I get equally good food with equally good service at half the price.   Maybe the reason for the high priced food is for the numerous servers that come to your table throughout your dinner... one to take your drink/appetizer order... one to bring your drinks... someone to take your dinner order... another to bring it... different one to check on you.  seems excessive and i never know who my waiter/waitress is:).  All in all I don't have anything negative to say but don't feel like I can give them 4 stars.
2	Ok, I just do not get this place. At all. Packed with traveling insurance brokers, horny 30 somethings, and desperate housewife wanna be's, the scene is kinda terrifying. The bar was ok, except we had these meat head types breathing down our necks behind us because they couldn't sit at the bar and were obviously bent out of shape about it. When the hostess finally came to get us,  she told me I wouldn't be seated in the dining room unless I removed my hat. Is that a promise or a threat? When we were finally seated, the waiter was snooty. Snooty! Why?? You work in a glorified TGI Friday!! The food could have been outstanding (it wasn't) and it really wouldn't have mattered. There's so many better places to eat in this town.
4	I have always enjoyed Houston's.  I usually end up here on a Sunday afternoon instead of a weekday night, not sure why!  I've never had an issue with the service and the waiters are knowledgeable and welcoming, but it can be annoying that they refuse to seat you until your entire party is present- even if it is only a party of two!  You'll find a pretty diverse group of people at Houston's and like others have said, it makes for some interesting people watching.  I usually suggest this place when I'm meeting up with my grandmother for a late lunch, I can't really imagine going here to hang out and meet people.  But, that might be an age thing- I think the group looking to meet and mingle here falls into the box marked well above my 25 years.As far as the food goes, the veggie burger is AMAZING!  I eat meat, but opt for this instead of a real burger because it is so good.  The patty is nothing like a garden burger or boca burger, it doesn't pretend to be meat.  The coleslaw is also my side of choice with this meal.  The ribs are fabulous as well, some of the best!  Overall, great food and nice atmosphere with a slight touch of snootiness thrown in the mix (I have to say- I never really get the snootiness of some of the patrons in this place, where exactly do they think they are?)
4	Houston's is consistent.  The burger always tastes like the burger it was when I was in high school.  It is one of my favorites in town.  The french fries are the crispiest I have ever had, they are shoestring.  Not many people do shoestring anymore, probably b/c they'll clog all your arteries in one serving.One thing I don't like about Houston's is that they do no accept reservations with 5 or more people-- that is lame.We had to wait for a table for awhile but we sat out on the patio and enjoyed beverages, so that was nice.  It wasn't so hot yet that it didn't feel like torture. But it will be torture next weekend. Another meal I always enjoy is the rotisserie chicken and the vegetable plate.  I wish I could prepare a vegetable plate like that at home b/c then maybe I would eat more veggies. Service is always good.  The dark atmosphere is very relaxing as well.
4	I know when  Iwalk through the doors at Houston's  I can count on great service and great food and those are the things I most appreciate about an eatery. These things make spending a decent chunk of money completely OK for me. I have always have above average food here whether it be the butterfleid fillet, the veggie platter, the burger, or the best veggie burger I have ever sunk my teeth into ( yes you veggie's out there, the best). I usually go with the fish special. They cook over cedar planks and other flavor enhancing woods that really add something that you might not taste at home, and that is what I love about this place; I can leave not thinking I could have made that for half the price and it would have been ten times better at home. The drinks are good but, yes, overpriced. The desserts are awesome the chocolate sauce over the brownie is homemade, and the apple thing is superb as well. I must say the most impressive thing to me about any Houston's, SF, LA, SEA, PHX, the service is some of the best I have had in this particular price range.
5	living in san francisco, it's really easy to be chain averse...but when you're away from san francisco, i say, embrace the good stuff!Houston's is one of the "good stuff". i'm not a huge meat eater, but i will never say no to their barbequed pork ribs. no gimmicks or frills, they deliver well-marinated, well-portioned, well-serviced ribs -- and other food for that matter. the ambiance is comfortable, and the service was super sweet with a cherry on top. when you're away from home, it's nice to know what you'll be getting is that familiar friendly food.
4	Houston's is one of my fav's.  I think the part I like the most, is that they do not allow cell phones in thier dining room...according to the bottom of the menus anyway.  I have never had a bad meal here, and the service is really good too.  The bar is a bit crowed after work, but the drinks are good.Parking can be interesting if you don't like to valet (I don't), as the garage can fill up quickly.If you like steak, ribs or burgers, head over to Houston's.
5	I know this is a chain so some will always be against it.  But, I love it.  I've been going here for years.  I think the food is great....I just love it.  And I'm also very, very impressed with the service.  I think the place is very well run.  They must have 25 people working....seems like constant service when you need it.  Overall, one of my favorites.
5	Okay, I love Houston's even though it's a chain. I travel about 90% of the time with my job and Houston's consistently has good food, clean restaurants and great service (I don't understand why all restaurants don't follow their service mantra...where every server takes care of every table...you never have a dirty dish sitting on your table or want for anything for more than 5 minutes.) It is safe to say I'm probably Houston's number one fan! (Just ask my friends who know Houston's is going to be my first suggestion as the place to go eat.) I frequent the 24th St & Camelback location in Phoenix the most. "T" the hostess is absolutely terrific. I ALWAYS feel special when I go in there. All of the food is good. I love the smoked salmon or spinach dip as an appetizer. And the Ahi Tuna salad, the French Dip and the  chopped chicken salad are incredible. I try and make it in to the restaurant on Thursdays for their Chicken Enchilada soup which rocks! Finally, their Sundae is the best I've ever had. Unfortunately, it's difficult to make a choice between that and their key lime pie. I have a few complaints about Houstons, I don't like their tea or lemonade very much. Lemonade is too sour and the tea tastes artificial. I'm also bummed they don't have a blender in their bar for frozen margaritas. Perhaps it's because of the noise, not sure? The ambiance at the place is always relaxing. Portions seem to be getting smaller and prices have gone up (like everything else) so bring your wallet.
5	When it comes to food and service, Houstons is as consistent as it gets!! This Hillstone Group restaurant should teach Fox Restaurant Concepts a thing or two about this notion. Anywho.... I just wanted to let all Houstons soup fans know that they just changed the Sunday soup from Mexico City style to Mushroom Artichoke. =-0 I'm personally very disappointed with the removal of this favorite. However, I love mushrooms and artichokes. This soup is two thumbs up! Bon Appetite!
4	I frequent Houston's for dinner.  My office is in the Esplanade and I can walk there after work.  As a favor to some of the previous reviewers, here are a few tips.1.  Please be mindful of the placard at the entrance of the restaurant.  Hats, cut-off jeans, swim wear, sleeveless shirts, and cell phones are not allowed.  You may be able to get away with the cell phone; the dress code is strictly enforced.  Houston's is a unique restaurant that has a vast client base due to its ambience and food quality.  They respectfully request you to not wear your "sweat pants" and find a pair of jeans and polo.  2.  Houston's has an innovative approach to service.  You do not have one waiter, you have a team of waiters.  This is to ensure your glass is always full an your well take care off.  Do not be offended if you see multiple servers.  As long as your being well taken care off, who cares?They have an amazing veggie plate that includes fresh seasonal steamed veggies.  It changes frequently, but I am a huge fan.  If you are in the mood for a steak, Houston's is a great place to be.  Another personal favorite.
2	The last time we ate at Houston's, we waited 90 minutes for a table. They had quoted 45. We complained. They told us "just five to ten more minutes"  a few times. I was super hungry and expected something to be comped. Anything. I guess they didn't feel the same.And let's not kid ourselves - the food is just okay. I'm convinced people eat at Houston's because it's at the Biltmore, everyone wears their church clothes, and the decor is pretty nice. Dining here makes you feel like you have money, even though it's not very expensive. Or maybe that's just me.
5	Edit:  my review was for Houston's, now closed down.  This place is exquisite.  Mind you, this is the first time I've been here.  However, after a fiasco at trying to get a downstairs seat at Rokerij and then traversing a couple of other places, the only place that delivered was Houston's.  I will say, this is the only bar/restaurant that has merited a 30% tip from me.  Though they were out of the first bottle of wine we selected, they offered a better wine for the same price.  Sweet.  EXCELLENT service and very good food and wine.  That, on top of a really nice low-key ambiance accented by dim lighting, was what earned my rare five-star review of Houston's.
2	Houston's, you're a national chain.  Please tell your staff at this location that you are not a three star Michelin restaurant.
4	Here is my question.... Why are the Arichokes so hard to come by at Houstons?  Its a game now... I called today... ( Both PHX and SD ) to see if either location had my favorite app in this entire world... NOTHING... at either... in fact I have attempted to enjoy these in the last month... always either "sold out" or did not get them in.  WHY I ASK? WHYYYYYYYYY? They are so yummy... I will continure my hunt and continue to call and call and call...I will have my Chokes!
4	SO--I have had the same problem at Bandera and have asked and the server explained that the supplier didn't have enough.  Don't know about this, probably got left off the order or they didn't order enough.  Or maybe the supplier didn't get their delivery from CA before they delivered to the restaurant.  But I think I'll use your system next time and call first.  Glad to hear I'm not the only one on the short side.  Misery loves company!
4	Crowded but Definately worth the wait. If there are any single ladies looking for good looking men - not only is the food great but so are the men that eat here - wow! Great staff, very helpful and fun too! This is a chain but for some reason (at least at this location) it doesnt feel like it. Our waiter knew everything there was to know about the menu and was not lazy like most waiters at chains....Great food, great atmosphere!
5	Great food. Same owners as Bandara.Spinach dip delicious and rich. Will make you full.Veggie burger is delicious. What a pleasant surprise! Add some bacon and you'll be in heaven. Ribs are finger licking good.Fries are super thin and fun to eat. Cole slaw is pretty good too.If you get a tea, make sure you take out the tea bag after 2-3 min. They put too much tea in the pot, and by the time you drink your 3rd cup, it's bitter and over seeped.
5	Houston's is a great upscale rib chain. The location at the Camelback Esplenade is a really nice location (although I've never been to any other location so I can't make comparisons). The place has a great atmosphere; the dim lighting really works. There are often long waits during peak times, but there's a tunnel to Biltmore Fashion Park across the street, so you can kill a little time if you have a really long wait. The service can be a little slow, as it was on my last visit back in December, but the servers are good. I have to say, I've never had the ribs before, but I've heard that they are outstanding. Next time I'm in Phoenix, I'll have to try them. My favorite thing here is the Hickory Burger. It is excellent. It's a burger topped with Canadian bacon, cheddar cheese, and smothered with barbecue sauce. Shoestring fries accompany the burger. The burger just tastes really good. The combination of the barbecue sauce and cheese on the underlying patty works really well. The meat tastes great too, which helps. The bacon also adds to it. The fries are really good here; you have a selection of sides, but the fries are definitely the best choice. They're really thin, but they're full of flavor. I had the Apple Walnut Cobbler for dessert. It's huge! Everything about it was outstanding. The apples with the walnuts, the ice cream, it was all good. Overall, if you're looking for a really good, upscale American place in the Valley, head to Houston's either on Camelback or Scottsdale. It's worth it. Now if only they'd open up a location in NE Ohio (there are a lot of great chains with Valley locations that aren't in Cleveland).
5	Houston's - you have not let me down yet... I've been on numerous occasions to this location, and I have not one complaint.  Today for lunch, I met my friend and future yelper Ryan H, and I not only enjoyed the amazing company, but the meal itself.  I chose the ahi tuna salad and a side of spaghetti squash.  Each bite of salad was better than the next; i especially love the dressing, avocado, sesame seeds, mango, and ginger... yum!  And as if the salad wasn't enough food, I had to order the side of spaghetti squash since it's a daily special and I love it so much! Ryan had the ribs and seemed to enjoy those as well!A few weeks ago Jared and I were at this location before seeing a movie at the Esplanade Theater upstairs... we each had a glass of wine and shared the veggie plate which was also divine!  Albeit a bit pricey, but worth the splurge...I'll for sure continue to frequent both this Houston's and the Scottsdale location - one of the few 'chains' in AZ that are worth it.
4	Dependable. Like your favorite uncle who would always sneak you sips of beer. Dependable.Like shrinkage after a cold shower.Dependable.Well. Like Depends undergarments. Houston's. Solid. Dependable. And you know what? Damn tasty! Rickie and I had a pre Slumdog Millionaire lunch and shared the Hickory burger and the oh so famous spinach dip. First off, I have to say I forgot how much I LOVE the fries at Houston's. Totally my fave in all of fry land. The burger was cooked MW as Rickie requested and come out MW. I'm more of a MR kinda guy, but even at MW, this burger did not disappoint. Service is really great. We all know that. It was less robotic than I remember and for that I was grateful. God, I hate those forced, learned corporate bullshit greetings! Ugh...folks here seemed to actually have their own personality! Wow. Thank you Stepford Houston's. Have you loosened that Bolo tie recently?The crowd was uncanny for a Sunday afternoon. Rickie asked me if there was a hooker convention in town! Seriously. It was like a slut buffet parading around. Thanks Houston's. Good to know we can depend on you still. Like humidity in Houston.Or scorching summer temps in Phoenix. And asshats on the yelp threads.Chow my yelpitas!
4	All of the restaurants are excellent:  Houston's, Bandera, Rutherford Grill (Napa), and Los Altos Grill.  Service has been excellent every time.  All the food is excellent, however make sure you get the Tortilla Soup if available.  The ribs, french dip, and hot fudge sundae are great too.
4	I have read so many rave reviews on the veggie burger I passed up the French Dip and gave it a go. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. Was it an off day? The patty was covered in a sweet soy sauce that overpowered the burger. It was so sweet in fact I sent it back (I hate doing that). The new burger she brought (minus said sauce) was not impressive either. There was a serious consistency issue, it crumbled with every bite. A good veggie burger should stay formed while eating.. Another drawback is that it is 12 bucks, way to pricey for what you get. I'll happily pay 16 for the French Dip, it's well worth it.Our server was excellent and all the other options I have tried there have been great earning 4 stars. Word to the wise, if you like syrupy veggie patties that fall apart go with the veggie burger, otherwise be a carnivore and destroy the French Dip. Like I wish I would have today.
4	It's Houston's what kind of revelation were you expecting? Uniformly excellent service administered by the manager "T", who is always gracious and helpful; and every dish prepared exactly the same way every time. My favorites are the Hawaiian Rib-eye, french dip, and Thai Beef and noodle salad. Ice tea is dark and fresh and cocktails are strong. Nice outdoor space for lunch as well, despite a bit of road noise from Camelback. I eat here at least once a month, typically more and have never had a bad meal or service. True, it's a chain a foodies like to bitch about "the man" but they do what they do very well.
4	OK... it's a chain. It's also one of the very few places where my dad, boyfriend, and I can go and everyone can get a meal that they genuinely like. It's a little pricey and their dessert menu leaves a lot to be desired, but their frigging veggie burger is the most delicious one in the Valley. BAR NONE. Yes, it falls apart. I don't care. I slather a bunch of BBQ sauce on it and oh my god..... and the crispy little shoestring fries on the side are perfection. I will have horrible heartburn after every time but that's because I eat, like, three times more than I usually do just because it is so so delicious. My main tip is to park across the way in the Biltmore parking lot and walk through the tunnel, because the parking garage attached to that complex with Houston's is a total clusterfuck.
3	I craved french fries, not sweet potato fries (I've had plenty of those recently). I quick search of yelp didn't really turn up anything definitive, so I turned to my kids, who suggested Houston's. I was leaning toward AZ 88's waffle fries (which I still want . . . ).Houston's fries are very, very thin and crispy; not overtly seasoned, but not especially potato-y tasting. The were good-enough and satisfying; I prefer a thicker potato.To accompany the fries, I ordered the veggie bean burger. This is an excellent burger and if I had not tasted the Fez bean burger, I would rate this very highly. This burger also is stuffed with veggies and grains, in addition to beans,  and lacks the rich bean taste that the Fez bean burger has. It was a good choice, just not the best bean burger in town.Service at Houston's is always exceptional. The server tolerated our jokes extremely well and dished out a few of her own. My kids enjoyed their meals too - a bit more than me.
5	Houston's is a franchise.  A fine franchise.  I'm not here to talk about their food, their service, the ambience.  That's all perfect.  What I'm here to talk about is their Bloody Mary.  INow, I'm only talking about this Houston's Bloody Mary.  There is another Houston's in Arizona.  Do they make the same Bloody Mary?  No.  All the other food is the same, not the Bloody Mary.The Houston's in Phoenix uses a chilled glass and fills it with this concoction consisting of top shelf vodka, fresh tomoto and olive puree.  It's so simple and so fresh.  No mix.  It's a homemade Bloody Mary.  A beautiful thing.Even if you don't like Bloody Mary's or think having a Bloody Mary late at night is not the in thing, who the hell cares...this is the best drink Houston's makes and the best Bloody Mary probably in the entire Southwest.  Drink up.  Drink responsibly of course but drink up.Since having Houston's Bloody Mary in January, I've been on an avid search to see if some other restaurant can one up them.  I've tried maybe 100 places since then and no one has come close.No mix can compare either.  BTW...what to order besides the Bloody Mary...A house salad with blue cheese, French Dip Sandwich with the best French Fries on earth, and a big slice of their incredible edible Key Lime Pie.If you're going to die, have this meal and the Bloody Mary before you do.  You'll leave this planet with a smile on your face guaranteed.
3	OKAY..its a chain, right? AND for a chain it is 'okay' ... its a higher end chain.. so..DONT expect the best filet here, and I didnt, nor did I get it! But loved the spinach salad.. and I always base some of my 'value' on the wine list.. just where I come from! .. Thats how my family rolls! So..for a chain, an iffy steak.. a great spinach salad..but a great wine list..and the waiter seemed to know her wines! Valet parking complimentary..well, it needs to be.. because its tough to find parking.
4	I stopped in for a few drinks and some food with a few friends. We sat in the bar. The female bartender was really unfriendly in the beginning but eventually warmed up. They have fresh squeezed juices and I love that!! I had a delicious greyhound and ordered the Ahi salad. The salad was wonderful. The tuna was cooked perfectly and not smothered in black pepper like you find in most places. The dressing was a ginger vinaigrette and the accompanying salad had avocado, mango, cabbage and a delicious champagne vinaigrette. The atmosphere was nice and it was a good crowd at the bar. One word of caution... If you are wearing heels be careful going to the bathroom the floor by the kitchen was really slippery!
5	Consistently great food and service. Went for lunch yesterday. Ordered the peel and eat shrimp (which came out 10 minutes late and got comp'd) and the sashimi tuna salad- sooooo good. And if you are in the mood for a buzz, they make the BEST cosmopolitan. Really strong and really good.
2	We came here on a Friday night with high hopes with great recommendations from friends. Can we say very limited menu? Looking at the prices, I was expecting a more seasonal selection. Our server took forever to greet us. She barely even knew what the daily specials were! We heard the server at the next table list a couple of specials that our server had no idea about. Umm yeah had to pass on the 32 dollar strip steak special. Had the french dip (17 dollars), which was pretty good. The string like fries were tasty, just a bit salty. For the price and poor service, won't be going back.
4	While visiting my brother and family in Phoenix and after a great day in Sedona I took our families to Houston's for dinner. My daughter used to work for the Houston's GM at one of their affiliates, Bandera in Sacramento. The environment was a bit dark and very reminiscent of Bandera, which I like. Due to our daughter's connection out table (two)were treated to a nice assortment of appetizers which were all tasty, The artichoke spinach dip and salmon were particularly enjoyable. My brother and I both had the Hawaiian (teriyaki glazed) Ribeye and they )at least mine, was prepared perfectly, perfectly. Surprisinly they had one of my favorite wines on the list too - Napa Valley's Swanson Merlot (2005) and it complimented the steak very nicely. I finished with the 'Harvest' Cheesecake and double espresso and then we all drove back to my brother's house very content - thank you Houston's.
4	Ive been to this place a couple times in New Jersey, i went here with a friend for lunch. I knew already that i wanted the spinach and artichoke dip, something i think they do pretty well. I then decided to go with the Hawaian Ribeye Steak. I asked for it to be cooked medium-rare, it came out medium-rare. Something i am often dissapointed in restaurants serving steak. This steak was fantastic. Every bite just kept me wanting more and more, the sweet glaze they put on the steak tastes soooo good. I wasnt expecting to enjoy it as much as i did, in fact i can't wait to go back and order it again. Its no Ruth Chris or Mastro's quality but still very good for the price.
4	To me, Houston's on Camelback is Cheers. Been eating at the bar with Tom and Al for 20 years and they're always fun to see.
5	I am very lucky. I have a family member employed by Hillstone Restaurant Group, so I get to eat at Houston's fairly often (several times per year). We are very pleased with the food and service every time we go to Houston's, both the Phoenix and Scottsdale locations. The spinach dip appetizer is tasty. The accompanying sour cream and salsa are good mix-ins for the dip. Houston's serves meat from Allen Brothers and it has to be the best steak I have had. I definitely tasted a difference in their filet after they switched to Allen Brothers. The filet went from a 4.5 stars to 5 stars! Always cooked perfectly, very tender and great flavor. I'm never sorry that I get it every time! Traditional salad is always a good add-on... great combo of big chunks of juicy ripe tomato, bacon crumbles, crisp lettuce with delicious cheese toast on the side. Sides vary - I usually get one of the multiple variations of the seasonal vegetables. Roasted winter vegetables, roasted corn and the brussels sprouts are particularly good. Now I can't leave Houston's without at least a few bites of the hot fudge sundae. The hot fudge is thick and delicious. No sundae anywhere can compare. In the fall, the Harvest cheesecake (made with butternut squash) is a must have. Service is always top notch. Wait staff are very knowledgeable, attentive without being overly present.
2	Mediocre and overpriced. There's nothing "New" about their "New American" menu and underwhelmed is the most positive spin I can place on the entire experience. It's a very limited menu with 15 dollar sandwiches and salads, or 25-30 dollar cuts of meat.  Way to cater to the vegetarians out there with a veggie burger or an overpriced "entree" of seasonal vegetables. Do restaurants have any idea how boring it is to eat a veggie burger every time you go out? Get a little creative for christsake, it's not like you're lacking possible ingredient combinations.I had the ahi tuna burger, which was ground down to a mealy consistency and cooked until bone dry.  It was then garnished with grody, unimaginative toppings like pickles and iceburg lettuce. Top it off with a cloying sweet remoulade that did nothing to moisten the sandwich and you've got a bone dry tonsil scraper. The roasted chicken was on the greasy side but well seasoned. The couscous it came with was a misstep though. Someone threw a ton of whole mint leaves into it that made it inedible instead of "fresh," which I'm sure was the intention. The spinach dip was teensy tiny for the price, and why the heck is it served with canned, crappy salsa and sour cream on the side? Weird.The fries were the one saving grace. Skin on, super slim shoestring cut with the perfect amount of salt. But I've had fried and battered bulls balls and they've tasted good. Fry anything and it'll improve the edibility. Service was nearly nonexistant, although as a whole the etiquette was top notch when it was present. But it was a complete disconnect when compared to the cruddy food being slung. You're serving a French dip sandwich, not some wild Top Chef creation. Dial back on the smug.I don't ever see a need to return to a place that serves traditional (nothing new about it!) American food I can make better in my own home. I expect more from professional chefs than chicken sandwiches and steaks.Yawn.
5	Fridays are our date night and I must say I was extremely happy with our choice of restaurant. Houston's at the Esplanade has been a favorite of ours for years, but last night confirmed our feelings once again. After being told that the wait would be 15 minutes, we decided to go out to the patio and order our drinks. Less than 5 minutes later we were seated at our table. Impressive already! Our appetizers were wonderful! I didn't like artichoke until last night! Total Yum! My husband had the usual, the Pork Ribs and loved them.  As for me, I had the Grilled Halibut and couldn't be happier! The freshness and quality of my dish was to die for! I love Houston's!
4	I must admit I am not a fan of the chain restaurant! That said I feel this place does a lot of things right and I would certainly go back again. The food was very good, not great but it comes at a great price and it's presented well. The thing that I was most impressed by was the service. I don't know that I have had service like that in Mpls. The staff backed up each other like no other brigade I've seen. Well dressed and great personalities.If your in the area it's a must try!
5	i like it, i like it a lot! (you must say it like Jim Carrey in Dumb and Dumber.)We stopped in last night for dinner and cocktails.  I left quite satisfied with the experience.The atmosphere, service, pricing, and food were all top notch.  I really LOVED the grilled artichoke...you must try this.I am excited to check out the new facility that will be opening late this year.  It is right down the street (in the spot that Chevy's was located.)Check it out..
1	I need to tell you about the worst hostess experience I've EVER had anywhere.  Ann was unable and unwilling to even pretend to try and accomodate our simple seating request to have our 2 parties sit near each other, even though I'd made my reservation 2 weeks in advance withthat specific request.  Her attitude was unacceptable.
5	One of my fav restaurants of all time. I dare you to find better food & better service somewhere. Try the off-menu chicken tenders.
4	Amazing cheeseburgers!The staff is always prompt, the food delicious and the atmosphere is perfect for a date.  My family and I have gone to this restaurant for years and never had a bad meal.  If something was ever wrong with the food they (appeared) happy to fix it.  The only negative is they only have one or two tables that seat more the four comfortably.
5	Loooooooooooove me some Houston's! The hubs and I really dig this place, also whenever out of town family comes in, Houston's is always our first stop on the laundry list of places to hit up. We always start off with the artichoke dip. Freaken HEAVEN! The hubs usually gets the Hawaiian rib eye My usual tends to be the Grilled Chicken Salad, they put this amazing dressing on it that is phenomenal! Also, I generally order my salad with a side of fries, because 1. they are the most amazing fries I have ever had in my life and 2. I am a fat kid and fat kids love french fries. End of story. One things that i think Houston's could improve on is their dessert selection, its kinda weak. Delicious, but weak. I love dessert and Houston's dessert list does not fulfill my fatty needs. But that's ok, I will live. The wait staff is always on point! They are always knowledgeable of what the daily specials are and super friendly. Also they now offer complimentary valet parking, SCORE!
4	Houston's is consistently good. The staff is great and the place is as clean as a whistle. Great grilled artichokes and cheeseburgers. Server went above and beyond the call of duty to bring me a newly chilled glass for the martini I had been nursing.
5	Houston's is one of my faves---which I cannot believe I am admitting. Who admits to loving a franchise?? BUT...best burger around! (Since Welcome Diner, RIP) I will gladly pay $13 any day for your cheeseburger. Bonus points for a tasty veggie burger, too, as that is a rare feat for a restaurant to serve. And, so nice to experience courteous, polite-to-a-fault wait staff.
2	We came here today for lunch for my brother James' Bday.The lighting is very dim inside which I liked. The decor is modern cowboy, not my style but the chairs we sat in were comfy.There were 6 of us at the table & we all ordered the iced tea, expect my mom who always orders a sprite. We all agreed their iced tea was delicious. For our entrees: 3 ordered the Famous French Dip Au Jus, 2 ordered the Fresh Fish Sandwich & I ordered the Club Sandwich. All came with a side of "shoestring" cut fries. The French Dip was overall liked except one said his was a bit dry. The Fish Sandwich was the favorite among the entrees. My Club Sandwich was mediocre at best, nothing special. I'm not sure what the others thought (well besides my mom) but I loved the fries. I ate all of mine!Overall this place is nice but the food is way over-priced. I think I would have enjoyed my meal more if I had ordered a steak or even a burger but I don't think I will be coming back to find out.
3	It's been about 3 years since Ive eaten here, it's decent but I never ate anything that wowed me until last night. I ordered the veggie burger and their curry corn side. Let me start with the burger. I dont see what is so outstanding about it. It was good, it wasnt orgasmic. In fact it fell apart when I picked it up because the pattie wasnt packed very tightly, it would have been much better if ordered on it's own and not in burger form. It was a mess to eat. For veggie burgers Four Peaks is the place to go.Now the curry corn on the other hand...sweet jesus it was good enough to request as your last meal if you become unfortunate enough to be offered one on Death Row. I was actually irritated that my friend left hers until last because after mine was all gone she had a nice untouched pile just sitting their waiting to be devoured. I was green with envy as she ate each forkful without a care in the world while I salivated.Houstons I beg you to make this a regular dish!!!
4	I went here with several friends after a Happy Hour across the street in The Biltmore. I ordered one of their daily specials, a grilled fish sandwich with a side of curried corn and white beans. The meal was tasty, but then one of the other Happy Hour participants started raving about their chocolate sundae. So I split one with my friend across the table. He didn't lie. That sundae was PHENOMENAL! And OH so very decadent and (most likely) bad for you. It comes with a carafe of extra hot fudge (PURE EVIL!)...absolutely delectable!
4	I do love love Houstons! Had lunch here yesterday while traveling on business in Phoenix. I had the club salad! So good! I was so tempted to order my favorite dish- the french dip-but since I  had meetings and did not want to be in a food coma - I opted for the salad. The diet coke was soooo refreshing and the server was on it for refills! It was 110+ degrees out so OMG I needed a great thirst quencher! I thought the food was fabulous and the service was pretty good! :-) Great spot for a business lunch too!
4	Thai salad is fresh n tasty!
5	Although it leans on the pricey side of Phoenix cuisine, Houston's is by far one of my favorite places to go out for a nice dinner. Their veggie burger is beyond amazing (I always get the couscous on the side which is also delicious).On a recent trip, my boyfriend ordered the ribs on a recommendation. He said they were by far the best ribs he has ever enjoyed.
1	found a cockroach in the bathroom....I just left.
4	LOVE the veggie burger!!!  and I'm not a vegetarian.  It has a sweet soy glaze and does fall apart when you eat it so if that bothers you - don't order it.   I order veggie burgers to save on calories and for the "health" of it many times - but at Houston's it is a treat!  Yummy!  and the fries are awesome too!  Not sure what all the talk is regarding it being "pricey" - it's not fast food but it's certainly not expensive.  Moderately priced for sure.
5	Love their hamburgers, both regular ones and vege burgers. The staff, particularly at the bar, are great. (Tom and Al). The wine selection is good. Appetizers I love include the spinach artichoke dip and the grilled artichokes. Yum!
4	Pretty darn good pork bbq sandwich.Good service.Laid back fun atmosphere.I went for a late dinner on a weekday night.Was spacey, not crowded at all, and food was relatively quick.Parking is kinda tricky to figure out at first
5	So many things on the menu, so delicious. Our service could have been better, but we were there forever so he wanted to turn the table.
3	The service was over the top last eve at Houston's; Smiles, easy changes of seat locations, and a new frosted martini glass to refresh my slightly warmed martini. This latter gesture was provided without request - WOW. Our dinners were prompt and the seared tuna salad was close to perfect. The Asian steak dinner was also yummy. My one request to the kitchen - please, less salt!! My taste buds were ringing... I will be back soon - and know with their great service - I can also make this request with my dinner order! Thanks for making it an "event" with the incredible service.
4	I have been to Houston's several times now, but always for lunch. It's always been on my company's or boyfriend's dime. To me, it's more than what I like to pay for a lunch. But the atmosphere is very nice and the servers are among the best in the city. But the food is amazing. The prime rib french dip is divine and I get it almost every time. The fries are delicious and I over eat and plan on doing so when I go. Overall, a beautiful place for a business lunch, date, or place to grab a drink and app before a movie.
4	OMG!!! This place is amazing! It was my first time here and I just loved the food. It is a little pricey, but not too bad for what you get. My coworkers and I started off with the salmon and artichoke. I tried artichoke before, but I was not a fan so I was a little hesitant to try it again, but I am so glad I did. Their artichoke was so good and the salmon was even better. MMMMMM...goodness! Then I had the Hawaiian Rib-eye with Fries. My meal was wonderful and I practically ate it all. My boss had the Barbecue Pork Ribs and the meat was like falling off the bones. It was ultra good!
3	I took my husband here for dinner for his birthday.  Right off the bat, I gotta say that if you are waiting for your table to be ready and there's no room at the bar... you'll be standing.  There's no seating in the lobby of the restaurant so when your wait it 20+ minutes- prepare to be on your feet if the bar is full, which it was.The menu is small but that always suggests to me that they have really mastered their menu.  They have lots of wine choices and a full bar.  The wait staff is really on top of their game as far as refills and checking on you.My husband ordered the Hawaiian rib eye and was very satisfied.  It was a generous portion and a huge loaded baked potato.  I ordered the salmon.  The fish was good but be warned that it's all cooked medium.  I had to send it back to be cooked more.  I don't know if that's a fine dining thing but I've never gotten a fish that wasn't cooked all the way through.Also, if you're a vegetarian and ordering a salad- make sure you ask no bacon.  I got a side salad and it came loaded with bacon so my husband ended up eating most of it.  They don't have many options for vegetarian dining.For two dinners, a side salad, an appetizer and one drink (my husband had water) our bill came to $88 w/ tip.  Pricey.
5	the chicken salad with the peanut sauce is delicious! its perfect every time. service is stupendous. atmosphere is great for dates or lunch. menu can be a little boring, but whatever you choose you will probably like. my family cannot get enough of the artichoke appetizer.wine choices are good, too. although ive noticed they dont put ice in their waters automatically. who wants a cup of water with no ice?also, i just had surgery and went in a wheelchair. they were so accommodating!
4	I've been to the Scottsdale location dozens of times but this was my first Phoenix experience.  I have to say that I like this location better.  It wasn't way over-crowded or way too loud like the Scottsdale location.  They do pretty much force you to valet park which I am not a big fan of, but everything else was better than the Scottsdale location.  I especially liked it that the refills came fast and without asking.  The waiters/servers didn't seem as flustered as they do at the other location.Anyway, the food was pretty solid as always and there are really no bad choices on the menu.  I had the grilled artichoke which was phenomenal, Caesar salad and a burger.  The apple cobbler thing was just 'eh.
5	This is my favorite fine dining in town.  I only go here 2 or 3 times a year because it's a little pricey for dinner, but wow, what great food!  Dessert is awesome here too, love the Sundae.  I just went here for my birthday last week and it still lives up to expectations although they don't carry my favorite anymore (double cut grilled pork chop).  They might start carrying it after they move to their new location though, here's hoping!  If you're looking for a classy place with great dinner dishes then this place is highly recommended, just please dress accordingly and don't try wearing a hat, not allowed!
5	Yeah, it's a chain and I'm not normally a fan of chains, but Houston's always hits the spot and I've never had a bad meal there. I think Houston's is the most consistent restaurant that I've ever been to and I've been dining at various locations of Houston's since I was a kid. Since I've lived in PHX, the Biltmore location has been my home base and I eat there several times a month. Most of the time, we come in for a late dinner and sit at the bar and let Tom and Al take care of us. These two are among the best bartenders in the Valley and will remember your drink of choice and other preferences after just a few visits.
5	If you are looking for the best veggie burger in town, look no further.  I first tried Houston's veg burger when my carnivorous friend ordered it a few years ago...I've been hooked ever since.  In addition to a great veg burger, the staff is wonderful and always allows substitutions or clean steamed veggies as side options.
3	This place is misleading, and not in a bad way. You pull up to a joint next to the Ritz Carlton.... valet park your car, walk in to a dimly lit swanky area and sit down. Open up the menu and whoa - this place is not as expensive as it looks.I wasn't sure what to order. I'd been eating steak for the last few days and I was wondering if I should do fish or something else... it was a really interesting menu - lotsa different choices. My first instinct was to go with something safe and order a french dip - it's my favorite sandwich. But I also didn't want just meat and starch, so I got the Thai Steak and Noodle salad instead. It sounded pretty good. I also ordered a Hefferveisen - the last time I had one was on Venice beach with a good high school friend of mine and I remember really enjoying it - even though I'm not much of a beer drinker. The Hefferveisen they brought out was disgusting. No idea where it was brewed. it looked fresh, but tasted like rubbing alcohol. BLEH.And the thai steak and noodle salad - the first few bites we ok, but it was just a mash-up of all things that might be thai with some avocado in it. It, too was gross. So much so, that I actually sent it back. This is not something I generally do, but I absolutely could not eat it and I was still hungry! So I asked them to bring out something safe: the french dip.The french dip was good and the fries that came with it were good. Don't go to Houston's if you're looking for cultural fare. Go there for their American fare. That's what they tout and that's what they're good at.
3	Lack-lusterI have been disappointed the two times I have visited Houston's.  Their veggie burger is soggy and grainy at the same time (I am not sure how they managed that)...not an appealing taste.  Their "famed" baked potato was dry and was nothing out of the ordinary.  Frankly, I could have made something better for myself and saved the money.  The redeeming factor was that the service was decent and the restaurant was semi-attractively decorated.  Overall I would not come back unless I have to (aka my friends drag me along)*** Was informed by a fellow yelper that the place re-opened down the block under a different name, HillstoneI hope the new name was followed by a new menu.
4	Bye bye Phoenix Houston's, hello Phoenix Hillstone!I've been a huge fan of Houston's for years, and had mixed emotions when I heard that they were closing the Phoenix location and opening just down the street under their parent company name, Hillstone.  But after one visit, I'm sold... Hillstone has the same favorite dishes that Houston's had (spinach dip, grilled artichoke, veggie burger, fresh vegetable sides, fries, desserts, etc...) and they have a huge wine list as well.  Service is attentive and sweet (thanks McKenna who was our waitress last night).  Thanks also for going above and beyond and creating rootbeer floats for our table upon request!The Hillstone group did a fabulous job building this new restaurant - it's got a great outdoor seating area, a huge bar, an awesome wine cellar, and comfy booths inside as well.If you still want the old name (Houston's), the location in Scottsdale / Hilton Village is still open, but I highly recommend checking out Hillstone to change it up just a bit.Welcome to Phoenix, Hillstone, and yay for me... first to review!
5	Houston's has always been the "go to" restaurant for my in-laws. Whenever anyone is visiting from out of town we go to Houston's for a nice casual dinner. We were a little sad when they told us they were closing, but excited that they were building a brand new building just down the road. Last night the Hubs, mother in law and I decided to hit up Houston's. We pulled up to the valet and no one was there, we look and Houston's is gone. Then we looked and noticed the Hillstone sign was lit. The hubs and MIL didn't believe me that Hillstone and Houston's were the same company. But they are! Woot! The new building is AMAZING! I loved the patio, though they will only serve apps and drinks out there, they wont let you have dinner out there which is to bad considering last night was perfect out door dinning weather. The new building has that same Houston's vibe, only its way bigger! It now features two bars AND a sushi bar! The food is still the same and still just as amazing as it always is! One note of complaint however. The old Houston's used to offer a Riesling by the glass, now its only by the bottle, which is a total bummer because that's all my MIL will drink. We really had a great experience as we always do with this company.
1	Hey Gabi M. wish we could agree. On our recent visit there, it became such a comedy of errors that they actually comp'd the entire meal.A+ for design and architecture, nobody appreciates a fine terrazzo in the bathroom like we do, but D+ for food and service. Having said that, it is Hillstone (Houston's) and the one thing they are best known for is their impeccable consistency. We are more than confident that they will pull it together in short order and continue to succeed in their real business -- printing money.
5	Still my go to when I am in Phoenix. Same menu as Houston's plus sushi. Some items may have gone up a buck or two, but still fairly reasonable. Service was great, I appreciate how they always have a team of people bring out all the meals at the same time.The new facilities are great. The bar has plenty of seating and the outdoor patio is nice and large.
4	This was our first time to the restaurant since they moved across the street  and changed the name to Hillstone.  The lunch menu is similar to the old Houston's menu, though it appeared to have some minor changes.Our service today, unlike what some have reported here, was fine.  In fact, if anything multiple members of the staff seemed to go overboard and checking up on us and finding if any issues existed at very regular intervals.As we stopped by for lunch on Sunday, I just grabbed the hickory burger and cole slaw, while my wife had the salmon with roasted beets.  The food was up to the standards of the old Houston's.  My wife also tried out the sushi (she goes for that sort of thing--I generally don't) and she was relatively impressed.The new building is similar in layout and design to the old location, but much brighter than the former Esplanade location, now sporting outside seating in the bar area.  There's even a bit of a skylight on the west end of the facility.  Right now it helps show off the local weather, though we'll have to see how well the new design handles Phoenix summers.For those who haven't been around in a while, the building is a new one, located on the site where the old Chevy's on Camelback used to be--just to the east of the Chase Bank on the north side of Camelback.
2	As I begin to write my review I realize the server I am about to disparage is gossiping with the hostess behind me discussing her discontent with her most recent tip. This is NO Houston's! What happened to ensuring a well manicured table, timely service, and a full glass of wine. Boo.
5	I felt the need to sign up for Yelp just to write this review for Hillstone. In the hokey world of Phoenix / Scottsdale Arizona it was refreshing to walk into a restaurant and not feel like you were in a scene from "Hey Dude". The food albeit nothing surprising was great. The service staff may have beem a bit too friendly for a person used to the Big City, but it was welcoming. All in all enjoyable visit.
2	Long and short of it. Service was awful. Friendly enough staff, unfortunately very slow to respond, forgetful and not well informed of menu details. Seemed like a very green staff.I really liked the ambience of Houston's, busy, but not loud. It had a great vibe and a nice synergy with Merc Bar across from them. Hilstone, while nicely designed for appearance was incredibly loud.  Tables seemed smaller and more tightly packed.  You could hear everyone's conversations around you.Food was great.  Really enjoyed the sushi.  The Hawaiian Rib-eye was however tough. Ribs were great as usual.Another issue was the check was short by $100 when it arrived.  They forgot to add what we drank and ate on the patio.  Took over 15 minutes to get it cleared up.  This place must be under new management and wait staff.  I didn't recognize anyone from the old Houston's staff.Seems way too corporate in mentality like Applebee's or Chili's.  The only reason to go there is for the food, but for some of us that's just not enough.I really hope they can turn this place around.
4	I've always been a fan of Houston's and I am a fan of Hillstone. I've dined there 3 times since it has opened.The new location is great (albeit some what confusing to find the entrance - head to the northside of the building -counterintuitive to a building fronting Camelback Road). Love the ambiance on the patio and the bar area, dining room is okay (not a fan of the artwork).Food is consistently good. (Yes, portions are somewhat smaller than the old Houston's.) The prime french dip and fries are a favorite. Fish is always fresh and its nice that sushi was added to the menu (not amazing, but a solid option). Salads are crispy. Overall a solid dining experience.Bar service is great - fast and friendly. Dining room service could tighten up, but give the service team a break and allow them to adjust to the new digs. For the whinners that have reviewed Hillstone - please stay away. That much faster for everyone else to be seated.
4	Houston's/Hillstone is still great with same menu overall, except they now have decent beer on tap.  Love the traditional salad with garlic buttermilk dressing, the vegetable of the day, and jazz you can kind of hear over the always lively chatter.  Like the tunnel under Camelback to walk back to the Esplanade for a movie at the rarely crowded AMC.
2	Houston's Esplanade always did more things right than not, but it had also been declining, almost imperceptibly, since the nineties. Pricing consistently outstripped inflation, the kitchen's impressive attention to detail began to slip on a couple entrees, and for some time, they ceased reciting prices on heavily marked up and misleadingly touted "specials" .  Our first visit to Hillstone represented an acceleration of that decline. The stone and glass prairie style building's very attractive inside and out, but I couldnt find the front door. Neither could a bunch of other drivers, circling the property. Maybe the architect feels this adds to one's sense of discovery, but I found sardining my way through an overcrowded megabar at the wrong end of the building, in order to locate the restaurant checkstand, to be an unwelcome pain in the ass. Our table split an attractively plated $17 sushi sampler that was tasty, but we never got plates.  The food's always been quality and still is, but a vinagrette on the steak and noodle salad wasmore acidic than before, and a fish entree was described as "a little overcooked".  Other entrees were excellent, as before. A small quality step down from across the street. Our server oozed a scripted, contemptuous charm, designed to inflate the bill and tip with every breath, yet provided less tangible service than I normally get in an IHOP.  Houston's staff, at times, could be stiff and occasionally obsequious - but never this agressively insincere or useless.  My water glass was empty almost half the evening.  We asked for a bottle that eventually arrived, so we could serve ourselves. That ran out too, and sat for ages.  We intended to split a dessert, but the waiter pushed so hard the whole table felt condescended to and we opted to skip it.  To my astonishment, not once during the meal were we solicited as to how our food was or if we required anything.  At least not while we were eating, when it might've mattered. That changed as soon as my wife lingered over coffee, in lieu of dessert, which prompted our starched white shirt to "inquire" if she didnt like it - evidently because her cup didnt empty fast enough to turn his next table.  It was that kind of evening. Overpriced (everything's gone up a buck or two). Shitty, ingratiating service masquerading as fine dining.  There are more suits now, Managing (something other than service, evidently) By Walking Around.  Booths are smaller, so that a quarter of my upscale table space now belongs to a condiment caddy.  The old dining room hummed with a muffled energy; this one's just loud, like a diner or Suns game.  We frequented Houston's since it opened in 1988. Hundreds of times. But we felt uncomfortable and, frankly, kinda played here. We'll give it another chance this summer. Houston's was too good not to. But if anyone from Hillstone is reading this, let me share the best part of our evening. It was in the crowded foyer, waiting for a table - something I'm normally impatient with anyway  - moreso because my 79 year old mom had no place to sit. (It was a cold, New Years eve night and everyone was cramped inside).  But you've got that wonderful, busy kitchen counter right there, and my wife struck up a little conversation with one of your hard working grill men.  We recognized him from across the street and exchanged wishes for a Happy New Year. That was the only genuine, pleasant interaction we had with your overly groomed staff all night.
3	So glad Houston's moved their old location to this impressively designed building.  Apparently it is lifted off the ground just enough so no car lights shine into their glass walls....I could go on and on about the design but take it from a FLW/modern/contemporary enthusiast and with a lil Asian flare, you have Hillstone.Why they decided to not serve a full menu on the patio probably has to do with the fact that they decided to make it like sand box...literally the ground is set up like a zen garden but for dining, it doesn't work.  Having watched almost a half dozen people trip (we started watching and counting....part of the fun from the evening) it was not fun having the small pebble/kitty litter ground dust up my freshly polished, black shoes.Service was so bad that we got 3 free drinks and an order of sushi BUT the fact they realized the service wasn't atypical for them so it didn't really bother us...although my trying to stay slimmer a$$ didn't have a Mich Ultra option for a beer.....wah-wah. Same impressive Cole slaw noted by my guest and their mango, coconut shrimp, Thai, and spicy tuna rolls were ALL fantastic.....also I guess the wasabi is organic so instead of a huge glob that one would assume to accompany their roll, it is asked if desired, and then a small amount is served.....not sure I agree with this attention to detail since I couldn't tell, but that's me.Overall, it's a Biltmore and Phx-metro must....if they pick up the service and fix those patio issues then they would get a 4.  A place that is too loud to eat in the restaurant and has on the menu "No Cell Phones In the Restaurant" would never get 5 from me. The mid to late 40's is the average age which isn their fault but another factor to me that holds a location from perfection.-jab
3	I went to Hillstone for the first time tonight.  The restaurant is quite striking and in many ways is a homage to Frank Lloyd Wright--very prairiesque in its design.  we sat at the bar--when I got there at 5:30  the wait was a half hour, by later in the evening it had grown to 1.5 hours so, at least now don't consider it if you want a quick bite.  Even at the bar--folks seem to have settled in for the evening --me included--as I was there for almost three hours.  I have to say the wine starts at $9 a glass so if you plan to spend the evening it is not going to be inexpensive--so no so much because of the food--except for the fact that there was one special that was steak and was $40--which I think is somewhat outrageous for this economyanyway--to get back to the food--I had the club salad--and it was nice--nothing spectacular--i think why I will go back is more for the ambiance of the restaurant it self--service from the bar was okay--they are busy so don't expect a service level that blows your socks off, but I do think they were giving it their best shot.  in spite of it all --there was a nice vibe sitting at the bar that I liked.
4	Don't know if there is any truth to the contention that the only reason Houston's rebranded itself as Hillstone was to avoid having enough restaurants to be required to disclose its calorie content....I don't care though.  It's still Houston's with the puzzling addition of sushi.  I'm not sure they get many orders for sushi and would as soon see that middle space be used as a dessert bar or extra bar.  They still have the great veggie burger (although with the recent additon of beets it seems sweeter) and the fried chicken salad.  Again, I don't actually want to know the calorie contents so I'm good with the non-disclosure.  The new location is huge.  There is a piano in the corner and a large patio.  It is much lighter and brighter than the old location due to lots of windows.  I especially love the double doors which are huge and remind me of a bank.  Plus they have a little koi pond even :)
4	This just in: Houstons is on steroids! Yup, it's true. If you're familiar with Houston's you're familiar with Hillstone. But, Hillstone is better in my opinion. Why? -Wonderful outside "first come first served" patio seating with fireplaces -Indoor/Outdoor space for the bar area -A sushi bar (and shockingly really good sushi. We had the mango salmon roll - delicious). -No need to worry about Valet... lots of parking. -Great service.What hasn't changed is the menu and the crowd. Still your 40+ real estate suits - or should I say jeans + a blazer - and all the cougary women that come along with these men... Not knocking it, simply the truth.Overall, a great place for a good American meal, people watching or to take your parents. This isn't a place you'll be racing to take your friends who just came into town... it's a chain restaurant. There are way too many locally owned gems in the Valley to spend too much time here.
4	The building, ambiance, and interior are gorgeous, warm and relaxing. It's a much cozier restaurant than the old Houston's on Camelback. The menu is much the same, thankfully. We started out with the grilled artichoke and it was good (it's not on the menu) but I think the grilled artichokes at Wally's and North are better.We had a party of 7, and 3 people ordered the French Dip Sandwich with fries. Their fries are killer (really thin and yummy), and everyone seemed pleased with the sandwich (at $17 or $18, I wouldn't think of it).Two in our party had the Thai Steak and Noodle Salad ($16) and I was tickled when I tasted it (still, a salad for $16...NOPE!).I ordered the Smoked Salmon starter as my entree ($12) and had a side of their braised red cabbage with goat cheese (to-die-for at any cost). The salmon was okay, but I personally think it needs to be smoked a little longer...All in all, it's a good restaurant with impeccable service. Still, those prices seem a little steep to me....
2	DISAPPOINTMENT NAMED SALAD.  I've been going to Houston's for 23 years (I started young) and I've been getting the same dish EVERY single time.  Why?  Because it's great EVERY single time.  Never have to worry.  Except this time.I usually split the salad with someone along with the artichoke dip.  Dip = great.  Salad = Worst.  When did we change it up and add corn?   And the portion was the size of a side salad.  Side salad?  Really?  Are we that pretentious Hillstone?  And never mind about mentioning the difference of proportion to your waiter.  It doesn't go anywhere.  Which was another first.  All in all, a Debbie Downer of a meal at the sorta new Houstons.
4	Hillstone is one of the new step-children of Houston's (not sure why they're changing the name in every city) but you know you're going to have excellent service when you're here!I came with girlfriends for a casual lunch to catch up and we definitely enjoyed ourselves.  We have a bottle of wine and the spinach dip o start.  The wine was amazing (but for some reason not at the right temperature, wasn't cold enough) and the spinach dip was pretty good.  I also had the soup and salad (clam chowder and house salad) which were both fantastic.  My only complaint is that I wanted more of that soup!  With Phoenix being so far from water, good seafood isn't easy to find and this clam chowder tasted like it was fresh and full. We were too stuffed for dessert but the options definitely looked yummy!Oh, one last MAJOR gripe - PARKING!  In Phoenix parking is rarely a concerned.  Well at Hillstone at noon on Friday, I had to circle around the parking lot for 15 minutes before I found a spot.
4	I got a $100 gift card to Houston's restaurant for Christmas.  I decided to save it for mine and my boyfriend's 7th anniversary in February.  The friend who gave me the gift card recommended I go the the restaurant in 26th Street and Camelback, rather than th one in Scottsdale, which I live next to.  Houston's and HIllstone are the same company, they just name their restaurants different things.  Anyway, my friend recommended the one on Camelback, so we went there.My guy and I arrived around 6:30-ish, and we had to wait about 30 minutes for a table.  When they called our name, we went inside, and the place was packed to the gills and it was NOISY.  Like, techno-dance club noisy.  We had to raise our voices pretty high as we leaned towards each other over the table to discuss what we were going to order.  We gave up on conversation at that point.There's not a whole lot on the menu, and it's really straight-forward.  IF you look on the Hillstone restaurant website, you can browse the menu before you go.  We both ordered the same thing: the hawaiian rib-eye that came with the side of loaded baked potato, both of us ordered a caesar salad, and I ordered us a plate of the grilled artichokes as an appetizer. The artichoke came out before the salad, which was weird, but no big deal.  And, the artichoke was heaven on a plate!  Seriously, I could have made a meal out of those things alone.  I think there was olive oil drizzled over them before they were grilled, and then then I'm not sure what seasonings they used, but there was definitely sea salt sprinkled over them before they were brought out.  They aren't on the menu, which is surprising considering how many of them we saw being delivered. My only concern was: how to properly and politely eat it in a nice restaurant.  Rather than look ill-mannered, I simply asked our server how to politely partake of this dish, and she laughed and said there wasn't really a polite way, ya just gotta use your fingers and dig in.  I can get behind that! So, I thanked her and we happily dug in, and it was just delicious.The caesar salads were also delicious, and the dressing was unlike any caesar I'd had before.  Most caesare dressings tend to be more cream-based, or at least have a creamy texture, while this one seemed more oil-based, and wasn't really creamy at all.  But, it was still good, and I'd order it again. Our entrees came out after that, and the baked potate was really big and covered with sour cream, grated white cheddar cheese, chives, and real pieces of chopped up bacon. The steak was a nice sized.  We ordered them done medium, and I think they were a bit more medium-rare, but that's a chance you take at steakhouses.  Everyone has different ideas of what rare, medium and well mean.  But, my boyfriend likes his steaks pretty pink, and I like mine REALLY pink, we we were both fine with it. There wasn't a description of what "hawaiian" meant, but usually it means a sweeter flavor.  I'm not big on sweet flavors combined with meats, so...it was a little off-putting when the steak had a sweeter flavor, but it was still really good.  I'm not a big rib-eye fan, as I prefer leaner cuts like sirloin and filet mignon, but this one was pretty good.  The baked potato was definitely generous sized, but there was no butter on it, and the cheddar cheese and the bacon pieces really overpowered the flavor of everything else, plus no butter meant that the inside of the potato was dry.  However this is easily remedied: next time, I'll tell them to hold the cheese and bacon, and ask for some butter.  Problem easily solved.All in all, the only issues I had were small ones that weren't really a big deal.  The staff was very efficient and courteous.  Prices: the grilled artichokes: $11, Rib-eye entree: $28, salads: $4, soft drinks: about $3, I think.  Altogether, with tip, the bill came to about $110 for two people.  And, for some reason, when you order soft drinks, they bring them to you in a glass bottle, with a glass of ice.  Never seen that before in a restaurant, especially not a more upscale one like this.Bottom line? I'll be back.  Terrific service, terrific food, but be prepared for a long wait time for a table.  And due to the noise level, and crowd, DON'T go if you're trying to have a nice, quiet, romantic evening with someone special.
3	With an identity change this restaurant is all location, architecture & Super Stylish Sexy ambiance! After 23+ years' great epicurean service to the city of phoenix Houston's moved across the street to their own new stand alone building. (Who figured out your parking quota???)They spared no expense as far as making a magnificent 5 star atmosphere presentation... The ambiance of this restaurant is off the charts! If you have a date you want to impress or clients you want to razzle dazzle this place is off the hook. This restaurant is much more formal, so dress well!  So why didn't I give them five stars? Well I waited for several months before going in, so the hoopla had died down, & they would have a chance to fix any corky things you get with a new establishment! The servers all had the same well trained Houston's' marching army/team getting your dishes to your table as quickly as possible. The only problem was they kept bringing out someone else's dish. I mean the wrong appetizer came out, than the wrong dish, & finally the wrong dessert! The first time I shrugged it off as it happens, but after the second time, I was a little concerned! (I don't like other patrons breathing on my food!)The Food Quality is exactly the same as all the other Houston's restaurants! They are using prettier dishware than before, & the dishes have smaller portion area on them. My Thai salad was 30% smaller than it used to be in Houston's! (Seriously!!!) The prices did go up again which I didn't like, but you are getting better ambiance. They also added sushi to the menu!The ambiance, the outside waiting area (Rock Garden with Fire place & Fountain) is very romantic! Great place to have a few drinks with a date before dinner! The Bar is wide open & very loud, a great place to check out members of the opposite sex! A lot of hot cougars congregate here in twos & threes! The restaurant although very noisy is sexy & stylish!Did I mention the Prices went up! I use to frequent Houston's several times a week, because I thought it was a great value for the dining experience!  I regularly go there alone for lunch or happy hour & sit @ the bar alone & inevitably meet a friend! I just don't see that happening here.
5	One of the best restaurants in Phoenix.  I take all my guests here when they visit town.
3	Hillstone where did it all go wrong?  Just had lunch and from the parking, the unfinished patio where I can only order apps and what can only be described as the worst sushi second only to the bulk garbage at the supermarket..the experience is a total let down..some one told me the name is a result of the fact if you have more that 20 restaurants with the same name you have to add calorie info. Houston's has 20+  so why not just change 1 or 2 to the awesome, roll off the tongue Hillstone. .Back to the sushi...enough with the sesame seeds ok I want to taste the fish! The rolls were down right gross..and the price...really I don't think so..Stick with the burgers, steak and side and I sure you will be satisfied..ps..Your sushi stinks get rid of it
2	I was a fan and frequent customer at Houstons.   After two visits, I am so unimpressed with Hillstone that I won't return.I will focus on my biggest disappointment.    I used to love their veggies.   They were awesome.    Whatever else I ordered, the veggies were a "must."   One of my favorites was their cauliflower.   It was lightly breaded, crisp, and perfectly seasoned.    Now, the portion is smaller, and the cauliflower is rubbery.    What's fun about that?I could cite other details, but everything pretty much follows the same theme:  Smaller Portions.   Lesser Quality.    A business model that is pretty hard to understand with the out-of-the-gate popularity of the place.
3	Drinks, Dinner, Lunch...check. And no matter when, it is packed. I just don't quite know why. Yes, it has a great patio, good service, most of the time, and some very attractive staff...but the food is just that, food and nothing that really stands out once you get below the surface. Then again, that comment could sum up more than just the restaurants in this town. Ultimately, it looks good, makes a fun stop, and gets you what you need...kind of like that woman you met in Old Town. Problem is, that woman you met, well she met 5 other guys that night too, and ultimately, when it's time to step up, you will probably need to grow up and choose a different option if you want deeper satisfaction. Not that there is anything wrong with enjoying the scenery and having some fun.
3	I used to love going to Houston's at the Esplanade - even my 3 year old son said it was his favorite restaurant.  After moving to their new location, I have been there twice and have been very disappointed.  Although the food is still very good (I love the grilled artichokes, French dip sandwich and baby back ribs), the service has gone downhill.  Both times we were waiting way too long for our food.  We also had to ask multiple times for items that were ordered to be brought to the table before we just cancelled the order completely.  As much as used to love this place, I will not be going back as much as I did before (usually once or twice a week).  I am hoping they will get there service back to where it used to be!
3	Visited Hillstone to give them another try a couple weeks ago.  Finally had the time to sit down and write an update.As usual the food was great.  The service, while better this occasion was still a bit off.  Two examples:1) Length of time for wait staff to revisit our table for refreshments was fairly lengthy in comparison to the old Houston's.2) When asked about the sauce used in the Thai Tuna Roll, the waitress looked very blank and then said it was in the roll. She replied, tuna and some sort of Thai sauce.  Noooo kidding.I will give this place another chance and another star because I really like their food.  I will more than likely return.  However, I will update with new reviews until it's back to the place I remember.
4	While traveling thru the area I stopped here and ate dinner  a few days ago with my college student son   The food was really good.  Son had the burger combo, and I ate the french dip.  We ordered the fire roasted artichoke and it was to die for.  It was so good, i'm now googling the heck out of fire herb roasted artichoke to make my own.  My son told me the artichoke was the best veggie he's eaten and he's a picky eater.  My beer was served very cold, the service was great.  Their menu is sort of basic and not foo foo.....; salads, burgers, steaks, etc. They seem to put a lot of care and quality into each dish.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I was very happy to see that Hillstone is not much different than Houston's. I had been wanting to try this place since I have been watching it being built!The actual building is really cool. Great outdoor seating area but you cannot order dinner outside.I had the veggie burger, and it was the best veggie burger I have ever had. I would've given this review 5 stars if our total time at the restaurant was not over 3 hours - it gets very crowded on Saturday nights.
3	Hillstone is a super nice, beautiful place. Great atmosphere. The food is very good, I wouldn't say spectacular, but it was good. I had the French Dip Au Jus. The meat was very pink, looked raw. I didn't really like that. My bf got the prime rib, it was soo yummy. Came right off the bone. All together our meal was about $80. We only got one appetizer too. It's kinda too pricy for the mediocre food.
4	I'm still not sure why they closed Houston's and opened this up down the street.  It is basically the same thing.  The only real difference is that the decor is awesome and super swank.  I want my house to look like this place.  The food and service is the same as Houston's and is top notch as always.I always get some sort of beef when I am there and I swear next time I'm going to get a cooked fish dish or the sushi.
4	If you like French Dip, this is the place.  I love the new venue -- the dining area, the bar, and the open patio.  But, the only thing I come for here is the French Dip and fries.  It is the best I have had and I will always come back for more.  Thrilled it was not a casualty when Houston's closed.
2	I went with a business associate to have lunch at the new Hillstone and we arrived early, around 11:00am.  The staff was practically non-existent.  The entrance is nearly impossible to find.  We stood looking at the hostess for at least 30 seconds before she acknowledge we were alive.  The only way this place will continue to thrive is by the endless stream of business "professionals" who work at the Esplanade and nearby corporate centers who have grown tired of the Biltmore Fashion Park's mediocre restaurants.  Ask for your check the minute you order because it takes 20 minutes to get the bill.  Oh, and PAY CASH so you can leave in a timely manner.  Attractive building on Camelback - the only positive thing I can say about this place.  Won't be back there any time soon.
5	Never been a huge Houston's guy. It's too dark, the menu is too limited, and while the food is good it somehow always fails to live up to the hype. Not bad, but not memorable, either.From what I understand, Hillstone is an amped-up Houston's, like a luxury badge on a Marriot hotel. Yawn. I tell you all this because heading into my first visit to Hillstone tonight I had zero expectations. None. Well, other than expecting to be underwhelmed.Shame on me, because Hillstone hit a home run.A beautifully appointed, thoughtfully designed, approachably classy  indoor/outdoor dining venue, Hillstone offers the same dressed-down menu of a Houston's, but in a nicer setting with truly elite service.Kaitlyn, our server, was attentive and exactly the right level of chipper. She was pleasing to both my 7-year-old niece as well as my 65-year-old mother. That's no easy feat. The burger was perfect, the beverages were never empty, the table was cleared on time, the check was dropped off and picked up seamlessly and the staff was always around but never a nuisance. And I love the setting. From the bar to the bathrooms everything just works. There are romantic corner booths and more lively center room talbes and the patio is gorgeous, with a perfect view of bustling Camelback Road. Whether it's a business meeting or a first date, Hillstone will definitely get my repeat business.
5	I love Hillstone!!!!!! It is amazing!  I worked at Houstons when I was in highschool and you would think that I would be sick of it, but I am not!! I cannot get enough!  The spinach dip is the best ever created in the world!!!  I actually like the change to the salsa they did!  The Grilled Chicken Salad is a dream with the peanut sauce, or the Thai noodle salad-I love the mangos, tomatos, and avocados its delicious, or the caesar salad, or the hickory burger with fries, or the ribs and to top it off the sundae!!!! The chocolate sauce is orgasmic!!  i wish I could have it everyday! The new restaurant is a little confusing because the front door is in the back of the building and its kind of awkward b/c if you dont know that you will walk right in the middle of the dining room and bar area.  However, the restaurant is beautiful and so open and airy!  The patio is perfect and I wish I could have eaten out there but it was sprinkling and cold!  There is something for everyone here and you can go for lunch or dinner!  Head this way!!!
4	Welcome to Houston's with a happy Hillstone hat on! One thing that always bothered me about the former Houston's was how dark and dreary it could be, but that is definitely not the case with Hillstone. I absolutely love the architecture, location and openness of this building. It's fresh and airy with plenty of large windows, an open patio, and rock finishing. The restaurant seating isn't cramped and you've got plenty of room to relax and enjoy the meal with those you came with and not 20 other strangers. Before I got to Hillstone, I read up on the yelp reviews and noticed Kat S's note about the ice cubes. So, when I sat down and ordered my Diet Coke, the first thing I glanced at were the ice cubes and Kat's right! They are old fashioned and pretty great! They are the type of ice cubes they place in whiskey to make sure they don't crush when they are dropped in, but I also think they make the soda pour without fizzing up. So now I will move on to the meal. The reviews are right in saying that this is exactly like the Houston's menu but with a nice improvement. I ordered the rotisserie chicken sandwich with the couscous. Warning: the sandwich is huge and way too big for one lunch, but that could be a good thing if you want to have the other half for lunch. We didn't have dessert but I glanced at the menu and while they have several of the Houston's signatures, I think they should add apple crisp to the list. I will definitely be back to Hillstone and think this is a nice addition to the area.
5	Rib Eye from the Islands of Hawaii is on the MONEY ...
2	C'mon man! Really! Your killing me! Houston's is such a great food and service oriented establishment that I was excited to take my wife there for her birthday. We were seated right away and the waiter was quick to ask for the drink order. We ordered wine by the glass. I like the service as far as they give, they change out your settings and take away the dishes in an anonymous way. We started with the artichoke, which was a special that night. Really good of course like Bandaras. The sauce was different, but we really enjoyed it. The Mrs ordered the Hawaiian ribeye with a weird lemon flavored caesar salad. I had the special NY strip steak Medium rare. We got our wine OK and they stopped by a few times to check on us. We got our entrees and everything looked great. The steaks were good size. The Hawaiian Ribeye was thinner than most ribeye cuts and had a Hawaiian sauce. Mehhhh very so so! The Strip came full of taste but a little tough. It came with fries which were awesome! I wish I had some bread or somethin... After the food came, it was like we were on an island. No one came until we were almost done. The Mrs. needed a refill and they took the glass away, but never asked if we would like another round. Bummer... C.mon - I drop over a Cnote and I cannot get another wine! Someone?... It was like they were just tryin to get us outta there. Boooo!The vibe was awesome! The interior is great! Next time, I want to go sit at the bar with all the cougars and people wandering in from the patio looking for the front desk - that makes for good people watching. We skipped desert there and went to Culvers for frozen custard!
1	Well... My mom was still in town when I gave it another chance. She doesn't live in the states and she was so looking forward to having the salad! Can't say no to mom, right? So mom picked up the salad to go and again... TINY. $15 for a side salad. (Please see picture of it next to a piece of paper and you'll see what I mean fellow Houston old timers.) The great news was that we were able to ADD our own mixed greens to the salad to make it enough for one person + a bite for another person here and there. But really? Who wants to add their own greens to a salad? Defeats one of the main reason for restaurants is that you don't have to do anything except eat and enjoy. Just not with Hillstone's Grilled Chicken Salad...
5	WOW.  LOVE this place!  Sexy, relaxed, causal but elegant - this is Phoenix dining at its best!  And Sushi!!!  And great Sushi - it's true!  And check out the Hawaiian Ribeye steak - fabulous.  And don't forget the strawberry shortbread - still thinking about it.  Staff is friendly, and know their food and wines - not stuffy, just right.  Do yourself a favor and dine there NOW.
4	MMMMmmm good.  I enjoy their food and really like the salads. It is a fun place to pop in for a lunch.  I can go light or heavy with a meal and get a enjoyable glass of wine to go with it.
4	This restaurant just bleeds class.  My husband and I went with another couple and we were all satisfied with our meals.  I had the ahi tuna salad (flying tuna I think it was called?) and it was delicious.  My husband and friend had the swordfish special and that was cooked perfectly and the veggie mix was amazing.  My friend's husband had their ribs and they were so tender and literally fall off the bone.  I would definitely go back and recommend it.  The bar is a great 'hang out' also.  2 thumbs up!
5	Most excellent in every way!!!  I like the thai steak salad and the fudge!!Please, I beg you........ get some chocolate cake added to your menu. for the love of us all!!!! P l E a S e...please...p l e a a a s s s e e e e!!!
3	went to hillstone with a large group resturant is very nice and lots of favorites from the houston menu but the place really can't seat groups larger then 4 maybe 5 ...ended up in 2 booths separate checks separate waiters.we like to share items so that didn't work out and our patio bill got but onto one check...so one table finished up early the other sat around waiting for the check. i have to say the food was excellent and the decor and patio were nice..
3	I wanted to like Hillstone before we even entered the restaurant.  The patio is charming and romantically lit, and it wasn't overcrowded.  We were brought to a large booth in the back of the restaurant with a party of six and while I enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant, I have to say I was less than impressed with the waitstaff.  The first server who came to our table (who was apparently only there to take our drink order, but didn't tell us that so it was really confusing when a different server showed up a few minutes later), literally COULD not understand what we wanted to drink.  I was with two moms-to-be who both wanted club soda with cranberry juice and a splash of pineapple, which I'll admit, is a little random and high maintenance for a nonalcoholic beverage but the server should have been able to handle it.  Instead, she just kept saying, "So, Absolut and club soda and what?" "Absolute and pineapple..?" These women did not want vodka in their pregnant bellies! It wasn't even particularly loud in the restaurant, I think perhaps Hillstone is just doing its part to hire the hearing impaired. Although she finally seemed to grasp that they were ordering nonalcoholic drinks, I seriously wanted to take a sip of the drinks first to make sure they weren't spiked.  The whole exchange was just weird.The "real" server wasn't as bad, just kind of inattentive and awkward.  I did enjoy my food though...I got the spicy tuna roll salad which was really interesting and tasty and everyone I dined with seemed to enjoy their dishes.  I'd consider coming back for the food and the ambiance but it's definitely not one of my favorites, there are better places in town for the price.
5	Last night we met friends at Hillstone's and we truly enjoyed a great meal and great atmosphere.  We were met by a very friendly and helpful server who took great care of us the entire evening.  We started out with a wonderful wine recommended by our server, she let us taste 3 kinds before we chose what suited us.  We went on to enjoy the savory spinach and artichoke dip as well as fresh baked bread served with some olives and olive oil.  The caeser salad was a very large portion almost could have been my entree and the dressing was so fresh and light.  The croutons crisp and fresh baked.  We all ordered the hawaiian ribeye, OMG!! So moist and so juicy - the flavor was so fabulous and I could only eat half of it.  The loaded baked potato was also wonderful and very large.  I ended up taking half my meal home and was really happy that they let us sit quite awhile to chat with our friends after our meal was over (we were way too full for dessert however the server brought us a complimentary slice of key lime pie which my husband and friends said were fabulous I just was too full to try it) we never were rushed out and they kept refilling our drinks I can't wait to go back.  Was always a fan of Houston's in NYC and this was very much the same and enjoyed the jazzy low music in the background and the dim lighting that was warm and relaxing.
5	Holy steroids batman, when did you start taking DHEA?This is my new date place. Great food, good to great service and atmosphere. For an upper priced/higher tiered restaurant this is really, really good. I've had just about everything on the menu but I usually order one of the specials which is usually a fresh seafood choice. Never a bad meal, always fresh veggies which are usually cooked al dente. The fish is as fresh as it gets in Phoenix/Scottsdale........probably three to five days from sea to table. I think they are trying to source their kitchen locally which really appeals to me. One of the servers was talking about the fresh pecans they got from Tucson and they were using it on a desert. The main crowd is the see-me set but that doesn't bother me. Plenty of professionals, families and couples. A good eclectic mix. They don't take reservations and they won't seat you unless your entire party is with you. The bar is really good. The guy who made my drink was experienced and has many tools at his disposal to make the really great cocktails that you always heard about but you've never experienced. If you want to have a Singapore sling, it will be made from scratch like they do at the Raffles hotel in Singapore(not premixed sugar crap). This is the place to order a tom collins, whiskey sour or even a mojito( they actually muddle the mint)Good scotch collection, not great. One other thing, I went there for lunch with a business associate of mine and there must have been a special on the hamburger because every person I saw in there was eating the burger. And, there were a lot of people in there. I would say its a 4 star burger. Bon Apetite!
4	Good food, great ambiance, call it Hillstone's or Houston's it's all the same. I have always enjoyed this establishment. The only thing I don't get about it is that they try so hard to convince you that it's not a chain restaurant. Hate to tell you that's what you are. Not that that's a bad thing just get over trying to be something else other than what you are. I will have to say out of all the upper crust chain restaurants you are defiantly ahead of the game. You are far superior than any of the Fox concept establishments.
5	Same great service as Houstons, great bar!
4	Beautiful restaurant but too corporate.  They built an amazing patio but for some unknown reason you can't order off the full menu there.  The bartenders are amazing and the food is excellent.  Its a who's who of Phoenix
2	We had dinner at Hillstone a couple nights ago.  The food was, for the most part, pretty good.  However, the service was below average.  They really need to work on training their servers better or they will lose a lot of potential repeat business.   We showed up at 7:30 and our reservation was for 8pm.  We seated ourselves on the outdoor patio (which was very nice as far as scenery/ambience).  It was awhile before a server came over to take our drink orders; we saw her go by/near tables next to us twice before she finally came over.  She made us feel rushed from the get-go; as if she was in a hurry -- it was a little strange for the relaxed atmosphere and mode we were in.  She brought us our drinks - never offered water - and when she didn't come back for awhile, my husband got up to get me water from the bar.  She soon brought a check over and we at that point said we'd like to order an appetizer.  Again, she seemed a little "put out" by us, but took the order.  When we were halfway through our spinach dip, at about 7:50, a hostess came over and moved us indoors to our table that was "ready.". It would have been much nicer to finish the appetizer where we were, and then have us move inside, rather than transporting everything.  Kind of strange.  There were also several tables inside - it wasn't packed with a line of people waiting or anything.Once inside, our next server (this seemed like #3 already, of what would be about 6 total servers throughout our evening) came by and was sort of awkward - saw we had half eaten spinach dip and said "looks like your all set, I'll let you enjoy that," without asking if there was anything else we needed at that time...again, no offer of WATER!  I asked for ice water, and she then looked to my husband..."Did you want some, too?"...OF COURSE.  Isn't that just a matter of course here in Phoenix, early September?  We were asked within a couple of minutes if we were ready to order and we hadn't even picked up the menus yet...we were talking, eating spinach dip, having drinks...again, very much a RUSHED feeling.We ordered ribs which come with "hand cut potato fries and coleslaw." I said I would prefer a baked potato instead of hand cut fries.  The server's EXACT response: "Okay."  Pause... "But then you won't get the coleslaw either.  The baked potato counts as two sides." Um, okay...I suddenly felt like I was ordering at a fast food restaurant.  Blown away.  I said nothing; I really didn't care about having coleslaw anyways.  My husband next ordered, also with a baked potato replacing the fries, but he said "And I'd like to have my coleslaw please."  Server response: "Okay, it will be $4.00 for the coleslaw." Again, wow.  Where am I?  Certainly not an upscale restaurant...can we supersize here??!Our ribs were good; we were enjoying the food (again, for the most part...good, not great).  What happened next however, was that no less than 3 random servers came by in about a 12 minute period, none of whom were our original server, asking if we were done and if they could take our plates.  We were so far from done - I had about 75% of my meal still on my plate and my husband, while he was almost done with his ribs, was still working on the baked potato and the $4.00 *supposed to be included with meal* coleslaw.  It was so incredibly annoying; they kept interrupting our conversation and what was trying to be a relaxing, enjoyable evening out.  We finally gave in and said we were done (server number 6 asking)...who were these people?  Why isn't one server and one busser assigned to each table?  That way the same question wouldn't be asked 6 times...they've got to work on this.Yet a different server came to see if we wanted anything else; my husband had to ASK for a dessert menu (it was not offered), and when he asked, server #7 (?) pretty much ignored the question and said "Let me tell you..." and started rambling off I think four different desserts.  This would be fine, I suppose (even though I really prefer to read it from a menu and make my decision...a little more time, less pressure..) but we couldn't understand what she was saying was on top of the hot fudge sundae.  The place is a little loud...my husband asked her to repeat it, we both still missed it...I asked again..."What's on top of the sundae?" And again, we both missed it.  Could not understand..whatever, this is why I'd like a dessert menu to READ.  I finally said, "We'll have the key lime pie," because we both still had no clue what might come on top of that sundae if we ordered it!The key lime pie was disappointing.  We shared a piece and between the two of us we did not even finish half of it.  The crust had cinnamon in it, which tasted so wrong with key lime pie.  The kind of crust you would use for a pumpkin pie.  All in all, not rushing back to Hillstone anytime soon.  They have got to work on the wait staff.  Too many people involved in our meal throughout the night and obviously not in a good way.
5	Expert service. Exceptional food every time. Beautiful ambiance!
3	This a Houston's with a different name. I'm not sure why they used the name Hillstone's and not Houston's when it's exactly the same, but I'm sure there was some corporate marketing decision-making involved. Our hotel concierge recommended Hillstone because we wanted steak but didn't want to pay Mastro's or Ruths Chris prices.There is a nice patio and we wanted to sit there, but they don't serve the full menu there. Inside it looked exactly like every Houston's I've been to -- dark, kind of crowded, lots of booths. The menu is small and we ended up not having steak after all. Looking at the menu I remembered that I liked Houston's French dip, so I had that. Our party also had a burger and one of the noodle salads.Everyone was happy enough with the food. Our server was not so great. He was so meek we could hardly hear him. We ordered the spinach dip appetizer, but after awhile I feared he hadn't heard placed the order so I asked. He hadn't put the order in, but once he did it came quickly and he comped it, so that worked out ok. We were also missing a drink when the drinks came. After a couple little blips like that it kind of ruins the meal because you're wondering what else is going to go wrong. But once the food came we were happy.
5	Two center cut filets, arctic char (split) and cold perrier with lime.  The steaks were cooked perfectly.  The char has been better, but it was still exceptional and the spicy corn and baked potato (with everything but the bacon) was awesome!  Service was prompt and considerate - always love it here!
5	Wonderful service! These restaurants seem to be known for that. Our server was fantastic!Loved the French Dip here (as always!). Theirs is the best I have had! We all ordered it at our table except for one person ordered the veggie burger, and he is still talking about it a week later. Yummy brownie dessert as well!
5	I met Monsieur here for lunch today and I was so impressed with the new look.  I've always loved Houston's (now known as Hillstone's) and the food, service and decor have always been impeccable.The only drawback with the new location is that you can easily pass it up and the lack of parking but otherwise, it is still a winner with the best filet mignon ever!!
3	Was excited to try this place in the Biltmore area.. Love the openness of it! It's trendy... Cool.. Nice patio .. Good wine list. Don't like the trek to the restroom as I was lead thru the stand where the wait staff are picking up food and I felt a bit out of place and in the way! Was impressed with the wine stock ,however. The menu was good, although we all just had martinis and wines... A bit of an issue with the bill when mine was placed on theirs... All figured out by finally finding our waitress:-)
1	We may not have a lot of bragging rights here in Phoenix, but being able to sit on a patio in November and have a few cocktails is such a luxury, especially when you bring along out-of-town visitors.  My friend from Denver won't see a patio for months, so I was thrilled to introduce her to Hillstone.  Maybe it was the fact that we were just having cocktails and not ordering food that set the weird tone of the evening - or maybe the wait-staff at Hillstone just sucks.I'd been to Hillstone twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.  I've always found them (Hillstone/Houston's) overpriced, but a nice night out.  The atmosphere is really nice, the food is not exactly innovative, but it's consistent.  I'm not going to get into a Houston's/Hillstone comparison here - the food is about the same as always, but the new location is very pretty.My friends and I found a table on the patio and settled in for some drinks and girl-talk.  The fireplace was awesome and there are heaters placed here and there for us thin-blooded Zonies.  The waitress came along shortly to take our orders, and our Denver buddy got the first RULE of the evening.  She ordered a cocktail and asked for a double (Hey, we had some major catching up to do - we wanted a little alcohol to get us started.)  She was immediately informed by our sneery server that Hillstone does not serve doubles.  It's just not that sort of a place - they don't want to be known as a drinking establishment.  To break the awkward silence, I joked that maybe the server could bring my friend two drinks instead of a double, that got me nothing but an icy stare.  I ordered a diet coke and a shot of tequila.  I'm not a big drinker, but do like a little buzz now and then, so I get it quickly and then sip on my soda.  RULE#2 - I was told I could not drink my tequila all at once.  Hillstone does not allow "shots", so I must sip my shot of Hornitas.  OK, I'm 53 years old and this person is actually instructing me how to drink my beverage?  Really?While we did enjoy our mandated cocktails and tried hard to follow the RULES at Hillstone, I'm afraid the tone of our much-anticipated evening just never really recovered.  It's a fun place, especially at night when the Cougars are out and on the hunt - great for people watching and relaxing, but I think the drink ordering moment proved so uncomfortable for our server that she left us high-and-dry for the rest of the evening.  We wondered if we were not Hillstone worthy as we searched for someone to bring us a coffee with Baileys.  We eventually flagged her down and got our beverages, but...it wasn't really fun to be there anymore.      Hillstone staff please understand that your place of employment being kind of cool and pretty does not earn you the right to be jerks to your customers.  I won't be back.  Oh, and on a side note, Hillstone, the kitty litter floor on your patio is just weird.  I had to empty the sand out of my shoes several times.  I wish Hillstone would get it.  Such potential - such a disappointment.
4	I had a $20 club sandwich at the Ritz Carlton in D.C. I had a $30 lobster roll at Mary's Fish Camp in Manhattan.And this weekend I had a $19 French Dip in Phoenix.All of them worth every penny. The French Dip was pure perfection, served piled high on warm, soft bread which soaked up the horseradish cream and au jus served on the side. And served with some of my favorite fries. Skinny and salty. Much like myself so I've been told.Critics pan the limited menu. Boo to you. I'm so OVER Cheesecake Factory style menus. They scare me. I will say if they claim to be New American, I don't get that. It's American. Steak house style. And the decor! I could TOTALLY move in and not change a thing! The sandstone. The masculine wood panels and burgundy booths. And I love the photography, specifically the entire wall of swimming pool photos. Hillstone. Good move!
5	While I've been to both Houston's and Bandera multiple times, last night was my first visit to Hillstone, the umbrella responsible for all of them. Let's just say I'll be hard pressed to go anywhere but Hillstone from now on. There was a wait, so we started on the outdoor patio for a drink. The outdoor space is really amazing. Cool lights, unique furniture and overall a great ambiance. I ordered a Maker's Manhattan rocks, and the drink was perfect...So often Manhattans are "over Vermouthed", this one was the perfect blend and let the Whiskey speak for itself...Even the ice cubes looked cool. The restaurant is large, spacious and has a cool design. It's very Frank Lloyd Wright esque. We sat at a booth toward the back of the restaurant, near the kitchen and prep bar. Service was prompt and friendly, as I've come to expect at any Hillstone restaurant.As for the food, it was delicious. As a table, we ordered the Hawaiian rib eye x2 (ridiculous, mine was a perfect medium rare and delicious), the French Dip and the Prime rib. All meals were well received, even the salads were delicious. The menu is really similar to Houston's (read: nearly identical), so you know what you're getting into.It's not cheap, but it's absolutely worth it. Hillstone is on my list for a return trip, ASAP.
5	LOVE Hillstone it never dissapoints.  We ended up at Hillstone last night after being badly mistreated at another restaurant.  (an hour and a half wait that never got us a table)  We arrive at HILLSTONE  hungry & frustrated we explained to the host what happened..... He told us another 20 min. wait we went to the bar and before we had our drinks we had a table! Not to mention a complimentary appetizer and a really lovely waitress.  We were so grateful to be treated so well and the food was outstanding!  Hillstone saved our girls night out and cemented our love of the restaurant!
5	Over the years I have been to Hillstone/Houston's over 200 times and I can easily say that everything is out of this world. The spinach and artichoke dip, cheeseburger, ribs, fish, french dip, hawaiin steak, the apple cobbler dessert...all amazing....They do everything right here and all for a great price. I never decline an opportunity to go to Hillstone. Did I mention they have a sushi menu? Be sure to get the coconut shrimp roll. It has sauce on the tray that it comes with but be sure to ask for extra!I always imagine if they were to have a brunch/brekafast menu, what it would be like. I think I would cry of happiness if they ever did.
4	Went here for lunch the other day, I must say.. this restaurant is sooo pretty! I really liked the patio too..but we didn't eat outside (I wish I did). The service was decent, not the best that I have had..never would I think a man would not know the whiskey at the restaurant he worked at though *confused? How do you not know what whiskey you have? boooo on you, they didn't even have any good ones either.. such a bummer. So anyways, my friend and I ordered the Chicago Spinach and Artichoke dip and it was really good! I loved it. I would definitely order that again :)  My friend order the Spicy Tuna Roll, I was a bit skeptic at first but yet, it was surprisingly pretty good. Even though I would never get sushi there ever hehe.I ended up getting the fresh fish of the day, it was some weird random fish from New Zealand, I really liked it, especially with the lemon sauce on top :) I don't really have much to say about this place though, it was good food, but I am still heartbroken at the fact they don't have any whiskey that isn't disgusting.  Well in general, I get that way when any restaurant doesn't have the whiskey I like pwahaha.
5	i love this restaurant so much. i have yet to have something i didn't like.i have nothing really special to add to all of the amazing reviews except to order these things:thai steak noodle salad- mango, avocado, tomatoes, noodles, marinated steak...i meannnnnnnnnnnnncaesar salad - their dressing is my fav and so are the croutonsbacon, cheddar burger- so juicy, so exquisiteroast beef sandwich- raw horseradish on the sidefries- order extra bc people will eat these babies UP! service is ALWAYS good, it's always clean, it's always pleasant. seriously, you can't have a bad time unless you're just a miserable person.
4	Hillstone is a great upscale yet casual restaurant and bar.  My man and I have been here multiple times after the change from Houston's to the now newly re-named, re-located and renovated Hillstone...It's a definite winner for great menu options, heavy cocktail pours and nice ambiance.  My man had been talking about a  specific dish he had discovered during a business meeting for close to a year as of last night. He had been raving about how wonderful it was and how he knew I would absolutely love it...Last night, I FINALLY experienced the dish, and OMG it was/is FABULOUS!  If you're an Ahi Tuna fan, you MUST order the "FLYING TUNA PLATTER" off the dinner menu (It's not listed on the lunch menu, but you can ask for it by name and they'll make it for you anyway)! It is divine...Bon Appetit!
4	The food is delicious, especially the veggie burger.  It's one of the best that I've had.  I recently ordered the spicy tuna roll and loved it. The Thai steak and noodle salad is one of my faves.
5	The New York Strip special they have is top two in Phoenix- just have to get lucky when they have it!
5	Thank you Hillstone, for taking great care of me when my order was running later than normal. Your customer service is the best of the best. Also, the traditional house salad is amazing!For those going for lunch or dinner - the food is fantastic so expect to wait unless you get there early; but - it's worth it.
2	It wasn't bad, it just could have been better. You cannot build a beautiful space and then just expect that you can get by on "meh"The wow doesn't last
4	Excellent grilled chicken salad with a delicious dressing and peanut sauce drizzle. Of course for a $15 salad it should be excellent. No bread given which would have been a nice touch to go with a salad.I love the interior and the comfortable seating they offer on the indoor/outdoor patio looks inviting.  Our service was impeccable and the entire restaurant looked very clean and bright. My only other warning is it's very loud in here, perhaps the patio would be quieter.
5	hillstone is my new favorite!  i almost always sit at the bar with friends to eat and watch what ever game is on.  Jill is usually my server and she is wonderful.the food has always been perfect.  i'm a huge face of all their sushi as well as the japanese ribeye.  Saturday is their Chili and it is also exceptional.
4	Us 3 girls went for an early dinner here last Saturday night.  The service was horrible (more on that in a moment)  but the food and wine more than made up for it.  L had the trout special which was huge, seasoned impeccably and so flaky it melted in your mouth. P had the French Dip which is Houston's/Hillstone's signature sandwich.  It didn't disappoint.   However, both of my friends wished they had ordered my selection - the Hawaiian Ribeye.  OMG- I was in steak heaven! Imagine a prime cut of boneless ribeye- rubbed in pineapple and "Hawaiian" spices - don't know what the spices were - all I can say it was one of the best steaks I have ever had in my entire life (and I have had many great steaks). The description initially was a little weird for me but the final product- food for the gods!Back to the service.  When we first arrived a very knowlegeable and cheerful waitress explained the menu and specials, took our appetizer and drink orders.  She disappeared and several minutes later a male waiter appeared stating that his co-worker had covered for him until he arrived.  He took our meal order and disappeared........ literally.   About 30 minutes later a third waitress - who did not smile and had no personality, delivered our food but forgot our drinks.  10 minutes later she brought out my companions drinks but forgot mine.  Seriously, it took another 10-15 minutes before I could find someone to flag down and ask what happened to my drink.  A couple minutes later it arrived via the robot waitress without an apology or any word at all.  Had it not been for the amazing chefs in the kitchen working their miracles I would have given this place one star.  I personally thanked the chef who prepared my steak - he was very humble and appreciative.  I then explained about the service snafus to the manager who apologized .  I definitely will return to Hillstone if only for the amazing food.  Hopefully - the service will be much improved.
3	It's a gorgeous restaurant but there are 2 things in my head I can't shake....1. The service is so-so considering how nice the place is..2. They don't make double drinks per corporate policy.
5	While your visiting the Phoenix, Arizona area you may want to stop by the Biltmore Mall and checkout all the shops and restaurants in the center. There are many restaurants to meet up at. I met an old friend at Hillstone in Phoenix. My burger was very good but was also $14. Whew this place was pricey with a strict dress code. If you are entertaining and trying to impress someone this is the place. A little pricey for my tastes but wonderful food! Make sure you dress to impress and if need be there is also a valet at the restaurant!
2	Was looking forward to eating here as I don't get down to the Biltmore area all that often and have always wanted to try Hillstone.   Stopped in for lunch last week and was very disappointed.    First off it is hard to find the hostess desk.   When you walk in from the parking lot you walk right into the bar.   They have to have a sign guide you to the hostess stand and even then it's hard to navigate your way.  We got there about 2:00 pm so didn't have to wait.  We were greeted promptly by a pleasant young woman who took our drink orders.  A young man delivered our drinks.   Then we had to wait forever for someone to take our order.   Finally a waiter stopped by but he literally just stood there.    We told him it was our first time in and he didn't ask if we had any questions about the menu or try to sell us an appetizer.   He literally just "stood there."   The items we ordered included smoked salmon appetizer, spinach artichoke dip, prime rib, classic California roll, bread, margaritas, apple walnut cobbler.   The food was not that good.   I ordered the prime rib medium well and they had to sear it to bring the temperature up.   I know prime rib is a fatty cut of meat but this was almost all fat.   It was just awful!!  We asked for bread but did not realize until we got the bill there is a separate charge for bread.   Of course our "wonderful" waiter failed to inform us of this.   The spinach artichoke dip was extremely greasy.   The best thing we ordered were the margaritas.   They were excellent.  I believe in giving a place at least three chances but this place does not deserve it.    Try the Capital Grille right down the road.   I've never had a bad experience there.
5	I loved it. Went there to celebrate a friend's birthday and was impressed just by walking in. The ambiance was great, the little fountains and the patio area was very cool as well.        This is a steakhouse, the better the meal the more it's worth, so you will pay accordingly.  I had a filet and I loved every second of it, not only was is a pretty good size it was done beautifully.  The tortilla soup was even fantastic as well.   Drinks are also high quality. I had an awesome mojito.       I thought the employees were on point, it was a thursday night so I wasn't expecting the A team but they were awesome. Although the place seems kinda snooty the staff was friendly and proficient.             I've been to expensive steakhouses before, not always do I get one that delivers on all fronts.
4	Yum, Yum Hillstone!!!  Things I love:  the smooth-as-butter, perfectly seasoned filet mignon, crisp, flavorful generous pours of white wine, the fresh, plump crab cakes and the packed with flavor, nutty and sweet cous cous.  My mouth waters thinking of it.  It's been our usual Friday night spot because the bar is beautiful and the patio is wonderfully designed to sit outdoors in the cool spring Arizona air and enjoy all that Hillstone has to offer on their menu.  Let's be clear about one thing however, not one thing on that menu can be on the low caloric side or even semi healthy..in fact, we learned that Hillstone is just Houstons (menu of course gave that away), but under a different name so the company doesn't have to release nutritional values...eeek!)  But I say so-what to that and enjoy this classy joint that offers high levels of fat and goodness.  I promise you won't regret it...
4	Three words: THAI. TUNA. ROLL.Get it. You won't be disappointed.  In addition, the California and the Mango Salmon Rolls were quite good as well.  While Arizona isn't a place known for stand-out sushi, I'd order it here again.  And in fact I did...two nights in a row. Night #1 - The bartender was a superb professional. He replaced drink napkins when they were damp and even poured my martini into a fresh cold glass when I was half-way done.  Class act.  He was also the one who recommended the Thai Tuna Roll which adds even more points to his score, if possible.  Night #2 - CRANKY bartender. While she recommended a nice glass of white wine, she poured me a totally different one the second time.  While it was St Patrick's Day, it's not like this place was packed out with annoying patrons so I'm not sure what put her in such a bad place. It did leave me with a not-so-happy feeling when I left, despite the fact that the food was just as good as the first go-around.  So, what could be the only gripes aside from the attitude?  * You will pay a chunk of change for your meal here (but it will likely be worth it) * You will also likely order something that they're out of (mango salmon roll the first night, grilled artichoke the second night, and every night I've ever gone to a Hillstone, for that matter)* It's a chainBottom line is that Hillstone is probably one of the better options in this neck of the woods.  Go for a cocktail and a Thai Tuna Roll, if nothing else.
5	WOWZA. I'm really good about getting half my meal to go, I love leftovers, but once I took my first bite of the veggie burger, i thought "ohhhh hel..... no. this entire things is going in my belly."DONE.
5	Yesterday was my second visit here and it was great.  The patio is beautiful and is a great place to relax with friends and a cocktail.  My dirty martini was fantastic and the waitress even put it in a new frosty class halfway through.  Classy!  The menu is the same as Houston's except for a few sushi rolls.  I've always enjoyed Houston's and this is no exception.  The sushi rolls are tasty too.  The patio only offers sushi, appetizers and dessert.  The hot fudge sundae is the best in town.  It's a house made hot fudge that isn't actually hot and therefore doesn't turn your ice cream into soup 4 bites in.  Genius!
4	Great go to place at the Biltmore. The quality and service is always right on. I have never had food at Hillstone that I didn't love. Now, they don't publish their contents and calories of their dishes so I may be loving some heavy caloric meals, but it is worth those calories. Houston's turned Hillstone has been a great change in atmosphere as well. From a dark ordinary layout to an open architecturally stunning restaurant. Must haves: Artichoke AppFilet MignonAny SaladFish SandwichCobblerKettle One Martini up with Blue Cheese Olives! (Have at least 2)There is usually a wait of some sort, but they have an awesome patio for those nice Arizona nights. I have never been let down by Hillstone and that is why it will always be our place at the Biltmore.
4	This is my favorite place for a work lunch while in Phoenix.Pros:-part of the Hillstone Group, including Banderas, Houston's, Gulfstream. All around great places-tasty chicken salad-great outdoor seating with fireplace-great ambience with dark interiorCons:-NoneVerdict:This is a great all around place. Consistent quality food, solid establishment. It's great for work lunches and dinners.
3	Our last couple servers have been warmer and more professional than that earlier clown, but I cant let go of a lingering disdain for this place - even though they're good at what they do. It's just that what they do doesnt really appeal to me anymore. Part of it is the smaller portion/higher prices slam that others have noted. When Houston's opened in a town without much quality going on, little on the menu was over $10. It was a godsend. Then that excellence was understandably incorporated into the pricing structure, but it was still a decent value for a terrific, consistent kitchen, in a culinary burg getting its legs. But now there's half a dozen places within a bike ride of this joint that serve up larger portions of comparable or near comparable quality, far more reasonably.  Oh, I get that you're paying for ambience, but that's the other thing I'm not wild about. This is a place that relatively insecure foodies take companions they're trying to impress, by sitting in a nice room and shelling out some dough. Whether it's your boss or client or prom date, you probably wont go too wrong here. The food will be good to excellent,  there will be at least a veneer of fine service. People will say it was lovely at the end of the meal, and in the event that they dont, it wont be your fault. It's also the sort of place where everyone looks you over. The maitre d, the other customers. Hillstone attracts that sort of moneyed voyeur, compared to dimly lit, almost semi private Houston's. Now there's a see and be seen element in the dining area that used to be confined to the bar.  It's just me. I get this is a formula for success.  See Scottsdale.  But for me, there are more reasonable nearby places providing quality grub and atmosphere, whether it's Postinos, The Parlor, Sierra Bonita or Hana, or even more spartan spaces like Seekong By Night.  They're all good and fun in their own way. Hillstone is just good. There's no fun in it for me. As a stodgy Phoenician, I feel inexorably ripped off and just dont wanna be around many of these people.
4	Long overdue feedback missing by me to add to Yelp. I have been a Houston's fan for many years and have failed to give them as much credit as they deserve. The transition from Houston's to Hillstone did not change the great service, wait staff, bartenders  and best quality tasting food. Majority of the same menu items are still being served along with some new tasty dishes and may I add Sushi has joined the family. The new location has a small area that includes Sushi Chefs who make a limited variety of fresh Sushi options to enjoy. The bar area is defiantly happening. You will find me there on Tuesdays or Thursdays because that is the nights they serve their famous Tortilla Soup. Some things I would like to add is they patio is beautiful with brown tone desert scenery. There are bar stools and comfy couch chairs to wine and dine in. There is a limited menu on the patio so if you want the real yum-yum you got to dine indoors. During the cold winter nights there is a fire pit that is in the patio and main walking entrance. A small built in pond at the entrance of large exotic goldfish to great you. As soon as you walk through the doors the fresh aroma of food from the Kitchen is right at the door. Along with a visual aid of all the variety of dining options to choose from. There is a hostess to lead you to your table or direct you to the bar. The bar includes a big screen for all you sports fans.
4	It is a good thing I did not read the Yelp reviews before going, so I went in with no prejudices.  I had a great experience, good food, attentive service, and thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance.  Also, we had a two year old granddaughter with us, and that is the true test of a restaurant's mettle.  They handled that challenge with ease, and while I agree this is not the place for a toddler, it all worked out in the end.  By the way, I had the roasted chicken dinner and it is probably the best chicken ever.  I would love to have the recipe.  It was fabulous!
5	Some restaurants are ok but you just don't think about coming back to them. Not Hillstone. I am there at least 2-3 times per month and it is always great. The building is new, beautiful architecture, interior has great lighting, both natural during a day and artificial at night. I like cozy relaxing places and I feel always very relaxed after 2-3 hour dinner there. Food - always excellent, especially Thai Salad, sushi, artichokes, chicken, soups... everything I tried was good. Service: on a scale from 1-5: I give them 5+. Coffee is local , from LUX. The beautiful patio has comfy furniture and a fireplace. Sometimes you need to wait 45 minutes for a table,  so it is a good idea to avoid the most busy parts of the day. I took there several of my out of state clients and they all were impressed.
1	I have always enjoyed dining at Hillstone and Houstons prior to that for many years until this last weekend.  I am on a very strict diet because of numerous allergy issues, and can only eat fish and vegetables.  I ordered a fish sandwich and asked that it not have the thousand island dressing on the bun, as I am allergic to tomatoes.  I was told that the chef would not prepare it that way.  I was very disappointed and skipped dinner.  In our society with so many issues with allergies, I think Hillstone should make accommodations for its guests. I will not be eating at Hillstone again!
3	We decided to try this out and see how similar it is to Houston's (one of our favorite in the valley).  Beyond similiar - it was identical - maybe a bif of difference in decor, but the menu was identical.  Food was very good and service was excellent as well - but it is basically the same as Houston's.  We dined there for our anniversary on 5/5/12.
2	To put this review in context, I was looking for a meal in the same vein as Ruth's Chris's or Morton's steakhouse.  Having eaten at Houston's (in Houston), I thought this would be a great place to get a steak.  I was probably shooting a little high.  Service was good, but there were issues with the food.  First off they ran out of baked potatoes, not a big deal but perhaps a little foreshadowing?  The Steak came out with no red in the center, probably a solid medium.  The redone steak came out a little more pink (not red), but still did not have the deep, meaty flavor I was craving.  The Fish sandwich we ordered was good, as were the cole slaw and broccoli sides.  In other words, I would come back here for lunch (the fish sandwich), but not the steak.  I can't comment on the sushi, maybe this is what they are concentrating on.  I would not avoid this place, but it certainly isn't worth going out of my way to visit.
4	If you're looking for a steak and Fish restaurant the menu is ideal.  Their poultry is also worth a try.  Go for the grilled artichoke ....fabulous!  The bar waitstaff was very attentive and fun. Definitely a place to revisit.
5	Maybe even better than when it was Houstons at the Esplanade. Great building, food and service. The new Del Frisco's management should stop over for dinner. Maybe they could learn how to run a restaurant!!
5	My in-laws took my husband and I here for lunch one day.  At first it was a little intimidating.  The place looks high end - stone, wood, water, fire elements all represented in one way or another.  The service is excellent.  The waiters/waitresses know the menu extremely well and are very helpful/attentive.  My in-laws ordered the smoked salmon for an appetizer.  It comes with toast points and a fresh sauce that complements the fish extremely well.  I ordered the steak thai salad and everyone else ordered the center cut filet.  I can't speak for everyone else.  However, my steak thai salad was an extremely generous portion.  The steak was buried inside the rest of the salad like a surprise.  It was cooked to what I would say was medium and was very tender and juicy.  Definitely the best steak that I have ever had.  The salad had a bit of spice kick to it - be aware of that if you order it.  There were slices of avocado, mango, and tomato in it as well - a nice blend of creamy, citrus, and sweetness.  The prices aren't too ridiculous for the type of place that it is.  My salad was $17 and the center cut filets were $33 from what I can remember.  I would highly suggest trying this place out if you are up for some delicious steak!
5	I've been to Hillstone 5-6 times since they moved into this new building. First off, the building itself is awesome. The design and layout of the patio, bar, and main dining area is top notch. The servers that I've gotten have always been very attentive and friendly. I took my grandma there tonight (well to be honest I drove and she paid :) and she's 87 so she kind of rolls at a slower pace and doesn't always hear that well. Our server, Kiersten, was very patient and sweet about everything so it seems like they try to hire great people. I've had the French dip, Hawaiian rib-eye, cheese burger, and prime rib. All great. Tonight I subbed in the kale salad instead of the usual side and I recommend that as well. So, yes, this place should be on your list of restaurants to visit in the Biltmore area.
5	There are only a couple of restaurants that I would eat at every day, and this is one of them. My wife and I have eaten everything on the menu at least once with our favorite appetizer being the grilled artichoke, favorite sandwich the french dip, favorite seafood the swordfish (when available), love the hawaiian rib eye and the hot fudge sundae makes sure that I go into a carbo coma and my wife has to drive home. The wine list always has a pleasant surpise on it and the staff are attentive and sensitive at the same time. If you have never had the experience of dining here, don't cheat yourself any longer. I have been an restaurant owner and in the food business for over 30 years and this place is one of the best I have been in for great overall experience.
5	This is my very first review ever, and Hillstone's definitely earned it!  I sat at the bar, the ambiance was amazing,  best of all my server/bar tender couldn't have been nicer! I ordered the tuna sashimi salad, it was delicious! The tuna was so fresh, it melts in your mouth, yum!  If you want an amazing dinner, and an amazing ambiance, then head to Hillstone you will not regret it :)
5	One of my very favorites in the Valley. Standouts: coconut shrimp roll (the ponzu sauce it comes with is good enough to drink and I ask them to let me keep it bc it's seems to be good on everything...considering using it as a means to get action from my husband bc he loves it as much as me), thai steak salad (for heaven's sake, get it with the steak, NOT the chicken bc GOSH who needs another chicken salad and the steak is alarmingly good) and the key lime pie. YUM. Of course, when I first began going here, way back when, the only thing I could ever order was the Prime Rib French Dip because it's PRIME RIB french dip and it's perfect as a sandwich that costs $17 could be. If I was a menu item, I would be jealous of that sandwich. In fact, I would put that sandwich up against any MENU item in town and it would hold up. I'm in a reviewing mood, otherwise, I would just continue to take/recommend this place to anyone I loved. I'm trying to tell you, go here. Right away. I've been here many many many times and it is always a treat.
1	IF YOU HAVE KIDS YOU MUST READ!!!My husband and I have never been more insulted at a restaurant than tonight at the Hillstone Restaurant (Biltmore).This is the same restaurant group that includes Bandera and Houston's. We deliberately went out early-- at 5pm -- with another couple and our son. He started to fuss on and off during dinner. Mind you the restaurant was already noisy when the GM Miranda Geranios instructed us to leave; other patrons were complaining. That was news to us- and we've seen far worse outbursts in the past from children. Ironically, our son at that moment was playing happily with the other couple when she rudely asserted herself. We were in the middle of dinner and to add insult to injury, she didn't even offer to compensate us for a future visit without our little guy. Just go home without dinner and pay the bill. Of course, she herself has no children. To ask a repeat customer to leave is absolutely disgusting. We will never visit any of their establishments again and wanted to share our unfortunate experience with our friends who also know the challenges of having a family.
5	Houston's is incredible!!!!!! Spinach artichoke dip so good the incredible filet mignon. Like butter and delicious. Service was excellent and the food was brought out with perfect timing. What a great place that I can't wait to visit again.
4	My boyfriend took me to Hillstone on Saturday night for dinner to celebrate our 3 year anniversary. 1-The interior is stunning. A gorgeous patio with big open windows, a wrap around bar that is decorated with expensive wines, whiskeys, etc... and fresh fruit, the lighting is dim (for us romantic folks), and the overall architecture is modern.2-Hillstone has exceptional service. From the second we walked in the door we experienced nothing but real people trying to help us enjoy a relaxing evening with dangerously delicious food and beverage. If you are a wine snob, this place is for you. I LOVE myself a killer glass of wine but seeing as how my boyfriend already spoiled us with two new bottles, (which we've yet to enjoy together) we decided to go with cocktails. Our bartender was fabulous and friendly BUT he didn't know what a Moscow Mule was when I ordered it and my boyfriends Manhattan tasted more like watered down whiskey with muddled orange. With no hopes for a Moscow Mule I decided to order their Margarita on the rocks since I could see at least 4 other people at the bar with one. Can't go wrong right? It was ok. A little too much sweet and sour for my pallet. I was a little annoyed when I asked for a drink suggestion from the bartender he automatically started with "We have Cosmopolitans, Lemon drops...." as soon as he said "Lemon Drop" I felt my face go blank and in my head I said "really man? I know I'm a girl but really?" I almost stopped him dead in his tracks to order a glass of whiskey. Straight up. He was just being a great and informative bartender so I of course understood. Just thought that was fairly entertaining. I'm sure they have both those drinks ordered a lot! 3- The food is stupid amounts of tasty and the portions are more than anyone would really ever need. Which is good right? Leftovers! We ordered the Cheese Bread, Grilled Artichoke, and The Vegetarian Burger to share. So basically we ordered pizza, one vegetable, and a hamburger and fries. I felt so heavy after ha! But boy or boy, my taste buds were singing and dancing their little hearts out. You get 3 large pieces of half an artichoke, which was more than enough for us. We ended up taking one of the artichoke pieces home. you get 6 fairly large sized pieces of soft, warm ciabata bread covered in two cheeses with olive oil and herbs... and the Vegetarian Burger is on a classic hamburger bun with tomatos, shredded lettuce, pickles, and the burger itself has some sort of orange chutney or glaze(?) on it. SO GOOD. This veggie burger is pretty well known and popular from what I hear! Even steak lovers have got to try it.This place has a higher price point and for good reason. Great atmosphere, amazing service, and food that makes your heart happy. You'll be happy to pay for the experience.
4	You can't go wrong with this place. I mean, don't expect the best place ever, just bring a humble taste, sole cash and good company and you won't be disappointed.I gave this place 4 stars basically for the service and the ambiance. The food is a little above average but nothing to impress.The service is kind and the decoration of the place is really pleasant.A good place for a date or friends and family, although a little over priced (for the food).Cheers.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, The Hawaiian ribeye is my favorite, and don't for get the hot fudge sunday.
4	Enjoyed lunch here recently, was there early and by 11:45 the place was packed. Food was great, especially the tortilla soup that they serve on Thursdays.  A bit pricey for lunch ($40 tab for 2) but well worth it.  They have an outdoor patio as well.  I would highly recommend this place and definitely will be back.  Good location right in front of Embassy Suites on Camelback.
4	Very good food and excellent service.  Get's crowded later in the evening, so call ahead or come early.
5	Amazing dinner! The service is great and the food is even better!
5	This place was awesome! The French dip with Au Ju is amazing! Great service, great location.
5	The best rotisserie chicken I've ever tasted. The best swordfish I have ever tasted. The chicken was incredibly juicy, the swordfish perfectly flakey. Get dressed up, the atmosphere is elegant with a massive patio that seamlessly melds into the dinning room. Bravo!
4	Stopped in with party of six, snappy friendly service. I love the swarm service. All entrees perfect favorites are the rotisserie chicken and the ribs, need better wine by glass selections, please update Be back often
5	Great atmosphere, Awesome service, Great place but it can be pricey $$$. I Love that everything is so fresh! Including drinks I had one or two martinis and every ten min they would change my martini glass so it would never get warm always chill and fresh !
5	In my early yelping days, I used to believe that a 5 star review for a restaurant, should qualify as a 5 star meal.  As my yelping abilities have matured, however, I have adopted a more holistic method for my reviews.  Ambiance, originality, and service are now major considerations as well.  And albeit a rare occurrence, the service here has earned Hillstone Stewart K.'s coveted 5 stars.Now don't misunderstand the food here is exquisite.  Hillstone stated that it emphasizes local produce to comprise its dishes.  I am all for this, not for environmental reasons (which I couldn't care less about), but rather practicality.  Local food tastes fresher because it generally is.  The "Nice" salad proved this point as it tasted fresh and "green".  You know that new plant taste that food picked fresh from the field has?  This was especially apparent in the walnuts in the salad which had the imbued flavors of the shell still on it (without the crunchiness of course).  Ah, but here is where Hillstone's, or rather its server Becca, exceptional service points come in.  I was unsure of what entree to get here.  I asked our waitress for her recommendations.  I expected the usual spiel about how the server coincidentally thinks that the most expensive item on the menu is the best tasting.  Not so with Becca, she recommended the $28 ribs or even the burger.  Both are items that are on the cheaper end of Hillstone's offerings.  So despite how quickly, and almost artificially, she seemed to be able to rattle off the recommendations, she quickly gained my trust and passed my test.But alas, I had ribs earlier in the day.  I opted for the $35 Hawaiian Ribeye.  It came out cooked perfectly medium rare (red with warm center), but a tad sweeter than I had imagined since it was glazed in something akin to pineapple something or other.  When Becca came by the table and asked, "How is your meal?"  I answered exactly as I mentioned above.  I guess my Northeastern bluntness may come across as a bit brash around these parts, but I was being honest and I did say that I enjoyed my meal.  But Becca seemed concerned though, like it was her mission to right some great injustice that Hillstone's chef committed against me.  Again, I assured her the steak was good.  So I rounded off my meal with the brownie in a cream sauce that was good enough to drink but decadent enough to make me sick and a coffee.    So throughout my experience here, my waitress thoroughly explained each menu item from the Lux coffee (a local coffee roaster) to practically every entree on the menu, with an patience and positive attitude that I'm frankly just not used to back home.  In addition, at no point did my  water or coffee ever reach empty nor ever leave my table for want of anything...but here was the real gem for the evening.  Despite my fleeting, obtuse comment about the ribeye being "too sweet", she removed it from the bill!  I assured Becca that I was genuinely satisfied with the meal, but she stopped me and replied, "I want you to be completely satisfied with your experience here."  Then she said something to the effect that if I wasn't completely satisfied, I ought not pay. ....NOW THIS IS THE KIND OF SERVICE THAT TRULY DEMONSTRATES GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND FOR THE CUSTOMER.  So what I would consider about a 3.5 to 4 star meal, has become a 5 star experience.  If I am in the area in the future, I will return and would hope that this level of dedication to customer satisfaction is adhered to by all at Hillstone.
5	Tom the bartender is first rate. Always always always get the chicken fingers with honey mustard... sounds basic, but Hillstone's is better.
5	Everything was great.  The Tomato soup was blissful.  Beautiful venue and exception service.  Luv it.
5	Great food and great atmosphere. Highly recommend. One of the best veggie burgers i've ever had at a restaurant. Fresh ingredients -- not your typical bland frozen veggie burger patty you get everywhere else. Quantities are huge, but it was so good i ate the whole thing.
5	My wife and I stopped in at Hillstone on Christmas Eve for lunch. The food was great, I had the prime rib. I was impressed with the service and the professional staff. The atmosphere was great. We will be back!
5	My new favorite place!!!!! Everything we have tried has been awesome.  The smoked salmon, artichokes, kale salad, swordfish, burger, tomato soup & on & on.
5	For our wedding anniversary, we wanted to go to a nice decent restaurant. First thought was Houston's, but my husband's work schedule gets him home a little late. Fortunately I knew Hillstone has the same Hawaiian steak, my hubby's favorite,  plus they were also open later than Houston's. Service was delightful and our server, without mentioning it beforehand, brought out a little dish of some kind of garlicky buttermilk spread. She said it goes well with our cheesy toast appetizer, which it deliciously did! It was also good with my hubby's steak. I had the Thai noodle mango salad with steak, also like Houston's. Simply delicious!
5	gotta get the french dip sandwich
5	Hillstone, while on the pricey side, is worth every penny. The service and food are both above par. Though the name wouldn't imply that sushi is a specialty item of theirs, it should NOT be missed! Also, the crispy fish sandwich is delish as well. The only complaint that I have about Hillstone is the lack of Happy Hour. My girlfriends and I would frequent the place more often for afternoon chat sessions but right now, we would break the bank! Hillstone has a trendy feel - especially the bar / patio area but the service and food prove that this place isn't just here for a minute. Give it a try!
5	Literally "As good as it gets"!!  Everything was top notch!  Great beer selection; I had a French Kronenbourg, which I can't recall seeing in the US recently.  We split the spinach dip (on a recommendation from my other half's friend) -- amazing. I had the "Nice Little House Salad" (which, by the way, is not named after the French city of Nice, rather the English adjective, which proved true) -- extremely fresh, tasty and very generous with the goat and heirloom beets.  Enjoyed THE BEST rib eye I've ever consumed!  Flawlessly prepared and 1000% tasty!  I got a loaded baked potato for my side and I also ate my partner's cole slaw, which was creamy and horeradishy and supremely delicious!  The ambiance; amazing.   The service; flawless.  The food; divine!  It's a tad pricey for a weekly dinner stop, but worth every single penny of it!
5	This is the best restaurant in the valley.  The filet and salmon are to die for.  Great ambiance and service.
5	Had lunch here and was pleased all around. Very pleasant experience and French Dip was amazing.
1	We took a client to Hillstone for dinner. The place is beautiful and the service was great. The food was slightly better than bar food, but certainly not worth the prices they are charging. If you are an advocate of fine dinning: you will be sorely disappointed.  Go there for drinks, enjoy the gorgeous ambiance, but go somewhere else for a nice dinner.I had the Cod special of the day, thirty minutes after eating my stomach started feeling queazy and at 5am I was woken by uncontrollable......food poison symptoms! There were four other members of our party and their stomachs were fine, but they were not overly impressed with their meals. Everyone did enjoy the atmosphere.
4	Hillstone is fantastic and I appreciate that they mix it up with seasonal menu options. The place pays so much attention to the little details and serves up a great meal everytime. If you order a martini, half way through they will bring out a new frosted glass for it so that it stays cold! I've never experienced that until I went here. Seasonally they offer a sushi salad that is fantastic, the burgers are consistently awesome, the fresh fish is incredible and the ribs are dynamite. You can't go wrong with a single thing on the menu.
3	5 Stars for AMBIANCE, AMBIANCE, AMBIANCE. The exposed sandstone brick decor, with rich wood accents, low light and great background make this a sexy, sophisticated yet reasonably priced upscale place for a date or for an intimate gathering with a few friends. The service is also top notch and they have a nice selection of wine.I have to deduct two stars for the lack-luster prime rib which was so disappointing after a delicious starter salad. I had to give props for the creamy horseradish which singed my nasal passages and brought a few tears to my eye. The cut of meat was generous in size and cooked a perfect medium rare as I had asked but it was on the tough and dry side and completely lacking in flavor. I very seldom send back meals and since there was nothing wrong with the preparation, I chose to just endure it. So sadly my first experience here was a bit of a wash after the less than stellar meal. That being said that atmosphere here is just so amazing I will have no choice but to return, if nothing else for cocktails. But I'm sure there's something on the menu that I'm bound to enjoy. I will just steer clear of the prime rib.
4	Very loud and boisterous and bustling, and thankfully we had a reservation, but spent a great evening here!  The service was fantastic, the food and drinks came out in a timely manner, and there doesn't really seem to be a bad seat in the house.  I went simple and had the cheeseburger and I'm still dreaming about the next time I can go back and have another, it was fantastic.  And then I doubled down and had the brownie and thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  And the wine list was pretty big with some interesting options.  I would go back in a second, just really decent American cuisine well-prepared and served with style.
4	All things seem SWEET!We love this place.  We go 3-4 times per month mostly on Fridays for happy hour with full food served as well.  Prefer to sit in bar booth.  We get better service there.  No frosty martini refresher in bar though.Sushi Press is favorite.  When they are "out" we are sad.The thing is, after eating there so often, we notice almost everything is SWEET.  We love Hawiian Ribeye (sweet), all the salads, except perhaps blue cheese wedge (can't seem to get a dressing that is not sweet), ribs (sweet), sauces seem sweet in all ways.  Like the bread basket and straight up martinis.  They are not sweet:)Love the ambiance!We've taken our little boy with no problems ever.Will keep going back!
4	Make a reservation! This place is hopping on Friday and Saturday nights, and probably most other nights as well. I was not prepared for how upscale this place is - I was a bit underdressed. Most men wearing button-downs and sportcoats and most women wearing a little black dress with heels. I can see this as a good place to take a first date to really knock their socks off with fanciness.I ordered a salad, which was tasty, but should have gone for the crispy chicken sandwich or one of the burgers - they looked delish! I will have to go again and do everything right this time :)
4	Great ambience.  Awesome patio.  The food is greatly overpriced, in my opinion.  But if you are looking for a casual, upscale place for dinner with friends, give it a shot.  The atmosphere is ideal.
5	Hillstone, meet the Hillstone...Have a yabba dabba doo time, A dabba doo time, You'll have a gay old time!!!   I loved this place!! The food was awesome, the service was incredible, our server was super funny and the vibe of this place was so relaxing and fine!!My favorite thing here was the Shrimp Coconut Sushi!! MUY DELICIOSO!!!!! Oh and the Ribs are a massive thing to behold, at first I though there was no way I would even finish half but I did, it was that good I guess that eating it was a very smooth journey of pure meaty goodness that I was able to accomplish to about 3/4 of the way that was because I was full to the heart!! We really enjoyed and loved this place!! We cannot wait to go back again and sink our teeth into another dish of pure goodness!! This place is a must for those who haven't decided to go on in!! Thank us later!!! :)  High five and an A+++
4	Super commercial, but definitely the best veggie burger in town! Seriously, no other restaurant even comes close to this one.
4	Really good French Dip sandwich!!  Asked for some horseradish and they asked "regular or strong" asked for the strong...meh..was ok, nothing special. But...the sandwich was  awesome!!
5	I was in Phoenix for business and found this place based on yelp reviews.  I must say, this place is absolutely delicious!!  For starters, the service was very knowledgeable and friendly.  The chef's were extremely creative which led to my questions that the servers explained in completeness.  Lets get to the food... I came with 3 co-workers and all of our meals were delicious.  I had the pork ribs and they were fantastic.  I was able to substitute the sides for whatever I wanted without a problem.  Everything came out delicious!  The ribs were fall-off the bone, some of the best ribs I've had.  Extremely tender and not overwhelmed with sauce.  Highly recommend this establishment.
5	Outstanding food, service and atmosphere. Super posh layout and bar and restaurant open up to the natural beauty of Arizona beauty,so fresh clean air flows through. Spectacular atmosphere.
4	I remember driving by here on the way to Ruth's Chris back when we were first moving to the area, thinking "we should come back and try that place!"...finally, almost a year later, we did.  It's definitely a five star restaurant, for the price.  The prices are reasonable, the service is the fastest I've experienced in my life, and the food was great!  We did have almost an hour wait--but the fish pond outside made the wait seem much shorter.  I would actually give a 5 star score if a) they hadn't run out of prime rib and we had wanted the beef dip and b) the waiter hadn't forgotten to put our (non-alcoholic) drinks on our bill, then asked if it was "ok" to add it after giving us the bill.  Normally when a minor mistake is made on a bill ($10-$15ish for four of us), the restaurant will comp it.  Normally with you order something and a server comes back 5 minutes later to tell you that they're out of that item, especially when there's such a limited menu, they'll do something nice for you, right?  I thought the "free" drinks were to compensate us for the lack of prime rib, but apparently not...We'll definitely go back.
5	I had a very nice meal here, definitely a place I'd return to. The place is comfortable, looks great, and has a nice ambience to it.I ordered the Hawaiian ribeye, with a loaded baked potato. The steak was very good, cooked a perfect medium rare, with a not-overwhelmingly sweet glaze. The potato was pretty decent as well. For dessert, I asked to be surprised with whatever they recommended, and was served a tasty ice cream sundae.It was very good, on my short list for places to go for a nice night out.
1	A friend from out of town wanted to try Hillstone since she loved Houston's. From the start I was unimpressed. After the hostess ignored us we seated ourselves at the bar and waited at least five minutes for one of the bar tenders to acknowledge our existence.  After placing our initial drink/appetizer order the service dropped off. On four occasions I waited an agonizingly long time for the bar tender to refill my empty iced tea glass. The appetizers we ordered were nothing special. The house salad and kale were edible but nothing to write home about and the soup of the day was something more like baked beans only not as goodWe proceeded to place entree orders and my friend ordered her second vodka and grapefruit. More than 10 minutes later my friend still had yet to receive her drink and the bartender who took our orders had disappeared. We asked another bartender and he took my friend's drink order. After another five minutes he came back and told us she was cut off. Really, cut off after one drink? What I find absurd is that we were totally benign customers yet my friend was cut off after one lousy drink while the middle aged woman sitting next to us had exposed ass-crack and was served repeatedly during our 40 minute experience.This place is run by corporate ass-hats and populated by pretentious yuppies. If you want to eat at a nice place go somewhere other than this corporate cesspool. I will never again grace the likes of this rubbish heap with my presence.
4	The atmosphere at Hillstone, no matter which city or location, is always great!  Contemporary, sophisticated vibe in upscale room makes me want to return.  I ate by myself at the bar, but enjoyed chatting with the bar tender and the person next  to me.  I recommend the seared ahi!
4	While considering dining options for our Phoenix trip I skipped over Hillstone once I saw it was affiliated with Houstons.  Chain....skip.  Imagine my surprise then when we were heading back from hiking at the Grand Canyon and we were tired, covered in clay, starving and in desperate need of food and a drink.  We skipped the idea of even going back to our hotel to shower as it was on the later side (9:45PM).  We drove by Hillstone, I recalled the mostly favorable reviews, it was open so we pulled in.  SO glad we did.  We had such a delightful experience at the bar.  The bartender was awesome....from picking out the perfect french white to his service, we had a great experience.Best part of the meal...the veggie burger.  Might of been one of the best things I ate while in PHX.  Worst...rainbow roll.  They were out of the roll we wanted and the bartender said this one would be great.  It's not sushi if it's rolled with a thick mayo-crab mixture.  yuck.  I want to taste the fish. Hillstone has a fantastic patio and great open floor plan. Two tired hikers thank you for a great evening!
5	This was our first time here. I loved the layout of the patio and restaurant itself.  We ordered New York's and the Hawaiian Rib-eye.  Everything was cooked to perfection!  And thank you for putting real bacon on the loaded baked potato.  The baked potato needed more stuff though...  kinda dry, but good.The brownie on a vanilla custard and topped with ice cream with a Carmel sauce... OMG... Fantastic way to get your sugar high on!Over all Service was awesome, Food was perfect, noise level was moderate.... We had a great time!
2	The Thai steak salad is overdressed, overpriced,  overhyped and underwhelming.  The french dip looked delicious.  I know better for next time.
4	This is the perfect spot if you're looking an intimate date or a Girls Night Out or a celebration dinner or a family gathering. Basically any time. Try the veggie burger -- it's my favorite burger in the entire valley. Oh and the Greyhound! I could wax poetic about this drink, but won't. Instead, I'll just tell you that ordering just one guarantees a happy ending to any night. And yes, feel free to interpret that any way you want.
5	My absolute favorite veggie burger is at Hillstone! I also love the sushi, the thai roll is excellent. I always sit at the bar, and I highly recommend the margarita. Fresh squeezed fruit juices and good tequila - goes down real easy. The staff are always on their game, always professional and truly like getting to know you.
5	This is the best restaurant in Arizona if you love (1) amazing food (2) exceptional ambiance and (3) best in class service.  If you are visiting in Arizona, and want the best of the best go here.  I have done all the fancy steak houses, ruth chris, maestro's etc., but this is the best place to go for a great night of dining with friends.  It's only missing a couple things, (a) easy parking (the place is freaking packed all the time) and (b) a great view (it's on camelback).  But hey, camelback is on the new monopoly board so perhaps I stand corrected.  But no views.  Sit at the bar for the most fun.  The bartenders are AMAZING and fun!  Surprise yourself with the sushi roll, and don't forget to try the salmon appetizer.  YuMSville.  Since it is my favorite in greater phoenix area (so far that is) I give it my top raking!  See you there!
1	Awful has a new name.  Hillstone.  Just awful; service food...the whole thing.  Food was cold and poor quality.  Service, they just didn't care.  A tab of $187 one would assume you would get mediocre service but nope. I recommend taking your money elsewhere.
4	Great place for Date Night; I had the prime rib with a salad and my wife had the chicken with salad... food was great and the service is excellent.
5	Best affordable wine list in the valley. The food is fantastic and the service is even better. Love this place. Think I'll go there for lunch today :)
3	3 stars only because the old location, Houston's, was way better and had my heart and the 5 stars.
5	The food was wonderful. The service is amazing. The waitstaff was so friendly and helpful.
4	Impressive!!  Last time I was here, it was 10 years ago and a very shitty Mexican restaurant named Chevys.   The food is great and its owned by Houstons (it has the same vibe).  Our only disappointment is the one page menu.  They just don't offer a lot of variety.   There are not a lot of appetizers and nothing special or discounted for Happy Hour.   They look like they have a sushi bar, but then they have only 6 or seven rolls??Because of their location in the Biltmore corridor, ya gotta have happy hour deals!  We would go again!
4	For years, Houston's/Hillstone's has been a favorite of mine. The food items are so consistently excellent and the service is second to none.The bill is on the high side for what you get, but to me it's worth it.I have never found pork ribs and key lime pie better than here. Yes, the Loup de Mer on my last visit was fantastic. Then there are the vegetables...yum, yum. I will be back!
4	I have been twice in a month which is a definite +  Both times the food great, perfectly cooked prime rib, sides delicious. Spicy tuna roll great, margaritas nice but a little small. Service great first time, second time everyone but my waitress took care of me lol, had to give tip to the person I saw the most. This is the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5. I will go back soon, prob will sit at bar and avoid that all together.
5	Had lunch and it was excellent.  We had the Hawaiian Rib Eye and the Thai Steak Salad and they were both super.  The steak was perfectly cooked, juicy and great favor with fresh french fries.  The salad was spicy with large pieces of perfectly cooked fillet. The margaritas were tasty as was the fresh chips and guacamole.  Service was good and the atmosphere was modern and attractive.  There is a great looking patio and the bar was spacious and comfy.  I would recommend this any time for a great dining experience. PS. KeyLime was a hit with us.
5	Always delicious and classy!Pros:Team serviceTriple filtered water in chilled glassDaily specialsMargarita (freshly squeezed)Thai steak saladHawaiian rib eyeKey lime pie- yum!!!!My mom and I had a late lunch here Wednesday. We truly enjoyed the ambiance, food, and service!  With so many restaurants in the biltmore area it can be tough to choose where to go.  Thank goodness we chose Hillstone!
4	It's a Houston's at the Biltmore w/a different name. Still lots of fun and actually I like this location because of the fun patio and bar. More open concept than the Houston's on Scottsdale. And a cool little fountain in the corner. Same yummy food- Hawaiian ribeye, baby back ribs, key lime pie...Fun and lively on fri and sat nights. Just wish they had the artichokes year round. They always seem to be out when I want them the most. Tired of hearing "they just aren't big enough.."
4	Ohh this place was delicious.  I ordered the Hawaiin ribeye and it melted in my mouth and the flavor just exploded!  I loved it!  The baked potato was piled high and I could probably eat that steak over and over again.  Their california roll was very tasty - assuming it must have been real crab - with a "c"!  We also ordered the salmon and mango roll which wasn't all that great, but definitely edible.  The wait for a Friday night around 8 pm was about 15-20 minutes which was not bad at all.Service was impeccable.  Very attentive and different people catering to our needs which was nice.  Drinks were always refilled in a timely manner and they checked on us just enough to make it not seem obnoxious.  I will definitely come back here again and try other menu items.
5	The place has the best Riesling in the world! Went here on sat night and had the spinach dip ( so good) and for dinner we had Thai steak salad $20 (amazing!) and the Hawaiian rib eye $34 (yummy) and for desert we had the key lime pie, which was great but the ice cream dessert was not good at all, over all the food was amazing but the price was a little high
5	I love everything about this place. The atmosphere is so inviting and I'm always a sucker for any twinkle lights and candles. The patio is beautiful and plan on making my way there once it cools down. I've been to this location twice and the food has always been outstanding. Some of the BEST spinach dip ever and this place has one of my top 5 burgers. The shoestring fries that accompany it are delicious! Last trip we splurged after I read about the hot fudge sundae. OMG. I'm still thinking about it!! Great place for date night. Excellent service. Great food. Can think of zero negatives! Well...maybe that I can't afford to go every night!
5	I can not write enough good things about Hillstone and my dining experience.  Every time my wife and I dine at Hillstone's we are provided excellent service that goes over and above.  All the employees are extremely knowledgeable about the menu items and their ingredients, which allows them to make recommendations to fit your dietary needs.  Plus for the Gluten Free Avenger.  The quality of food produced in Hillstone's kitchen is amazing, so amazing that I have never had a bad meal.  Yes, not once have I had a bad meal.  High quality food with a fair price point considering the service, atmosphere, and menu options.  This is my favorite restaurant in the Valley, hands down.  I am extremely impressed by the menu, service, atmosphere choices of patio, bar, and inside sitting.  Only negative comment is that when they are busy, they are BUSY, you have to wait.  But to be expected from a superb restaurant that can reproduce high quality food and service every time.  Menu Pros:  SalmomTrout, if they bring it backHawaiian rib eyeThe sushi.  Yea, highly impressed.  Knocks most places out of the park.bakeNice little house salad.  Simple but amazing.
5	Everything looked wonderful, I wish I could have tried it all.  The atmosphere is wonderful, really nice bar area!
4	I've been to Hillstone several times and I always enjoy each time Some of their dishes are absolutely wonderful... I somehow always manage to get their sushi and it is always goodNot the best but definitely goodThe service is always really greatIt is a pretty dim restaurant and can be chilly sometimes...On my last visit I wanted to have a drink with my dinner so since I was having sushi, a rainbow roll, so I was thinking a sake bomb.Might seem a little odd for the place but I was just feeling it...Come to find out, they do not carry sakeBut they do have Kirin...Our server was nice enough to go and check to see if the bar had any sake...Turns out, they had one last small bottle of sake...I was happy and I would have been happy even if they didn't have the sake but...For the server to go out of his way to check... It made me happyGreat service...I had my sushi and it was goodMy sake bomb was wonderful...It was a cool experience...A bunch of the servers would walk by and notice my sake bomber and make comments like "Sushi and sake go together, idk why we don't carry it all the time"And""People ask for sakebombers but we usually don't carry it"Maybe something that will get to the owners/managers...Overall Hillstone is great and the service is always wonderful...
5	My absolutely FAVORITE place EVER!! Seriously I've been going to Houston's concept restaurants since I was a teenager and this along with all the others never disappoints. The Hawaiian Ribeye is melt in your mouth delicious and I dream about it... seriously! Service is always amazing (especially Tom at the bar) and I am full and happy every single time I leave! If it was just a tad bit less expensive I would be there weekly but unfortunately it is a once every couple months type of place for me. That's ok though it gives me time to miss it!
4	Two words: French Martini. I love the atmosphere, food & cocktails. Perfect place to indulge. Don't skip the sushi it is amazing!
5	Best ribs ($30) that I've had in Phoenix thus far, hands down. It's even better than Bobby Q's (much less fat on the Hillstone ones). The french fries and coleslaw that come with it are of equal quality and bursting with flavor.  Loooooove!
5	We were lucky we found Hillstone. We were shopping at the Biltmore and wanted to eat dinner nearby. Hillstone is just a short drive East on Camelback from the mall. We were greeted by our hostess who asked us how we were doing. Well, it was a hard day as we had to say goodbye to our family cat that morning. Our evening at Hillstone was the perfect salve to soothe our sorrows.The ambiance is dark wood and dim lighting. Though the expansive dining room was nearly full, it was quiet enough for us to talk in a low voice. Even the nearby open kitchen was barely audible. We settled into our most comfortable booth for a splendid meal. We were not famished so we ordered light. My wife had the California roll and tabbouleh salad; both were delicious with an unusual sauce on the rolls. I had one of the best fish sandwiches ever. The perfectly breaded fish was cooked to perfection. It was served with a flavorful sauce that harmoniously melded with the fish. I ordered a side of perfectly cooked and spiced fries. It was all too much food as I suggested the fish could be served sans bun but with the fries; just call it fish and chips. It was simply delicious.The hot fudge sundae and cappuccino were our desserts. Again, perfectly prepared and delicious. The ambiance and food were only surpassed by the outstanding service. The attentive waitstaff were genuinely service oriented. Our waitress Katie even comped our dessert after hearing about our cat. Now that is how you give a great first impression. We will definitely be back.
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet?!So sweetly dark and romantic.  Gorgeous menu.  Beautiful plating.  The staff is dressed so you feel like you are in a *very expensive* restaurant.  The wine is delicious - I don't care what you drink.  The bar is pleasant to sit in.  The company of other diners is welcomed, not annoying.I have eaten so many things here - both off of my own plate as well as the plates of my co-diners - and it is all exquisite.I'm not joking - if you are in town for ONE SOLITARY NIGHT... eat at Hillstone.The koi pond, the salad, the fries in their cute little carrier, the kitchen staff, the booths...Mmmmm.Six stars.  Seriously.
4	Beau & I enjoyed dinner at the bar this past weekend and, remarkably, missed the crowd, that arrived approximately 15 minutes later. It's taking me months to allow this restaurant it's own flavor compared to its previous life as Houston's, also at a nearby former location. Dining at the bar does elevate the fun for people watching!Service is excellent. Salads (Caesar with roasted chicken, Thai noodle steak salad) truly hit the spot. Roasted artichoke appetizer caught other patrons' eyes; perhaps it was our total unabashed enjoyment of the tasty, fun finger food. Wine list appeared short - should we have asked for a complete list to find broader Red selection in $30-$50 price points? We appreciate the consistency of Hillstone and their ability to make the evening meal a memorable event.
3	Hillstone is good... but it's not Houston's. I was devastated when i found out they are closing the Houston's in Scottsdale next year and heard that Hillstone is basically the same, (it replaced the Houston's in Phoenix). I work right across the street, so finally I figured I'd give it a shot.The restaurant is beautiful, the staff is nice, but the Caesar salad (my favorite) was terrible compared to Houston's. There was corn in it, which I'm not totally understanding and some larger clumps of lettuce that made the salad uneven and harder to share. I'm afraid to try to the burger... but in fairness, the salmon appetizer was just as good.CONCLUSION: Don't close Houston's. It's better. End of story.
4	The food is great, service is great. Atmosphere is great. Staff is friendly and professional. You'll enjoy your dining experience.
5	I took my girlfriend here because she had liked it from before. She has an acquired tasted for fine (cough, expensive) dining. We came here and the parking lot was small so we had to parked some distance away in the Biltmore parking lot and had to walk a bit to get here.We had gotten a nice table by the bar but this place was packed and somewhat loud. They do not have a smoking patio. The food was delicious. I had the filet mignon and she had the seared ahi tuna. She also had quite a bit of sashimi. She really likes sashimi. The service was pretty good and we went home with a little left overs since my girlfriend doesn't really eat that much in one sitting. I figured, be prepared to pay a few hundred and I was correct. Overall, this place is pretty good.
4	Have you ever had a craving for sushi and a baked potato? I found myself in this situation last weekend while on a date with my husband. Luckily, we were at Hillstone, where I was able to hook myself up with a spicy tuna roll and a baked potato. Mmmmmm!!! They also have a Rosemary foccicia with marinated olives appetizer which is delicious, and at $3 is a great deal!
5	Hillstone always does it right.  Every time we go in(1-3 per month) is an excellent experience.  Usually a wait so cocktails at the bar will do just fine. On Occasion we will bring our 15 year old son.  He loves to stand by the open view kitchen and watch the chefs work.  Great move by management by surprising him with a side of fries while we wait.   Service from start to finish is always on point.  Hawaiian Rib-Eye, Prime Rib and the Spinach dip are my favorite.
4	Their food was super delish. Their portions were huge so next time I prob would have split the plate. Def would go again
4	I know this is a chain and found that there is one in SF. We ended up coming here for a late lunch after picking up the husband and daughter from the airport when they flew into Phoenix to celebrate my Gram's 90th. My mom had yet to come here and the fact that this used to be Houston's which used to be located across the street which well, everything that once was has changed in Phoenix. My mom ordered the artichoke and claimed it was one of the best she ever had. I had one of the best house side salads ever. It had all sorts of goodies from beets to goat cheese to hidden gems of avocado. Perfect. The husband had a French Dip he said he would fly back to have again and the DD ordered seared Ahi (she is much more adventurous than I) and loved it. Service was friendly, we left full and I look forward to another experience with Hillstone.
1	We tried to make a reservation for a party of seven and were told by Alecia that they could not accommodate us. She did not attempt to make alternate arrangements and was condescending in the process. We were extremely disappointed and will be taking our business elsewhere.
2	We've been staunch supporters of Hillstone for years, bringing many guests as well as special events to their tables.  Lately, I am saddened to say, there has been a gradual decline.  The wonderful soups are gone and our favorite, the Thai salad, was full (and I mean full!) of peanuts and tonight, no mint.  And the brownie has shrunk, though the price did not (when mentioned to the hostess, I was told this downsizing was the result of some NY regulation--WHAT??)  Regrettably, not the only examples.This place was OUR PLACE for notable meals--great venue, sterling service and consistent meals.  While the venue is still top notch and the service is timely and professional, the food is waning.  We'll be taking our restaurant money elsewhere--it's like losing a good friend.
3	Christmas dinner (again?) at the Hillstone! It was a late decision to finally pick this place, how late? We could only get reservation either at 5:15pm or 8:30pm, yeah... So we decided to be the early birds and arrived at 5:15pm, and wow, this place is quite full, and it's a very mixed crowd at 5pm, you can see family with young children, couples, and friends or colleagues, this has to be good, right?The restaurant itself is very big, plus a big patio/outdoor seating. Interior lighting is to the dark side in my opinion, but at least the tables are not so close to each other, the seating arrangements were nicely done that you would feel spacious.After a few minutes of discussion, three of us decided to share the Smoked Salmon appetizer, two had the Hawaiian Ribeye and I took the waiter's recommendation,  Loup de Mar it is! So here is a bit recap:Thai Tuna Sushi Roll - No, we did not order this, yet it somehow showed up on our table when the waiter decided to say it's on the house (but we all know they must have made a mistake on orders), but hey, it's free, we can at least have a try! Interesting enough, this sushi roll had a thinly and a little shinny rice paper wrapped outside of the rice, I assume it can keep the roll stay in shape, and it's a little chewy. This roll was to our surprise, pretty good! It has a taste of coconut, macadamia nuts, jalapeno and avocado. The sweetness and spiciness went well together!Hawaiian Ribeye - Both medium rare steak came to the table with some 'serious burns', it was later I found out that's caused by the sweet glaze outside of the steak. The steak was cooked well, but a bit too sweet for me, and the baked potato was very big!Loup de Mar - Grilled Seabass with Butternut Squash over some mariana/tomato sauce, very good combination! However, I personally dislike the presentation of this dish. First, I had expected to see a filet of seabass, instead, i got this center-opened, tilapia looking fish with skin and TAIL, was it all necessary? And the randomness of so many crushed pieces of almonds all over the fish, I guess i shouldn't have too much expectation. But really, I thought you would only see fish tails in Chinese food, lol. The fish was cooked a bit oily, to my guess, because it had the skin on, you just need some extra oil to prevent it sticking on the pan.  I was very glad on choosing the butternut squash, with the sourness from mariana/ tomato sauce, it complimented well with the a bit oily fish. Smoked salmon appetizer - We all really liked this! The fish was so soft that it just melted to your mouse like a salmon-flavored butter. Really wish we could have this before the entree!  BUT, our seem-to-be-in-a-rush waiter literally grabbed the plate with 1/3 of fish left, without asking, and took off... excuse me? If we didn't receive the dish until later, at least give us a bit more time to eat!So this is the order of how we have received our food, the appetizer we actually ordered came 5 mins after the entrees were served.Service overall was attentive, however, the waiter or kitchen staff first messed up our appetizer order with another table, although we took a freebie, our actual appetizer didn't come till we already started eating the main dishes. Then the waiter took the unfinished dish without asking, and some other helper came to grab my plate, then asked if i was done, it was only 6:30 by the time we were done, why are you guys in such a hurry? I know you want to clean out the finished plates, but next time, please ask before you have your hand on the plate!With both of the appetizers being very nice, a just a-ok for entrees, and somewhat 'interesting' serving staff, I couldn't pass to give a 3-star rating.
1	This has always been one of our go too restaurants.  On our last visit as we were enjoying the last bit of a bottle of wine.  Servers picked up 1/2 full water glasses, and swarmed our table, they wanted us out.  we were a party of 4 had enjoyed our dinner and we were just finishing up.  This was just flat out rude and very disappointing.  Since when should you feel rushed to finish your bottle of wine.  Not sure we will go back.  I expect great service.  There are plenty of great restaurants here in Scottsdale.
1	Hillstone: you are overrated. You think you are better than you are. Every time I go, I am disappointed and my friends say we are never coming back. We sure miss Houston's in the Biltmore. You tried, but it's not the same. There are so many great places in Phoenix. Hillstone is good. Not great.
4	I came in Sunday to have a nice meal with family before catching my flight. Although we had many choices to choose from in the Phoenix area, I'm glad we picked this place. The food was good and the service was superior. I was surprised to find out it was a chain restaurant as I always have lower expectations. I loved our server Gabby. She had a beautiful big smile that only seemed to be contagious. She was charming, knowledgeable and professional. With a table of 6 she patiently answered all our questions and served our table with accuracy and timeliness. I loved the Thai tuna sushi! Overall, a fantastic experience. I will definitely return on my next visit.
2	Went to meet my mom for lunch last Friday with my little guy.  Instead of being greeted by the host staff, Carol walked up to me and announced that my stroller won't fit in the restaurant and that she would have to take it in the back.  What?  Ok...  This Britax B-Ready apparently warranted a scolding.  Carol was so incredibly rude and my stroller would have easily fit at a table- minus a chair.  What exactly is their procedure for wheelchairs or other special needs devices?  Do they simply not fit or are they not pleasing enough to the eye to accommodate?  They might want to come up with a better story and take a more discerning eye to the host staff.  I've always had such great experiences here in the past; what a disappointment.  We'll be over at Chelsea's.  They're cool with my wheels.
4	Great atmosphere great service.  I have had several of there dishes and I haven't had anything that I didn't like.  My favorite dish to order is the Thai Noodle salad with beef.  It's addicting you will be thinking about this salad days after you have eaten it.
4	Always great going to Hillstone for dinner! The Hawaiian Ribeye just doesn't get any better! It seems as if they changed the fries a little bit. I happen to like the old way better, but I'm not complaining!
5	Just came back from Paris and ate at two- and three- Michelin star rated restaurants. Hillstone's food is honestly comparable.  The ambience is lovely, masculine, and cozy; it attracts a more established crowd. Ernest Hemingway would have loved this place. Service is top-notch. I've ordered everything and am never disappointed.  Best food in town hands down!
3	We came during a weekday lunch, so they were quite busy. We got seated within a few minutes, no biggie. We got approached by 3 different servers before our actual server came over, which was a little confusing.  We ordered a California Roll to share, I got the Prime Rib dip and my mom got a chicken sandwich. The roll was OK, I've had better. The dip was pretty tasty and the fries that came with it were well seasoned and crispy- just how I like 'em.The service here was exceptional. The food, considering the price, just didn't really do it for me. For a $50+ lunch, I wish it was a little more memorable. What I did dig tho, were the giant fish outside who practically jump out of the water when you sit by their little "pond" thing. Besides the service, they were my favorite thing there.
3	Came here with a couple of family members on a Wednesday night.  One of them had a gift card and was eager to give this place a shot.  Its a good thing she had a gift card because the prices were on the high side.  I sort of expected that given this place is in the Biltmore area, and I'm usually willing to pay a premium if the food matches the hype.  Did it?The place was packed, so before I could even think about my food I had to shout across the table just to hold a conversation.  Yeah, its loud in there.  Our server was very friendly, though we had to ask her repeatedly to speak up to hear her over the noise.  We started with the grilled artichokes with remoulade.  This hit the spot since I love artichokes and each had a perfect char.  For my main course, I got the French Dip (in part because my brother claimed it was the best in town).  It was one of the better ones I've had as they used good quality cuts of meat for the sandwich.  For dessert I shared a brownie with nuts and ice cream with the table.  It was adequate, but didn't wow me.So let's get to the price breakdown.  Artichokes?  $13.  French Dip w/side salad?  $25.  Brownie?  $12.  So before tip, it was $60 just for the food I ordered (never mind the food my other two family members ordered).  Maybe its just me, but if I'm gonna drop that much dough, I'd better be getting a fantastic meal.  The meal, sadly, was not fantastic.  It was adequate, even good in some spots, but not fantastic.  And the items I ordered were actually on the cheaper end of the menu.  Most of their main entree items are $35 and up.  What this place brings to the table in terms of friendly service, an elegant atmosphere, and artfully crafted food simply doesn't measure up in terms of intimacy, flavor, or prices.  I might be tempted to try this place again on AZ Restaurant Week or another promotion when restaurants like this slash their prices, but would not come here again on a regular night.  Not enough bang for the buck.
4	Fantastic, one of the best chain restaurants one can hope for. Atmosphere is 5/5. Food is 4/5 but very good. Limited wine list, but some quality options (which was actually quite refreshing given the trend to have wine list overload).
4	Really it'd be a 3.5 star, but edged up by the great service and really above par design of the place.We got the grilled artichokes to start.  It was very simple and good with a tasty aoli to dip it in.  The char on it was perfect and you can really taste it - not sure if its wood?The burger of course had that great flavor on it as well.  It was a gigantic meat patty full of fatty flavor.  The bun was almost strong enough to handle it all, and there was an aoli it seems on it as well.  The shoestring fries that accompanied both our dishes were a bit greasy - kinda reminded me of In-and-Out but maybe a little crispier.  They have ketchup and a spicy aoli which was disappointingly not as good on the fries.  It has a very asian taste to it - like red pepper, rice wine and sesame oil taste.  It might be better with calamari or something else..The chicken sandwich was innovative - it was presented as a sub cut into 3 sections which is nice.  It had a kale based slaw on it, which was delicious but a bit too dressed.  The chicken cutlets were VERY thin in some sections (think McDonald's burger patty thin!) so you can hardly taste any chicken.  I even considered taking apart a section to double up the chicken in the segment I ate.  Generally, I don't like too much meat in my sandwiches too so this was definitely a first.So this far in I'm thinking this is a 3 and I feel terrible from all the grease and mayo-like sauces I just ate.  Then the waiter talks me into a 5 nut brownie dessert that makes me want to go back even now as I write this.  Pistachio, macadamia nut, walnut, and who cares.  AWESOME, and WHY DIDN'T ANYONE THINK OF THIS SOONER??  I'm definitely gonna check out their happy hour and get that brownie again.
1	Had a couple of nice times here but my last visit was and will forever be my last visit. Took my wife for Sunday brunch here last summer and it all went horribly wrong. Bad table, bad snooty waitress, disconnected Scottsdale dude who managed the place went through the motions when we walked out prior to getting our main courses. I have never been made to feel like I wasn't welcome somewhere by a server until that time. I told the waitress (who was the cause of 90% of our bad experience) that we were not staying to continue to be treated like this. She suddenly became very worried we were going to "tell" on her. It didn't matter much anyway because as soon as I started telling the space-case manager what was wrong, he didn't even let me finish my first sentence before trying to buy my silence with gift cards, etc. I know they are a great looking restaurant and they have good food, but you are NO better than the people you serve, so remember that. Tip: Houston's has  nearly the same menu.
3	Food is great. Especially the smoked salmon appetizer and Thai steak salad. Unfortunately, tonight (Saturday) I tried to order take out but was told the kitchen was too backed up so call back in an hour. Looks like I'm eating something else tonight.
5	Excellent meal and atmosphere. Ribs were phenomenal. Little house salad ,not so little, was outstanding. Goat cheese,roasted beets and walnuts delicious with greens and flavorful tomatoes.
1	It pains me to write this review as Hillstone, formerly Houston's, has been one of my favorite places to eat for the past 20 years. The food and service have always been delicious and dependable. However, my last visit left me and my boyfriend with such a sour taste in our mouths, I am unsure we will return. We arrived on a busy Thursday evening, hoping to sit in the bar area. We enjoy the lively scene and people watching. We figured we'd have to wait a bit, which we have done on countless occasions. There was one seat available so I sat and we were greeted by "Al." Seemed like a nice enough guy, very friendly and quickly served us our first round of cocktails. We asked "Al" to keep an eye out for us as we were wanting to have dinner at the bar, he said, "We'll get you seated, no problem." After my boyfriend ordered his second cocktail, we noticed "Al" greeting two of his regular customers that had just walked into the bar area. He walked out from behind the bar and greeted them with handshakes. There was a small high top they sat down at, too small for dinner, but would do for drinks. As he walked back behind the bar to retrieve their bottle of wine, I saw him hold up two fingers to the other bartender. Within 5 minutes we noticed them sitting down at the other side of the bar where two people had just got up. After watching this all go down right in front of us, my boyfriend asked "Al" for our bill. He had a surprised look on his face that we were leaving, since we told him we intended to have dinner. I told him we saw what transpired with his other preferred guests. He quickly apologized and offered to buy us our drinks. When my boyfriend declined and said we would take our business elsewhere, he came out from behind the bar and continued to apologize and offered to buy us dinner. We declined and left money on the bar for our drinks. How could we enjoy a meal after he made it clear the business of his regular customers was more important that ours? Fortunately, we did end up having a lovely dinner down the road at Mastro's City Hall. The bar area was very full and we ordered a couple of drinks and waited for a spot to open up at the bar to eat. Our bartender "Christian" looked out for us and we were seated after about 25 minutes. We enjoyed an amazing steak dinner and were treated with first class service by "Christian." We will be back to City Hall, not so sure about Hillstone. Truly a shame.
4	This place is fantastic for a restaurant chain. (It is part of the same group that own's Houston's). The three times I've been there it has been really busy, but we got great service every time. My favorite items on the menu are the Coconut Shrimp Roll & the tortilla soup! The soup changes daily, so they only have it once or twice a week.
3	Nice room inside, and the patio outside is awesome.  Great service, too; very professional and attentive.  But the food is mediocre and overpriced.  Crab cakes ($35)  were bland; loup de mer was greasy and buried in nuts, so much that you couldn't taste the fishI'd go back for drinks in those comfortable patio chairs, but will pass on dinner there in the future.
4	While the food was ok, our rating is driven by the wonderful service provided by Margaret.
5	I wish they would bring back the Club Sandwich.
3	I'll spare you the lament over Houston's...you've heard it all.Hillstone was my immediate pick when I found out some clients were coming to town from the Midwest. I wanted to take them somewhere nice that gave a good representation of the area and offered a menu they would like. I LOVE that Hillstone has fresh & innovative sushi without letting that bleed into "Asian-fusion" territory for the rest of the menu. I figured these clients would be "meat and potato" folks, and that's precisely what was offered.We started with Happy Hour on the patio and we were all thrilled with the koi pond, comfy seating and gorgeous overall patio ambiance. However, our group of 7 had a really tough time because the patio is definitely set up for groups of 2-4. Still, we made it work for a couple of rounds of cocktails. When we moved inside for dinner, they offered to seat us at two separate tables, since no tables accommodate more than 6 or something...not good for business conversation. We ended up in a corner booth that suited us fine. It was a little cramped  but after our happy hour drinks no one seemed to mind.The service was so great, (except the cocktail runner who spilled my wine upon delivery and failed to bring back a napkin or anything...?) and the servers we interacted with were knowledgeable and skilled in the fine dining etiquettes of business entertaining. I was pleased with the overall experience. The sushi was okay, and typically priced for that kind of place. The rolls were unique, but nothing to praise. The reason I have for 3 stars is value and food quality, and poor seating options for parties over 6. The $35 filet is enormous (12oz?!) but truly left something to be desired. It was not flavorful, and ill prepared. It did not taste or feel like a quality grade and I found myself wishing I had gotten the french dip or just more sushi instead. The potatoes that come on the side really tasted like they came from a powder pouch--nothing creamy or "real" tasting about them. The rainbow chard was good, though. I really really wanted to say the food was amazing but that steak, and those potatoes, were really subpar. I would have rather had 6oz of delicious filet than twice the meat that I didn't enjoy. I'll be back for the patio ambiance but I won't be itching to spend the money for dinner.
5	Ahh, Hillstone.  Consistently delivers quality service and food.   The biggest disappointment is having to wait for a table on a busy weekend night, but it is always worth it!    A few recommendations:- Call ahead for reservations for dinner- Order a glass of Mi Sueno (yum!)- Try their California roll.  I know it sounds crazy but it is by far the BEST California roll you will ever have.  I typically hate Cali rolls but this one is legit.  Who knew a place like Hillstone would have great sushi rolls?  They make theirs with real crab and the best part is that they don't skimp on the crab to rice ratio.  Okay I'm drooling now...- Thai steak salad is delicious and very filling. - Although a little pricier than some of the other items, try their Hawaiian Ribeye.   Ordered mine medium rare and it was "OMG yum" worthy.- French dip is also a must try.  Perfectly prepared every time.  Last night I ordered it and they seemed to have changed the cut of their fries (typically shoe string, which I prefer).- Order the ice cream sundae for dessert and share it with friends.  We like to flip the bowl of ice cream, nuts and whipped cream over into the main dish and drizzle all of the hot chocolate on top.  Perfect for sharing and always a great way to end a delicious meal.
5	Great meal!! Crab cakes and asparagus were amazing. Our waitress India was amazing!! Offered suggestions that both me and my boyfriend got. No complaints. Coming back soon.
2	I have been eating here for 25 years. In the last few months I have had the wait staff comp my dinner on more than one occasion because of some problem waiting on food or because the hostesses out rite lie about the wait.
5	This was my first ever fancy steak house dinner. I'm an outback girl. I'm from Florida. I've never been to Charley's or Ruth Chris, this was a first and it was phenomenal. The service was top notch.... I mean, they gave me a new chilled martini glass when mine was no longer cold because I was milking it (it was a little strong). We weren't dressed up like other people & were younger and didn't feel judged at all. The steak literally melted in my mouth & had the most amazing flavor (I got the Hawaiian rib eye) and we also got dessert which came with a ladle of hot fudge. This place was so delicious and I can't wait to go back.
2	Is my love for Houstons waning?! A much anticipated visit to the Phoenix "Houston's" turned out to be a disappointment. Hillstone is the parent company as well as a number of other restaurants such as Bandera (Chicago), Rutherford Grill (Napa Valley), and Woodmont Grill (Bethesda, MD). I once had an aspiration to visit every Houston's but am now reconsidering. Unfortunately, the Phoenix visit is where this reconsideration started. We went in for an early weekday lunch. Our server was polite but acted like he was being forced to be nice...fake enthusiasm with a lot of teeth showing.  His enthusiasm didn't translate to familiarity with the menu. He told me that the kale chicken salad was like the regular chicken salad - somewhat accurate but much less helpful than explaining the differences to me when I told him that I had eaten the chicken salad many times. NOT the same in volume nor flavor.And I have more general angst against Hillstone/Houstons:- Rarely offer open table or other reservation system- No more off the menu classics but stil a limited number of menu selections- Wine selections have become more pedestrian over the years C'mon Hillstone...step up!
5	These guys and Houston's are awesome.  The outside patio makes the food taste even better.   Love it!
5	Short Version: Consistently awesome service and delicious food. Every time. My favorites: Prime Rib Dip, Thai Steak Salad, Hawaiian Rib Eye, Ribs, California Roll (NOT your typical, trust me) and Chicken Sandwich.Long Version: Hillstone is consistently busy so get there early (11:30 for lunch or 5:30 for dinner) to avoid a wait.I have a friend who makes fun of me for this because he likes supporting the small local restaurants, but I'll say it again. Hillstone is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale. I come very frequently for lunch and on nights out with my wife for dinner. I'd say I've been to Hillstone 15-20 times in the last few months alone. Every. Single. Time. the service is awesome. And again, every single time, the food is awesome. My favorites for lunch are the Prime Rib Dip (Best French Dip I've ever had) which, as the name suggests, uses slices of Prime Rib. It's no joke. The Au Jus is awesome too. If I want something a LITTLE lighter, and I say a little, because it still has steak in it, I get the Thai Steak Salad.For dinner we typically get the Hawaiian Rib Eye and I recently discovered how awesome the ribs are, so I'll be throwing that in the mix too. Since it's dinner, we usually get the California Roll as an appetizer. I'm a big sushi fan, so I understand when every person I eat with is hesitant when I suggest the California Roll. It's truly unique and doesn't taste anything remotely close to the traditional "newbie" sushi roll everyone thinks of. Just try it. Also, when it's on season, we will get the grilled artichoke.5/5 for service and 5/5 for food. Definitely a rare one. I'm sure I'm a bigger fan boy than most and have become biased.
5	This is my go to spot. Service is consistently immaculate no matter who you get. Tom the bartender pays attention to the customers names and what they drink with everyone I see. You can't go wrong with any of the food. I've tried it all and love it all. I generally get the Thai tuna roll with a kale salad as it's clean and fresh. Atmosphere is beautiful..lots of celebrities stop by here as they generally stay in the Biltmore area.
2	My review is based on nothing but my experience walking into the restaurant. Immediately, I felt an air of pretentiousness that couldn't be shook. From the people in the restaurant to the "fish" being shown at the sushi station. There was even a bowl of artichokes showcased by the grill that had multiple flies flying in the vicinity. I thought, the food must at least warrant this and took a look at the menu. Everything I saw was priced like nothing I had seen before. Nothing I saw on the menu seemed at all worth the price, but I tried it anyway and my initial thoughts were justified. I will not be back to try anything else. Try another restaurant in the area. Please.
5	I had the most amazing time here tonight! Im new to the area and this place had amazing reviews so I checked it out. Our server Melissa was just amazing. She went above and beyond her duties to make us comfortable, I will defiantly come back to see her! I got the Thai ahi tuna roll, it was incredible! It has cashews in it that make a perfect crunch! My dad got a burger and coleslaw and loved it! They also have have chain breaker! Love it!
5	I read the reviews before I went so ordered the California Roll, Thai Steak Salad and Hot Fudge Sundae (not on the menu) and was blown away with each item!  I probably could take it down one star because the service was a little strange, but ultimately, its about the food.  I can't wait to go back and just have a steak...which I never order when I go out, but the steak in this salad was so good, I want to have the whole thing!
4	First time (yesterday) in for lunch...Drawn in by the architecture.  Parking was plentiful (and shady).  Beautiful coy fish at the entry.  Peaceful ambiance.  Hostess (who was also our server), was very friendly & accommodating.  We ordered a couple of House Made Veggie Burgers (in hopes of something comparable to the late J. Alexander's in Scottsdale).  I ordered mine without the bun, which was displayed with a bigger slice of tomato & large pieces of lettuce to take the bun's place.  The flavor and texture was great!  Jamie was a great server (we never had an empty glass or our plates sitting on the table).  She was prompt and very polite.  This was a great experience...we'll definitely be back!
4	Food was amazing, drinks were spectacular, wait staff was friendly and anticipated every need. The ambience was fabulous with casual diners seated next to the formally dressed with all having a great time. We plan to go back and bring more friends and family.
1	So I decide to take my daughter here because she loves Houston's. I know they are owned by the same company but have different menu items. When we walk in I ask if there are any choices for kids and the hostess says yes a kids burger and a grilled cheese. Waitress comes over, not genuinely friendly, more like fake friendly. I ask about the kids burger since that's pretty much the only suitable option. She tells me that there's no difference btwn kids and regular burgers. Both $16. Ok I'll pass and order her a California roll. It was 5pc and very different tasting and still had imitation crab but still cost $13. I've never seen a Cali roll cast more than $8. And that's regular price, not $4 happy hour. I order the French dip which apparently is prime rib but mine was more fat then meat. Disgusting...had to return it. The only good part of the lunch was our appetizer, spinach dip. It's always a win. The mgr was mediocre and took off the Cali roll but acted like he just graduated with a hotel restaurant management degree and was not sure how to treat a customer. Honestly, he should've comped me and bought us dessert but knocking off an overpriced piece of sushi was better than nothing. Next time I'll go to the Henry. 100% better than this place
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I love their Martinis, and I love that when you're halfway done with your Martini they bring over another cold glass to replace your existing warm one.  The service is outstanding.  The ribs are amazing, but for $30 they shouldn't be anything but.  I do agree that Hillstone is on the expensive side, but I believe you're getting what you pay for.  Even their sushi is some of the best in town.  It's certainly my favorite.  Is it expensive?  Yes it is, but it's also amazing.  At $13-$21 a roll, it better be damn good!  The cheeseburger and chicken sandwich are very good as well.  You really can't go wrong here.  If you don't like it....I'm thinking the problem isn't the restaurant.
1	I was terribly upset with this restaurant. Their prices are absurd for the casual dining experience which made their disinterest in pleasing their customers even more inexcusable. They serve a Caesar salad which is served as a whole leaf. I do not enjoy cutting it up at the table with lettuce sliding off the plate and messing the table area. I requested as I ordered it that it be cut before serving it. They refused saying it doesn't look as good. When I said that i didn't mind if the presentation was compromised and I would enjoy it more cut up. They again said no. They were too busy. Additionally they took some old standbys off the menu. High prices and no regard for customer satisfaction is a bad combination.
3	This review is about lunch on a Sunday. The food is good but the service is not. We've been here twice for lunch, once for dinner. The dinner service was good. The lunch service is quite poor. Keep in mind that the restaurant was not busy at all.We were served by many different people. One of them identified himself as our waiter. Our waiter asked if we needed anything and we said we needed a couple minutes to check out the menu.About 10 minutes later, he finally came back and took our order. After a reasonable amount of time (maybe 10 minutes), we got our food - delivered by two different people. Based on my previous experience, I knew I better ask for anything I needed right then. I asked for ketchup and the nice woman who handed me my plate said "sure." She never came back.After waiting about 5 minutes for someone to come by I finally flagged down someone walking by. I asked for the ketchup. It started to seem like he wasn't going to come back either but then he showed up with the ketchup.My drink ran out and I was almost done with my meal before the waiter... who we hadn't seen since he took our order... came by and I asked for another drink. My partner's ice tea went empty and was not refilled until I flagged someone else down to fill it.Ironically, the check came promptly, was processed promptly and the receipt was quickly picked up. If the service during the meal was as good as it was on the check, I would have been much more satisfied.We're going to give it another try for dinner and see if it is truly just the lunch service that is lacking. Given the price and the number of staff they have (we were served by at least six people), there's no excuse for bad service.
3	Food is good, but not great. Missing the final touch! Ordered the ribs, kale salad and ice tea. Service was excellent, besides the fact that they did not allow us to dine in their patio area. What kind of a policy is that? If we want to enjoy a beer and ribs on the patio then we should be able to, Period.
5	Hillstone is the Mecca for impeccable service and consistency in high-quality food. It's the type of restaurant that you visit and expect a flawless evening. The thing is, you expect it because it always happens. Food is never rushed to the table upon ordering different courses, service flows incredibly well, and if there is any sort of mishap they fix it without question.The burger is fantastic, the french dip is the best in town, and the pork ribs are incredible. They also serve sushi and while the selection is limited, it is excellent as well. The restaurant design is brilliant. Low lighting around the tables with a singular light right overhead, making for an intimate dining experience without the distraction of the hustle and bustle that goes on during service. They even designed the "well bar" to be set up next to the sushi bar so that servers are not constantly coming up to the main bar to get drinks during lunch/dinner which helps efficiency. Small details, but they were thought out to perfection and it makes a big difference overall.You know what you're going to get when you come to Hillstone. Consistency is the name of the game, and with so many other restaurants dropping the ball when it comes to food and/or service, it's why I keep coming back time after time.
5	Chic consistency is how I would sum up this classic example of what American dining should be.Another visit Sunday night 7:30 work friend gathering party of 5. The first arrival was seated in a large booth on the north side of this gorgeous spot.  Of course the best views are at the bar but a booth is more spacious & conducive to conversation.  Our server was Yanni which she was kind, down to earth, and accurate with our requests. She made our experience seem cozy and comfortable.  When I read reviews of pretense at Hillstone, I cannot relate.  Yes the architecture and cuisine is nearly flawless, it does not seem snooty at all.Our table had the ahi tuna steak, gulf coast fish sandwich, veggie burger, Thai steak salad, tuna mango roll, and bread.  All of us enjoyed the fresh straightforward preparations and delicious flavor combinations.  Yanni suggested the mi sueno el llano Cabernet to accompany my Thai steak salad- great choice.  A smooth lingering berry wine really enhanced the mango & filet mignon.  We shared a couple key lime pies with the non sweet whipped cream.  Truly a delicious example of classic pastry.  The lime filling with cold and tart not overly sweet and the perfect minty green homemade color.  The crust is a nutty crumble that you press your fork into the last crumbs.I will continue to recommend this establishment to visiting clients in my nearby biltmore fashion park boutique.Thank you to Hillstone for their service, food, and chic consistency.
5	As always we had a fantastic experience here.  This time was actually exceptional. We brought our son with us and Sophia (our server) was awesome.  Sometimes when people bring kids to a restaurant the staff is put off but this place was just awesome.    Everyone stop by to say hi to him and the manager even brought him cut mango to try.   He loved the attention and we loved the experience.  Thank you Sophia for a perfect experience.
5	If you're looking for a truly upscale dining experience in Phoenix you must try Hillstone.  My brother and I came here for a sushi lunch and were greeted by a hostess in a black cocktail dress with the appropriate jewelry.  She led us past the station where we could see the sushi chefs creating artistic masterpieces and finally deposited us at a dimly lit table that felt secluded even though there were other tables all around us.  This beautifully decorated restaurant has mastered the feel of Old World elegance.  They appear to achieve this effortlessly, though I'm sure it is not as easy as it seems.  The menu does discreetly remind you to do your part "Please refrain from using cell phones in the dining room."The waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to accurately describe how each type of sushi was made.  My brother and I were saddened to hear that they did not have their famous artichokes on the menu at this time of year.  The waitress let us know that the artichokes produced by their supplier were better at a different time of the year and would be back on the menu when their high standards were met.We started our lunch with an order of fresh guacamole, salsa, and corn chips. The salsa and guacamole were beautifully constructed and it was easy to tell they were freshly made that day.  They were gone in no time at allOur waitress was quite solicitous "Would you like some warm towels before your sushi?"  Why, yes, we would.  She brought us warm damp towels to freshen our hands with and chilled bowls for our soy sauce.  We felt quite well taken care of as she unobtrusively came and went.  My brother exclaimed "She is a ninja" at one point as she took dirty dishes and unneeded silverware aware without drawing our notice.I ordered the Thai tuna thai roll which was beautifully plated in a diamond pattern and accompanied by several dipping sauces.  I tried the rolls with and without the sauces and every bite was like a revelation.  Truly the best sushi I have ever had.My brother, Josh, ordered one of the pressed sushi rolls paired with a kale and cashew salad.  I tasted one of the pressed sushi rolls and it was as magnificent as my rolls had been.  Luckily for me, my brother is not big on kale, so I talked him into letting me have his salad.  The kale and cashew salad was simply amazing and was definitely worthy of being its own main dish.Unfortunately, we did not save room for dessert on this visit, but I would like to come back when the artichokes are in season and promise to save room for the dessert next time!This is a very classy (dressy) restaurant, but it is Phoenix so casual is also an acceptable option.  Most of the people in the restaurant when we were there were dressed in suits or designer dresses, but my brother and I were dressed very casually (we went hiking after lunch) and were treated with just as much respect as those who were dressed more appropriately.
5	This has been my favorite restaurant for about 20 years (obviously when they were called Houston's too).   I've eaten at the newer and older location about 100 times (combined). I have had 2 or 3 occasions that I felt were subpar but I realize everyone has an off-day here and there.  Still my favorite!!!
4	I initially wanted to order something light as I was going to dance my butt off at this Marc Anthony concert. So, I went for the veggie burger which was surprisingly larger than I expected, but equally delicious. The veggie party was rather well structured (a perfect circumference lol) and to complement it, there was the tomatoe, a bit of coleslaw. Not regrets about my decision and I'm looking forward to coming back, basically because the service was amazing!!
4	They have the BEST grilled artichokes. They don't always have them on the menu but they usually still have them so ask your waiter. (You're welcome)The arctic char is super goodThe little house salad is super goodThey make good whiskey soursalso GET THE FUDGE SUNDAE!! The fudge is ~real~ If you "don't have a sweet tooth" then get some help.**the only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because once they gave me blanched asparagus without warning and whoa, not good**
5	The New York strip is the best steak in Phoenix, AZ. The loaded baked potato is magical in it's saltiness and smooth buttery-sour cream richness. The service is prompt and professional. The restaurant is housed in a beautiful building. The draft beer is a perfect temperature. The apple walnut cobbler is a force onto itself.
5	This place is excellent. Great tasting food and atmosphere. They have a real comfortable  patio area and the staff are very friendly and attentive to the customers needs. Had some of the best tasting food in a long time here and dessert was excellent as well. Would highly recommend this as a top place to have dinner to anyone.
4	I love Hillstone because it's also owned with Banderas and Houstons. I would recommend the rainbow roll because of the citrus flavoring they put inside! ( it's amazing) . I would also recommend the tuna roll as well. I love the ambience because it's dark and the atmosphere is very relaxing. You can sit at the bar as well. I would make this my monthly trip to come and eat here.
5	A very decent restaurant. Great ambiance. Our waiter was courteous and even brought us a free appetizer since it was our first time in. The spinach artichoke is fantastic, and they bring out more chips for no extra charge if you need them. The sushi was great - they put their own spin on your everyday sushi roll. We tried the tuna mango and it was the perfect blend of sweet and spice. I ordered the California burger for lunch. Best burger I've had in a long time. Three other people came with me and they absolutely loved their dishes as well. The waiters/waitresses made sure our water glasses stayed full during our entire stay. It doesn't get any better than this.The only downside to this place is we weren't sure where the entrance to the building was. But there's no "wrong" way to enter.
5	Very nice atmosphere. Anah took great care of our party and smiled the whole time. Looking forward to coming back!
4	Went there for mini date. Had the sea bass I believe. Boyfriend had the steak Thai noodle. The best dish ever! Even better than mines and it wasn't bad for $15 bucks. But there menu doesn't have much, they couldn't make me a sex on the beach :(
5	The food, atmosphere and service are always top notch. Recently, a delayed order put their customer service to the test and they passed with flying colors. They were prompt informing us of the issue, ensured we were comfortable (and fed) during our wait and just really took care of us before, during and after our meal. They went above and beyond expectations for customer service. I highly recommend Hillstone and will be returning soon.
5	Blue Cheese Wedge Salad, Hawaiian Rib-Eye, Server's recommended Cabernet and a table for one and I'm in H-E-A-V-E-N :)I've had Houston probably 3 or 4 times over the years.  I had no idea Hillstone was apart of Houston's family until the server told me!  One of my favorite places ever!
5	Jill, Tom and Al are the very best and provide A+ service consistently. The food is second to none.
5	I absolutely love Hillstone. Try the Ahi, Osaka Style Pressed Sushi, French Dip and the Thai Tuna Roll, but you cant go wrong with anything since all of the food is delicious! The service is also completely on par.
5	Love this place! We usually home here for lunch with friends while in the Biltmore neighborhood or after a fun day of shopping :). Their kale salad is AMAZING!!! Chicken, finely shredded kale, cashews, toasted coconut....OMG I know it may sound a little odd but it is so good that I order the same thing every time. When I'm eating it I don't want it to end. Please don't ever take it away!  Their roasted chicken entree is also amazing. We always order the same things because we crave it.  Nice atmosphere, a brighter more modern version of Houstons with the same great staff, service, and consistently great food. Parking can get busy during peak hours.
5	When you have impeccable service and phenomenal food, you will always have my attention and adoration. THIS place is my fave spot for every excuse possible to frequent it. It hits the mark every time. I love sitting at the bar or patio area because Hillstone just attracts quite the crowd of movers and shakers because what's the fun in a staring contest. Definitely start with the house-smoked salmon. That in itself could be your entire meal with a couple of glasses of wine, but then I would be short changing you a review of their offerings wouldn't I? On a side note, always order the grilled artichokes if they are available. It will seriously ooze goodness all over your mouth. The last thing I think about is salad at a steakhouse, but I will say that the Blue Cheese Wedge Salad,  Chicken Kale Salad or the Yellowtail Sashimi Salad are my fave side dishes to accompany the Hawaiian Rib Eye, or the Prime Rib. Here's the crazy thing. They have sushi and I haven't even tried that because I am so smitten by the other choices. Says a lot for me to give 5 stars without trying everything.  I actually will have to venture back strictly for that feasting. While their sister restaurant Houston is a fave, Hillstone takes the spotlight. It sits in a class of its own, maybe because every outing has always left me with a dazzling smile. Parking can be nuts but I promise it's worth the walk and you'll appreciate the stroll after gorging on their culinary delights.
5	Hillstone is one of my go to's. The pressed sushi is something you must get. That is what keeps me coming back. Everything here is delicious. Good wine list. Servers know what they are talking about. Even the nice little house salad is so simple yet divine! I have not a bad thing to say about this establishment.
4	Love this place!  Quick service, great atmosphere, pleasant servers.  The French Dip is money!!  The Ahi was tasty and the Salmon was cooked perfect.  Yummy fries too.  So much deliciousness going on with their menu.
2	Seriously? As a typically huge fan of Hillstone across the US, this location jumps the shark more often than it should. Cold night in Phoenix. Hour wait for a table. No problem. Party of 5 sit at the patio for drinks and relax before dinner. Patio heaters make it nice but the patio is maybe 20% full since it's cold. Manager says we can't have 5 chairs at our table. Huh? Has us move our chair back to the neighboring table - which remains unused, along with 20 others, the rest of the night (it's after 8pm). What idiot thought up this policy? It's not a fire or safety risk. It's a patio with tons of room. Believe it or not, we'll still come here often as we have faith that they'll pull their head out and get back to a high standard of hospitality. But be warned, this location can require some patience if you expect the Hillstone standard.
5	If you're looking for consistent quality in every respect, this is your place. From the interior design and materials to the quality of ingredients and preparation to seamless service, Hillstone excels. All you give up is a high level of creativity. That being said: it is the most consistent restaurant in Phoenix and the most admired by restaurateurs.My go to: Loup de Mer or Yellowtail Sashimi.
5	LOVE this place! The food is phenomenal the service is five star and the dining experience amazing.  This is a great treat for me and a place I come to a special occasions.
5	Place was packed on a Tuesday night so I had high expectations Was not let down The Hawaiian ribeye was cooked to medium rare perfection and I'm a stickler for cooking beef to order. Enough said really
