4	Few things are worse than your washing machine breaking as soon as you return from vacation. So, I had to find a laundromat. Recalling one pretty close to me on Baseline, I loaded up the car with 4 large baskets and headed that way. Red Mountain caught my eye instead because of the Grand Opening sign. I figured new had to be better than the sketchy place I had intended to go. Yes, the machines are new and have capacities from 1 up to 8 loads. Yes, everything runs on a card system (you need to feed the card machine cash and then use the laundry card on the washers and dryers. You cannot use debit/credit anywhere.). The place was bright and clean and had vending machines for detergent and softener, snacks, and sodas. There are plenty of rolling laundry carts, movable chairs, laundry folding tables, and two TVs. What the four stars is really all about is Lisa, the sole employee during the time I was there. She embodies customer service. She helped me bring my heavy baskets in, was patient and yet not patronizing when showing me where everything was and how to work the laundry card system. Even though I thought I checked the washers thoroughly, she brought me two socks I had left behind. When she wasn't helping other customers, she was cleaning the floors, inside and outside the washers and dryers, the sink, the tables, and the restrooms. And, after checking in on my progress and making some pleasant conversation, she helped me bring the baskets back to my car. I hope we can get a new washer soon. But until then, I would not hesitate to return to Red Mountain Laundry.
5	The only review for this place is almost 2 years old.  So please allow me to give credit where credit is due.I had been searching for a few weeks for a laundromat that could be my "regular" place to go.  I always search for a place that embodies Cheers in it's vibe.  And this is the place.  Red Mountain laundry is clean, staffed, and a place I don't mind hanging out while my clothes are sloshing around.First and foremost, the couple of times I have been there; Lisa, and employee has been very helpful.  She helped me through all the steps from getting my card loaded with money, helping me find the best machines to use for my various baskets, and even helped load those baskets into my car when everything was said and done.In the past I've read reviews for places where they complain "there's kids in there, acting like kids" *gasp* THE HORROR!  Or "there's always people hanging out front".  Well, yes, there were children, but they were always kept under control.  Even when one of the kids decided to tear up a paper, his mother promptly corrected him and made him clean it up.  And this is the experience that I've witnessed every time.   As far as the people hanging out front...it seems to be mostly husbands. LOL.  But they've been good to talk to while I hang out.  Hell, I even exchanged business cards with some of them.Now for the important information, my clothes came out VERY clean and smelling great.  Better than they ever did with my expensive home washer/dryer in the past.  the free dry that is included is awesome and has always given me enough time to completely dry my clothes.  There has always been washers and dryers available when I've gone.  The last time I went was awesome, I got to watch Family Guy and Big Bang Theory on the tvs.If I was to HAVE to give this place any criticism, it would have to be for a working soda machine or drinking fountain...but that is all.  This is my new laundromat (until I get a new washer/dryer) but even then, Ill probably still come in to wash my comforter.All in all, this is the place to go.  Check it out!
5	Super clean and big efficient machines. The dryers are amazing. I love that its not an 8min timer for the dryer.
