4	This place was formerly known as, "The Junction" and has recently been changed to "Five Star Tavern". Anyway, been here twice already and figured I'd write a short review.This place is definitely a lot bigger than it looks. Very spacious inside with a 360 bar with gambling machines on them. There are two pool tables on the western side of the venue right when you walk in. They look like they're in pretty good condition too. The times I've been here, they have been renovating and it keeps looking better and better everytime I go in here. It's a cool place to chill and watch some sports while drinking some cheap beer. You also get a complimentary drink if you're gambling which is quite nice.The kitchen is not yet ready from what the bartender told me but will be open in about a week's time. I will definitely be back here. It's been kind of dead both times I've been but I expect that to change once the word gets out about this place. Gripe 1: I wish they turned up the volume on the T.Vs whenever the game is playing because it's definitely too quiet in there sometimes. Plus I love it when I can hear the game(even if it's on low volume). Gripe 2: No top or medium shelp liquor. No Crown, Jack, Ciroc, Patron, Don Julio. This actually made me really sad :(All in all though, I can't complain too much about this place and I will be back! If I know I am going to go to a place more than just a couple times, then it's gotta qualify for at least 4 stars :D
3	Place is pretty dead.  Not really to sure what all has changed since it was the Smoke Ranch Junction.  I will have to come back another day and give this a second try.
5	This bar if perfect for a low key night, or to watch your Sunday football game (they have the NFL package!!!). The bar staff and cooks were great. Speedy service and friendly smiles. Even the poker machines seemed to favor the customer. The food was awesome. There is a large selection of foods for all appetites. I had the Potato soup and a burger, that were both fantastic. I'll be coming here again for sure!
2	I walked in and was greeted as I took a seat while putting a 20 in the new machine. I ordered 1 beer and a few min later ordered nachos. Durring my meak I was constantly playing max bet on a penny keno machine. I ordered another beer and life was good and so were the nachos. I asked for my bill and was given the check for 2 beers and my food. When asked why the beer she said ....um well how much did you play? she saw me put in a 20 and obviously did not cash out at all. I was playing the entire time. I spent less than 30 min there start to finish. It is VERY BAD business to not tell a slot player they are being charged for drinks!!!! I will NEVER return and I live walking distance from there. Its not the first time it has happened there, I have seen others leave also.
5	This place is awesome, best happy hour ever $2 mix drinks and 2 for $5 beer, you cant beat that specially here in las Vegas. The food is delicious I had their nachos and chicken wing, I was surprise that they had such a tasty food. Definitely a nice place to hangout with friends, watch football, drink, play pool or gamble. The waitress was great love her and this place  has definitely become my number one spot specially to drink :).
1	I am disappointed in this bar completely. It used to be a pretty awesome dive (Smoke Ranch Junction) where people won and had a good time. I was a "regular" Then it changed ownership recently and every time I go in there, I'm meeting a new bartender or staff. Management treat their staff terribly, so I've heard by numerous people, and I do not want to spend my hard-earned money on a place that has no respect for their team. I've been in the industry for years and it's not cool in my book.PS. I am not a fan of the apple candles they burn constantly. It's overbearing and pretentious.
1	Time to ditch this place. Came for a late bite last night 6/14 and had the worst service in my multiple visits here. My boyfriend had 20 minute wait for another drink, our food came out and sat by the wait staff for 10 minutes getting cold, until WE went and grabbed it. My boyfriend also got the completely WRONG food. He wasn't acknowledged after 10 minutes of trying to get someone's attention. Watching the bartenders chit chat while we sat neglected was not my idea of a good atmosphere. I guess this is a place where if you are not a regular you get treated to poor service.
4	We randomly went into Five Star Tavern Saturday because we were looking for a place to play pool.  YAY for cheap pool tables.  $1 for one game or I think it was $2 for 3 games.  It was quiet.  Several people at the bar and a larger party at a table in the dining area.  Everyone was eating but I didn't stare their food down so not sure if it looked great but it did smell good.  Very quaint place.  The bartender was friendly.  Ordered 2 Bud Lights on tap...$5.00 YAY again.  Decent atmosphere and cheap drinks in Vegas are a rare commodity.  We will definitely go back for more pool and drinks.
1	I first came here 2 months ago had the greatest customer service I had in a long time. I came back a second time I had the same bartender Cassandra, same thing great customer service. The next time I came in I had a different bartender and I told her about how great the customer service. She laughed and said I must have caught Cassandra on a good day, I didn't  appreciate her humor. Turns out they let Cassandra go. I have been in here 3 times now and the customer service is horrible I walked out waiting for someone to take my food order last time and it looks like I am going to do it again. Looks like they let the wrong bartender go. If you can live with poor customer service, the food is good here. I recommend the blue cheese burger or the blue cheese steak.
4	Little gem! Bartender Alisha is attentive and very pleasant. Good is really good as well. Look forward to coming back!
3	Very nice bar and the prices are very reasonable, if they put 2 (diamond) tables in there instead of 1 bar table and 1 build at home type pool table it would make this bar a very awesome place to hang out at and take pool league teams all week 24/7.
