2	The people at the store itself were actually fairly helpful and the furniture is of decent quality.  Why only two stars, you ask?  Because I thought their delivery was horrible.  When I bought the furniture, I set up the delivery date for the day I was to move into my new condo and told them I'd prefer an afternoon delivery so that I can make sure I've got everything settled.   The day before delivery, they call and say I'm the first delivery of the day on the 830-1230 truck (which usually, I would be very stoked about), which wouldn't work, because I wouldn't have the keys until 10 at the earliest.  I told them this and they said it shouldn't be a problem to switch it to around noon.   The next morning, they call at 815 to say they are 20 minutes away.  "Uh, yeah, I told the lady last night that I wouldn't have keys until 10, and she said she'd set me up for around noon", I said.  "Oh, that won't work", says the driver guy, then procedes to tell me if I'm not there, that he can just put the furniture outside.  After explaining, in no uncertain terms, that he wouldn't be doing that, he said he'd make us the last run and would call when he was on his way.  Here is how the rest of the day played out:Around 12:  I ran to do errands, and completely lost track of time and everything else (which is pretty typical of me).330: Return home and realized that I still didn't have furniture (I'm quite astute).  I call the store, they say they'll call the driver and get right back to me.  400:  No furniture and no return call.  I call them back, they say the driver will be there in about 20 minutes.  500:  Twenty minutes has now lasted an hour.  I call back again to see what the hell is going on, they say the driver is now stuck in traffic.  When I ask for an ETA, they say, "about 45 minutes."  It's at this point that I start losing it (and I'm generally a very calm person).  It seems, I was not aware of the normal person to delivery person time conversion rate.  Simple misunderstanding.  600:  Still no driver.  I call AGAIN, they say the driver will be there in 5 minutes.630:  The driver finally shows up.   I would really, really, really love to know how twenty minutes became two and a half hours.  I still have no answers.  I did, however, have a broken dresser.   Yep, not only was it over 6 hours late, some of it was broken.  Follow up:  I called the next day to let them know the dresser was broken.  They promptly brought me a new one within 48 hours and were actually right on time on that occasion.
1	WARRANTY IS TERRIBLE.  Customer service is worse.  My advice: DO NOT PURCHASE fabric  protection plan or any other warranty other than what comes with your furniture.  We bought a sleeper sofa in 2007. The first time we tried to use our warranty 5 year protection plan for a stain on the sofa this week (1/17/2011), we are told that they will not send out a technician to even come look at the stain to see if it is something that they can remove.  When we asked the purpose of the warranty, we are told to go read the warranty book in full detail in a patronizing voice.  So last advice: if you do stupidly  (like us) get suckered into buying the warranty - make sure you make up a time/date and chemical makeup of whatever the spill or stain is prior to making your claim.  Even then, it's sure to  be denied by some other minor detail you overlooked in the  manual.  Your friendly advisor.
1	I had one good experience, our sales rep, Jed was great, other than that, the customer service, delivery, and accounting was a nightmare.  They delivered the wrong furniture, delivered a piece that we canceled and still charged us for it.  The client service department gave me a partial credit back 3 weeks after it was due.  We never received a bill until 3 months after furniture was delivered, and we realized they shorted us $800 on our refund for the piece that we canceled.  They would not return calls or deal with the situation.  I would never think about buying furniture there again.
1	OMG, I really don't know where to start. We purchased two red leather reclining couches a year ago.  They stopped reclining and started falling apart, so we called customer service.  They agreed to send someone out, but we had to wait almost 30 days for an appt.  The repair person came out just to agree that we did indeed need our couches repaired and he would be back once the parts were in.  They called several weeks later to tell me the parts wouldn't be in for 2-3 months.  My couches were not even acceptable to sit on at this point.  I asked customer service for another option, i.e., loaner couches, etc.  She said they were honoring the warranty and there was nothing else they could do.  I called the store where we had purchased them from and talked to the store manager (Mark) and he offered a credit for the couches (deducting 25% for wear/tear) so I immediately agreed.  We went in the next day and found two replacement couches.  Once we paid the difference, we were told one couch could be delivered the next day, but the other couch was about two weeks out.  We were also told since this was a "special deal" both of the defective couches had to be returned when the first couch was delivered, leaving me and my family of four with only one small couch.  We agreed, but weren't happy about.  The delivery man came out and we asked him to call customer service again, and this time they agree to let us hold onto the defective couch until the other one was delivered.  The other couch was promised to us before Easter, during the week of 4/13.  It did not arrive for delivery until the following week.  The night before, they called to confirm a delivery time.  We agreed to the time.  They showed up earlier without a phone call, we weren't here so they left.  I did receive a call from the corporate office later stating the delivery people missed us.  I pleaded with her to reschedule for the next day and that it was imperative that we get a call one hour before.  No phone call came.  But the couches were delivered.  The original red leather reclining couches were expensive, but we loved the color.  I don't think that the Room Store is selling quality items.  If they did, both couches would not have fell apart to the point of not being able to operate them after only one short year.  I took the replacement couches because it was less expensive than buying two brand new couches.  However, when it's time to replace them, which I'm sure will be soon, I will not be returning to the Room Store ever again for my furniture needs.
1	I went in here with my family to purchase a large amount of furniture since we just moved.  I was greeted right away and at first felt comfortable with the salesperson.  He did keep trying to sell me more then what I wanted, and as the day went on I did become overwhelmed which was definately my fault.  I kept telling the sales guy that we wanted the 2 year promotion and didn't care about the sale for the 12month promotion.  I STRESSED this MANY times!!!  Fast forward - the items I have bought including the Broyhill set had to be replaced because it broke in 2 weeks, and a leather recliner was delivered not working.  Later as I went through the first bill - I saw that the promotion was the 12 month one and not the 24 month.  And with $10,000 worth of merchandise that is a HUGE deal.  So I called the store and they said - in fact that it was the 12 month deal.  There is so much "dancing" and paperwork and then waiting to finally purchase.  Sure - I should have stopped and really read the fine print but stupid me trusted the manager that came over and said it was the 24 month deal.  Silly me.  To top it off - they won't change it back - and the "solid" wood dining room set has broken already.  STAY AWAY!!!!  Go into Phoenix and go to Living Spaces where they do NOT work on commission.  Lesson learned.  But I will NOT BE BACK!!!  EVER.
