4	Yes, writing a review for Chick-Fil-A.  I have to.  It's an institution.  Not this one, maybe.  But the restaurant in general.  I can't describe it.  Sure, the McChicken sandwich is good (especially for a buck), and the Southern Chicken - or whatever they are calling it - is decent, but it's half the size at a dollar more.  Nothing can touch the classic Chick-Fil-A sandwich.  Nothing, I tell you.As to this location, there isn't much special about it, it's a typical locale, with a playset and a decent amount of seating.  The staff is extra-nice, and it's the closest to our house.  They even give samples of chicken salad if you haven't tried it (or they did to us - maybe it was just a slow night).One thing: That classic taste doesn't come cheap on the fat-o-meter.  It really can add up, but that's part of the appeal, right?  If you want to take it easy, try one of the grilled options.  My favorite is probably the Southwestern Salad.  Stay clear of the dressings and such too.  But they are so good.  And avoid dessert (especially the brownies) like the plague.  I don't really like them personally, but they are packed with the calories and fat grams.
3	Already reviewed CFA.  This is about the long-awaited spicy chicken.  In a phrase, don't bother.  Listen, I love Chick-Fil-A (as if that isn't obvious by my svelte appearance).  And I even love having an extra bite to the classic sandwich.  But this one's a dud.I have been a fan of the classic Chick-Fil-A for years.  Decades even.  I can hang with the chicken nuggets.  Or strips.  I can even eat a waffle fry or two.  Throw some salad under it and it'll work.  In a pinch I might even try a grilled version.  But this one?  Blech.Look, I like spicy food.  Not knock-you-out-spicy, because I'm too old for that.  But a few drops of Texas Pete on top of the classic chicken?  Heck yeah.  That's a treat.  This monstrosity?  No way.  Why four stars?  Because the service is still great, and the original sandwich is well worth it, so I don't want to knock them for trying.But take a look at the pictures - while there are bound to be variances, with regularity, the spicy sandwiches were thin, crusty versions of their thick juicy counterparts.Even the buns were different.  Where the classic sandwich gave you a nice steamed bun that is just right, the spicy one just didn't.  It's like the outer shell of the sandwich dried out everything, and just took away all that is good and holy, which is a shame.You want spicy chicken, go to Bojangles (or look for the hot sauce on the condiment bar).  This sandwich isn't worth the extra charge.  Stick with the original and you'll be good to go.Sweet Tea Report:  Chick-Fil-A has one of the best-known sweet teas at a fast-food restaurant.  They even sell it by the gallon.  They may have been the first place to sell sweet tea by the gallon (to go, presumably, since you can get refills if you eat in).  I find their tea to generally be quite good, but it generally needs just a bit more sweet.  If it would make it over that hump it would be awesome.  Still, it will typically do in a pinch!
5	Yes! Such a great Chick-Fil-A.  For some reason my wife and I started a list of the 5 best places in Charlotte for customer service and this Chick-fil-A in particular is probably #1 on our kind of cheesy but totally cool list.  Whether I go through the drive-thru or into the restaurant, I am always greeted with a smile and by a friendly face.  I look forward to eating here not only for the fresh and delicious food but for the helpful and happy atmosphere.  And while I may not agree with some of Chick-fil-a's policies (you know what I'm talking about), how can I expect people to respect my opinions if I don't respect theirs?  So let's focus on the great food and service and the things we have in common instead of those we do not!  Do yourself a favor and eat here!
4	I used to go by Chick-Fil-A every morning when I was in high school for a chicken biscuit, but I'm older and not as active and that would be crazy...delishious as hell but not smart and expensive.  So I keep it simple.  Like any other hard working American and I don't feel like cooking I look for faster choices.  Usually I order the plain combo and top it off with some BBQ Chick-Fil-A sauce, the Chicken Salad Sandwich (it's pretty good), or my favoirte the Chicken Strip Salad.  Anywone who has been with me when I have ordered this salad knows it takes me about 10 minutes to prepare the salad by evenly distributing the carrots, cheese, and broccoli around the salad.  Then I have to cut up the chicken strips put the sunflower seeds all over (not too many in one place) and lastly the croutons.  I use two different types of dressing.  Either a Honey Mustard or Ranch with Spicey. I put half of each packet on and then dive in (this way once I eat the first top layer I still have enough for the second).  I know this is a little OCD but it truly does make the salad simply delish!  If you read this then try it and tell me thank you for helping you discover how to make a good salad...perfect :)
5	Hello friends,I love this location. During the week they may have ol timers bingo night. They seem to be involved in the community. Always a young smiling face ready to take your order it give a refill. I didn't catch the manager on duty name,but he was very inviting. Sparked a quick conversation about the rain (all while doing sweeping & wiping down tables). I always go on the inside unless I'm in a super hurry.TTFN
5	One of my favorite chick-fil-a's. You would expect to find this quality in South Park but no, it's on albemarle! Service is extremely friendly and usually fast considering how much business they have. The chicken is always really hot, the fries could be a little hotter. Breakfast here is good except there is no breakfast platter options as far as I can tell.
