1	After booking a tour for the Lochs and Glens for two people, we saw nothing with this company. While it's not entirely their fault, I still would never use this company again, and I would deter everyone I knew from doing business with them. Let me explain. We missed our Saturday tour due to an awful hotel with no phone, no wake up call, and no functioning cell phone to set an alarm. Our American phones don't work in Europe. Our scheduled time to meet was at 8 am. When I woke up at 7:50 am I panicked, and called the number provided. I was assured that we would just be able to switch on to Sundays tour instead, and I was very satisfied. They simply told me to call back at 8 pm to verify they had enough people. Of course I asked, and 6 is the amount of people they need to have a tour. I call at 8 pm, and the tour is canceled. Apparently, they only had 4 people (besides my two) who had booked the tour. So instead of counting us as the extra two, they canceled the tour. Completely leaving 6 people who wanted a tour of the Lochs high and dry. Which means stranded, I'm not sure that phrase crossed the pond. To add insult to injury, they refuse to refund our money. Even though they had the necessary 6 people they needed. So, Timberbush kept our 140 sterling pounds, and did not show us anything. And left 4 other people to find another tour at the last minute. Miraculously, we find another tour through our awful hotel and set off to see the Lochs and Glens Sunday morning, just like Timberbush had promised, but through the eyes of another  tour group, which turned out to be fantastic.
3	I have used this tour company twice once for myself and some friends and once for a visiting friends. On both occasions I booked the Loch Ness tour from a tourist shop just off Hunter's Square. Despite the early start in the morning, this 12 hour tour I found quite satisfying. Yes it is very tourist- orientated (they even take you to a penned up highland cow as well as a number of touristy gift shops along the way), but it was great fun, our guide was great and there were plenty of stops for a breather and toilet. If you are going to do this particular tour I would strongly suggest that you pack your own lunch instead of eating at the overpriced(and not very good) diner they take you and once you do get to Loch Ness, not to pay to go in to the ruins of the castle but to go straight on to the boat tour(you can see most of the castle from there anyway). As for the price, I thought it was very expensive despite the 2pounds off we got as students. The price does not include the boat tour of Loch Ness which is a bit annoying. However, as I mentioned earlier our guide was great and definitely gave us the most we could get from a tour such as this. Just make sure you set your alarm in the morning. The tour size is small(about 25 people bus) which is nice as well.
3	I took the Loch Lomond, Loch Katrine and Stirling Castle tour.  I typically hate guided tours but thought my tour guide (Peter) made this one better than most. He was really knowledgable about Scotland history and made things interesting.  Thanks for all the info on Mary Queen of Scots.
5	We took the St. Andrews & The Fishing Villages of Fife tour with another couple.  A great trip.  Our tour guide "Billy" (William) was great.  Great stories and proud of his heritage.  After stopping at the Forth Bridges for some great pictures we were on our way to the fishing village of Anstruther for a much need cup of coffee.  Then off to the highlight of the trip St. Andrews.  The home of Golf was amazing and the town was great.  Great little shops and some excellent fish and chips.  Would recommend this trip as great start of a vacation.  Get Billy as your guide and you won't be disappointed.
4	I had no problem booking the  Loch Ness, Glencoe & The Highlands Tour a day before the trip. It was for a Saturday in the month of April. Our driver/tour guide was great and very knowledgeable. The bus was spacious and clean. We stopped enough times for quick photos, lunch, bathroom breaks, and snacks. Overall, I had a very pleasant experience, and I would highly recommend Timberbush Tours. If you are doing this specific tour, I highly recommend you pick the 30 min cruise+Urquhuart Castle instead of the 1 hour cruise. Even though it's a ruined castle, it's definitely a site worth seeing!
