5	Left on a car trip to northern Arizona in May, and just as we were making our way out of Phoenix, an indicator light came on in the car.  Since we weren't sure where we would be able to stop en route, we turned around, went back one exit, and stopped at this Econo Lube.  They checked the indicator light, turned it off, and explained what may have caused it to go off in the first place.  They wouldn't even accept any money for helping us out, which I offered.  Indicator light never turned back on and we had a great trip. Very professional and helpful staff, and made us believe again that there are some mechanics you can trust. I give them my highest recommendation for service.
5	This is my shop for routine service for my truck. I always get the feeling they are being up front and honest, and they have never tried to push unnecessary service on me. Prices are fair for an independent shop.They do have a waiting area, but you may need to wait to have service done if they have other cars ahead of you. I live close enough that I can just walk home, but they do offer a shuttle if you need it. If you're in a hurry (say need the oil changed, but only have 30 minutes to get it done), best call ahead.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for Econo Lube for awhile now. This is the place we go to service both our cars and we wouldn't go anywhere else. These are the type of mechanics that you want. They are always honest, helpful and friendly. They have a bunch of thank you notes up in their waiting room and I believe every single one of them! We have been very lucky to find this place.
5	Brought my car here b/c of the reviews I read on yelp. My fan was running excessively. The mechanic came and looked at my car. The coolant was low. He grabbed a can and filled it up. No charge. I then told him I needed new struts. He quoted me a price that was cheaper than the one quoted to me in CO a few months ago. I honestly didn't shop around for a cheaper price here in Phoenix, which is unlike me. The reviews here, and fixing my fan problem at no charge had me sold. It seems so rare to find an honest mechanic now-a-days, especially in this economy.  Made an appt. Car was finished super quick, in the time frame that was promised. The mechanic went out of his way to show me the damage struts he replaced, then told me my new struts came with a lifetime warranty. Dang, did I time warp back into the 50s?  Hopefully I won't have a need to go back, but if I do, I'd gladly drive out of my way one hour round trip for their honesty again.
5	Dave and his crew do a great job at an honest price.  I recommend him to everyone
5	Anthem Econo lube is actually a Meineke car care center now. Since Steve has become the owner there I've taken my truck to them twice. They are so nice and courteous and professional. Good job guys. FIVE STARS!
