1	Awesome little neighborhood bar ... live entertainment nightly ... (I'd bet most would love this cozy little place) ... "nice" jazz and "nice" (Euro) food... but I've had the absolute WORST service and consistently!!! ... :(
3	I liked the feeling of the place.  I liked the vibe I got from the servers.  But I would have liked to see them a bit more.  I liked my sandwich and the orzo salad was interesting.  The hummus wasn't anything more than "fine", though the pita pieces were so good I could have just eaten those as they had more overall flavor than the hummus.The Lemonade almost made up for everything.  It was SO good!  But our glasses, and the glasses of most folks around us were empty almost more than they were full.  In the end, it's good.  It's an amazing neighborhood spot in a place with fairly limited options.  I love that they can make just about anything vegan without tons of special ordering involved.  I may go again, sometime when I'm not as hungry and definitely not so thirsty.
5	They had me at Jazz flute. The whole newer, nicer waitress doesn't hurt either.
2	see the waitress?  see her ignore you?  see a bartender ?  good luck if you can find one...maybe they are hiding somewhere?  big points on the art and decor, the music is usually stellar, but the service is really lacking.  there is a really good selection of beer, somewhat pricey.  the hummus is really good.  oh but why is the Indian serving the naked goddess on the painting above the bar?  that will have you stumped for hours!
5	Great atmosphere. Fantastic food! I recommend  the spinach salad with gorgonzola and cranberries.Their food and drinks are fairly priced. It's a great place to go and enjoy a nice lambic with friends.
2	I would love to give a sterling 5-star review for Carly's - I love the atmosphere, the dcor (hand-drawn cartoons on the tables were awesome), the artsy vibe and the location - but I just can't. The first time I came, it was off an extended happy hour at the Roosevelt - which is conveniently within walking distance. A friend ordered the hummus and flatbread, which to my starved being were the most delicious I had ever tasted. I also drunkenly ordered an organic-vodka martini - the last thing I needed was a martini! - that tasted, as I recall, OK. it was after another happy hour visit to the Roosevelt that I returned to Carly's with visions of that luscious hummus and Plaid-like vibe dancing in my head, and making my mouth drool. Of a much more sober disposition, I actually studied the menu and was severely shocked. First, the prices. $7+ for a Stella? What the hell? And that dubious organic martini - it wasn't on the menu...did I imagine that? - Well, any martini was $10-12 ?! Is this Durant's? It definitely wasn't THAT good of a martini. I quickly found my hummus/pita app. and ordered a large portion, growing decidedly more disappointed/heartbroken with the entre options. Nothing, and I mean nothing, sounded even remotely appetizing. It was all very rich yet bland-sounding. Does that make sense? Like brie and turkey on Panini bread... Eh, ok. I was hoping it would be like Roosevelt, where you order the grilled cheese and tomato soup with reservation, and then are blown away. Sad to report - not so.However, I was a huge fan of the veggie chips that came with our hummus and flatbread (which, thank god, was as delicious as I kind-of-remembered). No problems with the service, but from the rest of the reviews, it sounds EXACTLY like Plaid, except downtown...and with a way less-tasty menu.So, $50 later, we'd had a mediocre couple of entrees, an appetizer, no buzz and some leftovers that are still sitting in my fridge a week later. Do'h! that really sucks, because I think they have the foundation for a restaurant I would adore and go out of my way to go to and want to support - extensive beer selection, great ambiance, perfect location, local ownership - Please Carly's, can I petition for some better quality/more adventurous food options? I'll even then pay for the overpriced beer without complaint.*Editor's Note : Seriously, does anyone else think the beer purchased at Tops is always about 7 degrees too warm? It's cool enough to drink, but warm enough to not be refreshing, and it drives me crazy. And, hang on, I'm not done: What the hell makes a martini organic anyway? Non-pesticide-infused, no-hormones-added-potatoes for the vodka?   ...Highly dubious, indeed.
3	I agree with generally everyone:Hummus, good.Drink prices and ingredients, confusing.Waitresses, awful.Potential, there.Music, awesome.
4	3.5 starsHad a romantic night out and ended up here when we mistook going down 3rd Ave instead of 3rd street or vice versa! We were pleasantly surprised at such a boho little joint in Phoenix from the cartoons on the tables to the art on the walls and the music being sung, it was a rather nice experience. The service was also good. Our waitress was courteous and efficient although we were never asked for refills on our waters.I had the 4 dollar mojito, which...umm tasted strong, and shouldn't have tasted such. Mojitos shouldn't wreak of alcohol (even if it's fully, rumtastically loaded) so I'll attribute the flavor to the use of a fairly inordinate amount of cheap liquor and perhaps a smidge of lazy mixing, but hell it's 4 dollars....i guess you get what you pay for.The food was ok. I had the smoked salmon panini which was praised by the waitress and I rather enjoyed it despite my horrendously picky attitude over sandwhich ingredients. Nothing too fancy here, but the atmosphere makes up for it.The bistro is within easy walking distance of fate and a couple of other bars/galleries.
4	good things first:Fresh baked bread from Capistrano's bakery is fluffy and delicious.Lux coffee means local support and a good taste (barista style coffee)Organic ingredients (as far as i know) for most of their produceOriginal recipes for dressings and such. (soo good) Live Music varies from jazz to rockBeer on tap cold and frothyArt rotates every month with first Fridaybad things:the food is a little priceythe beer is expensiveother than that good atmosphere and great art!
3	So I just found this place and I liked it. I had the ham, salami and mozzarella panini with the kettle chips. There menu consist of many panini's and salads. The Australian waitress was very nice and helpful. The wait time is pretty much non-existence because there were only two other people eating when we got there around noon. If you want something quick and kind of healthy this should be a good choice and the prices were very reasonable.
4	I don't have any beef with Carly's like most downtown do, but if you don't get to this place on the right night -- that is not too crowded on FF or not too sparse on most other nights -- than you certainly WILL have some.Sure, the service is spotty, but i think it comes off as amiable rather than hoity.  Its staff, mostly herbal-crunchy women likely daydreaming about vegetables, is sweet and in their defense, are pretty hamstrung by their duties of preparing the food, attending to the tables, AND bartending.  My only qualm with Carly's is the fact that they often run out of my favorite things like the Organic Sammy Smith, which they NEVER seem to have anymore, but here's BIG LOVE to the fact that they now serve Austin's own Tito's Handmade Vodka.  Do yourself a favor and try this out if you are a vodka fan -- its made of yellow corn and is distilled six times ... it also won the double gold medal at the World's Spirits Competition beating out over 70 other high-end vodkas and won the only four-star ranking that year.
4	I like Carly's.  As mentioned, service is pretty lacking, but more in a, "hey, man, what's the rush" way, as opposed to a "eff you, you'll get your food when you get it" way.  So if you're with good company, and happy to lounge around and chat over drinks, and not too starving, Carly's is great.  I've had one delicious salad, and one super yummy caprese sandwich (a personal favorite of mine anywhere I can get it).  I wish they had more desserts, although I can't really complain about nutella in a croissant.  Wines have been hit or miss for me, but there's a few good beers and plenty of girly drinks at pretty standard prices.  They don't have a pot of coffee, but they will make you an americano.  A very very good americano.I think Carly's is great for a casual meal, maybe eating and drinking with a couple buddies.  Not really a place to dress up for, but a comfortable place, for sure.
2	Points for being independent and struggling to fight the nasty chains that plague our city. But c'mon. The food really is pretty ordinary. I challenge anyone to say it's unique or tasty. And more importantly, service is *always* important. It's NOT cool to be that laid back. Maybe on a beach in Thailand but not when trying to run an eatery in Central Phoenix. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day.
3	pure speculation:i imagine a terrifying scene of well off , yet earthy crunchy  people.a self congratulatory crowd who came downtown in their prius, while listening to the shins (who they discovered via npr) wearing expensive approximations of hippie peasant wear and handmade, spunky  jewelry.they listen to acoustic singer-songriters with something to say, and are intrigued by the local poets scribbling away at the bar, sipping at their organic ale, secretly glad to be noticed as an artist by others--wm tI'm going to have to say my thoughts exactly. I've been to Carly's twice. Once on a weeknight and once on a weekend night. The food is not great or even good really. The first time our server more or less ignored us. The second time our server was attentive but not engaging in any way (maybe I'm asking too much for desiring a server who tries to talk to their customers). And ya, the crowd...well that's why I copy and pasted wm t's comments. I felt that they were spot on. It's hard because I want to like Carly's. I know it's heart is the right place. And I'm guessing that Carly is a really rad chick. But...It's one of those neighborhood bar/cafes that is trying way! too hard to be a kitschy neighborhood cafe. Let it flow. Pay attention to your customers. Improve your menu. Stock your bar. And embrace who you actually are rather than who you'd like to be.
3	The food is good, not  great. I go for the nice beer selection and the live music, plus they serve food late. I really like the atmosphere, and after being to Carly's a couple times, I have a pretty good impression of it. I haven't had the service problems it seems a lot have, so for that, and the delicious raspberry beer, 3 stars.
5	Carly's, you are my new favorite place in Central Phoenix. Even after reading the less-than-stellar reviews, I decided to take my brother here before touring the surrounding blocks, stopping at The Lost Leaf and nextDOOR. Good idea, cuz I was hungry! The inside is very cool. I love the bar area, the comfortable feel, the hand-drawn art on some of the tables. Even better, the service was top-notch. Not only did we get one person to wait on us, but we got two! My water never went dry. After perusing the variety of beers, I decided to save myself for, let's face it, my favorite art bar, The Lost Leaf. Yet, I was DEFINITELY tempted to try something new, like the Red Chimay or what was referred to as "the Czech Bud Light." Everyone loves a lager, right? Well, that description turned me off. But, fret not, they do have Stella on tap for $3 (for 12 oz). I definitely want to come here during happy hour - 5 to 7 p.m. Oh, as for the food, DELICIOUS! Our friendly Aussie waiter wasn't shy when I asked him what his favorites were. Turns out, we decided to order his two faves, the Prosciutto and Cuban sandwiches. With the chips, please. We didn't wait long for our food. I was delighted to see how colorful the chips were - one even looking like a dried rose petal. My brother and I both agreed: these chips were damn fine! So was our sandwiches. My Prosciutto sandwich came with a fig paste spread on Napolitano bread. Then there was the tasty meat and cheese (Gorgonzola). I SAVORED.EVERY.SINGLE.BITE. I even saved one of the chips for last, since they were such a tasty find. I wanted to ask for me, yet I told myself not to be gluttonous. I really can't wait to go back. The Prosciutto sandwich was so divine, I'm not sure I can try anything else, although I really wish I could. The Caprese and Smoked Salmon sandwiches both sound incredible. Damn. I'm craving Carly's now. I'm so excited I found a place like Carly's that's just a short drive away! Gonna need to go soon! I recommend you go, too.
4	My wife is a vegetarian, and I am not. We can always agree on Carly's everything we have tried has been good. The service is always very nice, and they let us go at whatever speed we want, whether it is a quick lunch or a nice leisurely dinner.
4	Holy Panini! This place makes a good sandwich! This dimly lit restaurant and bar has cool tables with drawings beneath resin, and cool art on the walls (currently various animals and such in a somewhat pixelated style). It's a cool comfortable environment that we like a lot. The food was great. I got a Cuban panini with the orzo salad. It was great. It was also too large to eat in one sitting. I had to take half of it back to our hotel to finish it the next day. Her sandwich was really good too. It was also too big for her, and we had to bring it back to the hotel to happily devour the next day. Damn you Carly's for stopping us from checking out one of the other great little restaurants in Phoenix for lunch the next day due to your very good too-large-for-one sandwiches.The service was slightly lacking. This was due to the fact that our cool Aussie server was, we think, the only one working that night. I can't fault him on the slower than hoped for service due to that fact, but it would have been great if they had another person on staff to help alleviate that problem.Our only real complaint was the music that was being performed. We walked in happy and upbeat, but wanted to shoot ourselves in the face half way through our visit due to the sad and depressing music being performed. The lady singing had a great voice, and the guitar-playing man played his instrument well, but the music was really really really depressing. It was all of our family and friends had just died depressing. It was both of us had just lost our jobs and home depressing. It was really really really really depressing. Walking by other nights, we had noticed music that wasn't depressing at all being played by different performers though, so maybe we just hit the place on a bad night. Overall, it was cool decor, great food, decent service all things considered, and sad sad sad music on the night we were there. Check this place out.
4	this place is so great. I love the food!! The Europa is one of my fave sandwiches on the menu. They have a great selection of booze and their ice tea is good. I wish I lived closer to the area as I would ate here more often.Unfortunatley the service has always been fairly slow anytime I have been in here. Most time I visit my husband and I are one of the only customers in the place and it's as if we are invisible.
3	Carly's Bistro is the younger, hipper version of My Florist Cafe.  Carly's has a cool Roosevelt Row location and the decor is appropriately artsy and funky.  However, it could be so much better than it is if Carly would break down and hire a chef and move beyond the current limited menu.The decor is perfect for the neighborhood as it has that struggling artist aesthetic to it.  Check out the painting behind the bar as it is purported to feature the likeness of Carly herself.  As others have noted, Carly is a rad gal.  The art rotates monthly and this is a major gathering spot for First Friday.  In fact, this place is such a mad house that I make a point to avoid it on the first Friday of every month.  This is also a restaurant where the diners are part of the show.  When it's busy, Carly's offers some excellent people watching and proves the point that there is a bohemian/beatnik vibe in Phoenix.  As ASU grows its downtown enrollment, I expect that Carly's will become more and more a college kids' hangout.For what it is, the food is fine.  This is a place where you go when you aren't really hungry because all they offer is sandwiches, salads and soups.  It's like a funky Panera Bread Co. with casual table service and a liquor license.  The food is okay, but that's to be expected given the pedestrian menu.  Nothing is bad, but this isn't like Pane Bianco where a sandwich becomes a handcrafted work of art.  Then again, Chris Bianco is responsible for the delights at Pane Bianco and he is a James Beard Award wining chef.  Carly needs to elevate the level of her food.  She has sustained herself in a challenging location given that the mob on First Friday is a once-a-month exception.  I believe her business would increase if she would offer something more to her diners, especially at dinner.  She could start out with a simplified bistro menu and build from there.Carly's offers a full bar and some unusual libations such as various small-production organic vodkas.  I don't care for beer, but the Belgian ales are interesting and she offers a wide selection of beers.The price point at Carly's is reasonable with most items hovering around $8.  That's a bit more than what you would pay for a sandwich at Panera, but here you do get table service.Carly's Bistro has played an important role in the redevelopment of downtown Phoenix because she took the significant risk to bring an eatery to a neighborhood that was in desperate need of one.  As downtown continues its renaissance, Carly needs to evolve her restaurant as well in order to keep up with the times.
4	This is a cute little place with great orange mojitos. It's nearby my work, offers happy hour drink specials (orange mojito the day I went) and appear to have a great light menu of apps, sandwiches, salads.  I met a friend here based on Yelp searching. We tried the hummus duo - hummus with an olive tapenade. The best part is you're served PLENTY of pita so you aren't continually asking for more which is a pet peeve of mine that so many restaurants make you do. We also got the anti-pasta plate which was pretty tasty.The 2 apps was enough to fill both of us.  I only had 1 drink :( - i was being responsible - so we got out of there at $15/ person which i think is a steal to be full and satisfied with a delicious orange mojito - which appeared to be made with lotsa love.Atmosphere - fun, enjoyable, friendly, light, like the colors, art. We got there about 4:30 and hardly anybody there. When we left at 6 more tables were filled and would expect it to continue through the evening. Music was good and not too loud which is another pet peeve.Would definitely go back again. (enjoyable people, atmosphere and food and easy to have a conversation with company)  the orange mojito was YUMMY if i forgot to mention anything about it :)
3	3.5 starsI've been here on two occasions.The first was to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It was a good time with a variety of drinks flowing and local musician's playing.  It was a great evening except for when one of the muscians started playing Caribou by the Pixies and then stopped in the middle of it.  It was a private joke, but such a tease. The second was for martinis and lunch before Sex and the City.  I was far less impressed with this outing.  My prickly pear margarita tasted like simple syrup and margarita mix.  The sandwich I ordered took forever to get to the table, which I didn't mind because it was a leisurely lunch, but what if it wasn't.  And it was a super thin panini sandwich completely barren of ingredients in some parts.  It was okay tasting, but nothing I would run back for.The bartender/waitress was very nice about refilling our ice water which was awesome because I was very thirsty.I will try it again, but my second experience wasn't all that great so I won't be in a huge rush.
4	I'm lovin' this place.It's a new hot spot for Alicia B and I had been wanting to give it a go, so we met there for happy hour.  During happy hour, they have quite a few drink specials, but not much in the way of food discounts.  I had a Chimay and the soup/sandwich combo with tomato basil soup and a pear panino.  The soup was a little chunky and had a refreshing, homemade taste to it - no Campbell's here!  The panino was very good.  I wish there was a little bit more pear in it - meaning more than one little slice, but the flavors were still really great together.  She had a Dogfish IPA (I think!) and a prosciutto panino that she had been craving.They have a very extensive menu featuring panini, lavosh wraps, soups, salads, and a selection of apps.  It has a very artsy-cafe type feel to me which is very comfortable and laid back.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and beverage menus so ask them for advice if you're having trouble deciding!  We were never rushed or hurried out and were encouraged to stay as long as we'd like.  The happy hour specials are on wine, draft beer, and $2 Stellas.  The $2 Stellas are offered all day all summer long (so they say), so if you want some cheap drinks and good panini, head over to Carly's who won't disappoint.  I'll definitely be back for sure.
5	I love this place.  Great spot for some basic food, yummy drinks.  Service isn't always super fast but it's not a place for fast.  Great spot to go with a friend and chill during the week.  I highly recommends the hummus and fig salad.
3	Carly's is a pretty hip spot. The walls are adorned with cool local art and they are usually playing good music inside. I've been there on several occasions and the food never disappoints. Their paninis are awesome, the prosciutto and the cuban are my favorites, they're served with chips and crisp pickles. If they have tomato soup on the menu, order it, seriously some of the best I have had (and it's vegan). Don't go there to hungry though, the paninis are a bit pricey and I'm almost always still hungry after eating there... Bonuses**Tito's Vodka, this stuff is so good it should be illegal.Sangria - Awesome and not too sweet.
4	Great place for a lunch, or as I recently found out...live music on Friday nights to forget about the week that just passed.
1	never in my life have i been so happy to dine and dash before. i won't give a time it happened, nor will i ever return, so i honestly don't fear retribution.but after waiting 30 minutes between drinks, and then never saw the waitress again i was so fed up with this place i just walked the fuck out. if they don't care enough about the customers to at least make their rounds every 5-10 minutes to see if we are happy. then they certainly don't care about my money. which by the way i would have been happy to give them. the drinks were good. but i was sober before the next one arrived. unless they are freezing the ice cubes to order, there is no reason for a delay. I'm not going to cause a fuss and complain to the manager. I'm sure the wait on a manager would have been just as bad as the service. so kick rocks. I'm out.from my experience, i really don't think this establishment deserves more then 1 star. i would give 0 if it was possible.
4	I went on a date with my wife to this place.  I ordered the Greek Salad because secretly, I'm a woman.  My wife ordered the 'Ex Patriot' sandwich.  I ate my salad fast because it was pretty good.  Not the BEST Greek salad (Euro Cafe has the best) but it was really good and the olives didn't have pits!!! Thank God!  I ate a quarter of my wife's sandwich so I could form an opinion, and I must say. I had Entree envy. You know what I'm talking about.  The sandwich was a basic turkey and tomato on a pressed baguette style bread, but they put Brei cheese into it.  It was so awesome! The cheese made it creamy like a group of cirrus clouds on a breezy spring day. The tomatoes added a touch of acidity which danced on my tongue playfully and mingled with the smokiness of the turkey.:Note:This place is just down the road from Tammy Coe Cakes (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tammie-coe-cakes-and-mj-bread-phoenix#hrid:vuPAQHr46NU7Ut9uK2liuA/query:tammy) so we stopped there and split a 'Betters'Not a bad afternoon...
3	Carly's get's 4 for beer, 3 for food.. I loved the beer selection, it was great, Chimay on tap, very nice, Dogfish head, Raisin D'etre (last one) yum!  The atmosphere was pleasant, I wished it could have been a bit darker, but overall the service is good and prompt.  With live music, some beer and friends, how can you go wrong right?Well, I had a Italian style panini, and I hate to say it was mediocre at best.  I've heard some of their other sandwiches are much better, but I didn't try anything else, so I can only judge this poor little sandwich.I'd say come here for the drinks, and if you get the munchies, they have many options in sandwich form, but I'd imagine it's a bit hit or miss on the food.  It couldn't hurt to eat prior and just save room for beer!
3	I was hesitant to hit up Carly's for dinner last night because of the mixed reviews that were written previously, but we were in a time crunch and wanted to grab a quick bite before heading over to the Phoenix Neutrino Project.  I was with my BF; we were downtown and it looked like it wasn't too crowded, so we parked and went inside.This place has character!  It reminded us a bit of the original Pita Jungle in Tempe... artwork on the walls and a hipster crowd.  Lots of healthy options on the menu and a nice selection of beer as well.  We both ordered the vegetarian wrap sandwich.  It comes with your choice of orzo or chips.  I read 'Terra Chips' somewhere on the menu, and since I love Terra Chips, I went with the chips.  Jared went with the orzo salad.  Our service was quick and attentive, and we both enjoyed our sandwiches... not quite as good as Pita Jungle, but pretty good.  I was disappointed that the 'chips' my sandwich came with were just plain potato chips, not Terra Chips.  Jared seemed to enjoy his orzo salad.We were in and out in less than an hour, and we were satisfied with our light dinner.  I would go back to Carly's but I'd like to explore some of the other downtown local bars and restaurants before I do so.
3	The Great: Incredible pear prosciutto panini, so f'n awesome.   I wish they would make one as large as a sleeping bag, then I would crawl inside and eat my way out.The Funny: 1) The sandwich came with a side of orzo salad, maybe 2 tablespoons in total, weak.  2) I swear that they sliced one pickle into 40-50 slivers. My pickle was not a spear but more like a the width of two pieces of paper.The Dumb:The waitress was nice enough but she only had maybe 1 or 2 tables at the max and she still forgot about us.  I hate flagging the staff down to get the check.
2	Maybe I just don't visit Carly's at the right time, or maybe it's because I haven't been able to drink alcohol for the last 7 months, but I just can't bring myself to like this place.Both times I've been here the service is mediocre (sloooow) and the food is overpriced and lacking in flavor. The atmosphere is cool. Not the most comfortable, but I can see how meeting up with some friends and having some drinks can be a good time. I'm a little bummed, as I really wanted to like Carly's, but I just don't think I can.
4	Can't believe I haven't reviewed Carly's yet - it's sooooo good. It's sandwiches, soups and salads mostly, but don't let that fool you into this is just a lunch spot - it's good for lunch, sure, but the local art, dim lighting and live music (some Fridays, most Saturday and Sunday nights) make this a cool place to grab dinner as well.The grilled panini's are absolutely delicious - my favorites - both of which are vegetarian - are the Europa (roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, spinach & smoked mozzarella) and the Tuscan (sundried tomato, roasted red pepper, spinach, provolone & pesto). There's also a majorly delicious salmon one I tried for the first time just the other night, but it was so good I don't remember what else was on it, all I remember was what I was thinking at the time, which was OMG this is a good F'in salmon sandwich. Also - not my thing, but vegan bread is available for all sandwiches.I must admit that the service wasn't exactly top notch on my most recent visit, but I've been here before - many times - and that's very unusual for them.
4	=Legitimate, Grown-Up Reasons That Carly's Bistro Deserves My 4 Star Rating=1. Their pita bread is the best I've ever tasted. Yes. Better than Pita Jungle, Pita Pit, and any frozen pita you could get at Wal-Mart. And it's served hot and fresh even at 12:30 AM. 2. The Greek salad I ordered had just the right amount of feta and dressing spread evenly about the greens and tomatoes, and the bruschetta that came with it was, albeit a little too chewy for my budding toothache, still delicious and still worth asking if I could have another.3. The staff was incredibly knowledgeable about the liquor they served. At the bartender's suggestion, we ordered a bottle of this Japanese wine. While we took turns sipping it and trying desperately to like it, we learned the history of this obscure wine and it's importance to Carly's. It tasted like crap but I felt cultured in purchasing it, and ultimately that's what I want from every bottle of wine I try.4. The wait staff was very attentive to us, and while the food took a while to put together, our server still kept coming by our table while we waited to see if we wanted anything in the meantime. This may be because we were the only people in the whole restaurant. Though I thought I saw a guy or two at the bar. Whatever.=The Bullshit, Trivial Reasons I'm Giving Them Four Stars=1. Even though I pitched in for the bottle of wine and got myself a beer, they didn't ask for ID. This may have been because they trusted I was over 21 or just didn't care, but any place that doesn't ask me for my ID while I'm in transition (as I said to the museum employee who gave me a look about my ID, "I'm working on it") immediately goes in my "favorite places book.2. They stock more than two kinds of lambics! *Dance.* I ordered a peche and one of my friends the framboise. The waiter brought them out with special Lindeman's glassware. The waiter even poured my glass for me. I felt like such a lady. I love  gender roles. They're so retro.3. The jazz flutist/saxophonist/keyboardist reminded me of my brief experimental phase as a jazz guitarist. It didn't work out. My very existence is dissonant enough. I wonder if, after I master (or mistress?) my upright if I could perform here, playing improvisational jams to bombed hipsters just trying to get their hummus on at 1 in the morning.4. After I ordered my salad, the server came back a few minutes later to make sure that my seemingly odd request to hold the olive was heard correctly. And it was. While others may find that bothersome, I find it pleasant, because it shows attention to customer satisfaction and it plays to my irrational hatred of black olives.5. By the grace of the cosmos, this place just happened to be a few blocks from where I, cold, tired, and buzzed, had a sudden craving for pita and lambic beer. That's right. I'm giving a place 4 stars just for existing. Bite me. But not on the neck. Only Misty S. gets to do that.
3	I have only gone to Carlys on my lunch break and it made me late returning to work. Regardless, I did enjoy my food and time spent there. The waitress seemed a little stressed out, but then again she did have about 10 tables to deal with all at once.
4	i've been to carly's twice now, once for drinks and once for late lunch.  i like it so far.  good service, tasty vegan wrap (standard fare in an omnivore establishment, not amazing, but certainly not disappointing), the space has style.  no vegan desserts though, which really bums me out.
5	I adore Carly's. I love that our favorite Aussie waiter remembers us when we come in. I love that we can walk there. I love that they have more than a few vegetarian options. I love that they have Terra chips. But I especially love that the menu has some innovation and creativity. Yay for not having to order a grilled cheese every time!  Yay for having a vegetarian soup! Yay for having great salads that aren't iceberg lettuce with some dressing slopped on top! Yay for having fantastic hummus and olive tapenade!  Yay for NOT having french fries!So, I say, Yay for Carly's. Keep it up.
2	So I went back to Carlys and ordered the Caprese sandwhich. I was expecting to get a panini filled with mozzarella, fresh basil, pesto, and tomatoes. What I got was bread with tons of melted mozzarella, half a slice of tomatoe split between 2 slices. There was a speck of basil to be found, and no pesto anywhere. I looked to make sure. It was good if you wanted a mozarella cheese sandwhich, but it would have been excellent if it had more than a sliver of a tomatoe, and perhaps a speck more of basil and maybe even some pesto that was advertised. Another reason that made this experiance kinda of blah  is I ordered the sandwhich to go, as I was on my lunch break, so I couldn't even have it corrected. Somewhat annoying ! Ohwell. Perhaps another day that I feel like having a grilled mozzarella cheese sandwhich I will go back.
3	Carly's Bistro. Simple, quiet place with decent bar offerings, sandwiches, salads and appetizers. They offer a limited, but nice array of imported beers. They serve most of their beers in brand specific glassware. Their sandwiches have a familiarity with a hint of creativity, I had the "Ex Patriot". Turkey, brie, tomato on Ciabatta. It was good, only had one slice of tomato on it however. The kitchen was a bit slow on service. It took 20 minutes to get the two sandwiches we ordered and it was a slow nightIt's nice spot to hang and sip on a beer. Hopefully the kitchen can speed up its production.
3	A-OK.I appreciate Carly's. I appreciate that it is about a second's walk away from my apartment and is almost always open. I really like the atmosphere, the patrons, and the workers. The food is pretty decent. I love the white pita pizza too much. The reason I am not here every night like some downtowners is because I can't afford it. The veggie options for sandwiches are alright but I could easily make them at home for a whole lot less that $9. The orzo salad on the side is just silly. I can't even get an app for less than $6, unless I want a plate of olives. The food is good quality, so I guess you get what you pay for.I can't really complain about the bar, except once a server recommended the worst drink that was some kind of tea-cocktail. Blech. Pomegranate martinis when I'm feeling rich are a good bet. Yep, slow is their style and that's another reason I don't go when I'm starving, hence my infrequent patronage. It's not perfect, but it's practically home.
4	I have a Carly's problem. I could easily eat there every day if I had the money. I order the Europa every single time. So freaking good. I appreciate a place that puts thought in to their vegetarian options. And any place that serves yummy food late at night. Everything is fresh and delicious! I enjoy the bar, but I feel like the martini's aren't quite what they used to be. If I'm going to spend $10 on a drink, it better make me warm and tingly. Service is slow. The kitchen is slow. Expect to wait, but expect the food to be worth the wait!
4	Ah, I remember having my first Stella here oh so long ago...I really enjoy Carly's atmosphere. Dark lighting, nice live music, and plenty of local art. The menu has a nice selection (mainly sammichs and paninis) and is vegetarian-friendly. I opted for the tuna melt, which was fantastic. I have had some problems with bar service and service in general(minus 1). Basically the waitress took our order and then dissappeared for long periods of time. This sucked very much when it came time to get the check.... Maybe I'm being too kind but other than that it's a stand up place and in my opinion, one of Phx's most overlooked spots.
4	I give in! I had the Europa. Washed it down with a $2.50 bottle of dogfish head pumpkin brew. All served to me by the cool Aussie guy even though it was five minutes to closing. So there.
4	I was in Phoenix for the weekend, and scoped out some Veg options on Yelp before I left. Carly's was one of the first to pop up.It's not strictly vegetarian, but they have a lot of veg options, and they put some thought into them.I was here at a strange time, and there were only a few other diners. Service was good and quick, and the food was delicious! I started with the hummus, which was some darn tasty hummus! I had a panini on delicious flatbread, so yummy.I like that there was a note on the menu that all their breads are vegan, a nice plus!Next time I'm in Phx, I'll be here again!
4	Carly's is a cute little restaurant with a fun atmosphere.  My friends and I started off with the Feta Rosa and it was a great start!  Amazingly delicious- I even added some to my sandwich because I couldn't get enough!  I had the pear sandwich with orzo salad as my side and loved every bite!  Yummy pear, pruschetto, and cheese perfection!Carly's is definitely worth checking out.  It has great food and a great atmosphere to boot!
3	I tried this place for lunch and the sandwiches are very good, but they do not give you alot of food. That gave me a good excuse to order another one. After eating two I was somewhat full and thought about eating a third but decided aginst it. I would go back again as they were both very good. Service was very good, the girl was very nice and kept my glass full of some delicious ice tea. (I don't drink in daylight hours)It is interesting how this part of town has changed. When I moved to Phoenix most people avoided this area like the plague, now it is full of art studios and nice places to hang out..
5	Carly's, I owe you an extra star.After talking smack about your not-quite-stiff-enough martinis, I went back and had the most marvelous, intoxicating martini of 2009. And then our wonderful server suggested a drink called a Death in the Afternoon. And...well...I'm sorry, Carly's, for my absinthe related behavior that followed. I hope we can still be friends, but if you don't want me anymore I would understand completely.
1	so slooooooooooooow.but i'll go back because it is a 3 minute walk away and they have a full bar.
3	Carly's is a cute, unpretentious little joint downtown with good food, a solid drink selection and live music on occasion.  Nothing fancy, but I've never felt overcharged or unsatisfied after a visit.  The staff is always super friendly.  Lighting ranges from modest in the dining area to "dim enough for drinkin'" by the bar.The sangria is tasty, and the wine selection is wide enough for your average chillout night.  The menu is healthy and diverse--various salads, creative sammiches, pita, hummus, feta, olives, and I seem to recall trying an appetizer or two at one point.A few times, the live music's been a bit too loud for the small space.  And I like live music, but only when it's good. :)  I've never seen it empty here, so if you're downtown and just want the feel of people around, this is probably about the best casual option, especially on a weeknight.
4	Carly's is a really great place to drink some yummy small brewery or Belgian beer and have a snack or a sandwich while listening to live music.The Fig Salad is my favorite thing on this menu, but the Cuban sandwich and other panini are all quite good. If you are accustomed to freshly roasted peppers on your sandwiches or roast your own at home often leave them off your sandwiches here. They get major points for delicious food with limited kitchen capabilities, for a really cool vibe, and for the best beer and drink list (that I know of) in all of Phoenix.
5	Goodness gracious alive; holy martinis, batman.  Awesome music, hip clientele, and friendly, warm employees.  Best bar I've seen in Phoenix.
5	Mmm dirty hipster bars.  Let me count the ways in which I love you.You are cheap (we had $2 Stellas)You are interesting (local art on the walls that I'm told changes regularly)You are full of pretension (people watching is always worth the price of admission)You are friendly (like minded souls can smell each other out)If you are in the Roosevelt district, I highly recommend stopping in for happy hour.  Its cheap and hipstery.  Both words have been used to describe me, so I am naturally predisposed to this place.
4	Not sure if Carly's has lowered their price or not but the food was very reasonable.  Sandwiches around 8 bucks and hummus and pita dip was 5.  Plus they have a 2 dollar beer special so cool!  I really like this place.  The server at our table was a little bit snobbish but other then that this is a great late night place to eat!   The food is a little bit trendy and posh but the prices not so much.   I don't  we went at 11pm on a Friday night and the food was served hot and fresh not like warm lamp fresh.  They give you way too much pita for your hummus but its so tasty you can eat it plain.  They warm it up which is a plus since a lot of places now a days think that cold stale pita is the way to go.  I had a pear sandwich grilled panini style which had Bree pear and prosciutto.  The Prosciutto was very thin just how it should be and Bree tasted very fresh.  I will be going back here for late night munching !One last note they also have live music on the weekends ! Great fun!
4	So I finally got to check out Carly's last night for a life coaching session and some dinner with the lovely Georgie S. The restaurant is small and has few large tables so if you are bringing a small nation you may need reservations. It is a quaint dining area with a small bar at the back. Parking is easy enough with its own lot behind the building. The food was good, wouldn't say great. We had the Mediterranean Bruschetta, which had sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. It was tasty. The bread has a nice crust, but was still soft. The roof of my mouth says thanks for that. I had the Ruben with a side of orzo salad. It was good as well, but could have used more pastrami. It was very thin and was not what I was expecting for the price. The orzo salad was also tiny. Maybe like an ice cream scoop size. Again, tasty, but left me wanting more. The beer prices are awesome though! They had Kronnenborg for $2 and Spaten lager for $4. This really seems to be the hook that gets you in. There was a delightful dessert that passed by the table. It was a Nutella Croissant. This would definitely be a nice little date place. I am sure it gets busy on Friday and Saturdays, especially 1st Fridays!
5	I love you Carly. Are you single? Anyways, enough with the creepiness but I really do love this place. After my first meal here which consisted of hummus, two dirty martinis and the Ex-Patriot Sandwich on a Saturday at 4, I blurted out, "Hmmm......I wonder if there is a way that I can move in here." Which was a problem for two reasons. 1) My best friend was in the middle of an emotional breakdown because of her boyfriend and she could tell that I was really not listening and 2) I was serious. I lived in New York for a while and sitting in Carly's on a Friday night, with the live music, all the scarves and the skyline almost made me feel like I was in Soho, and that made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I also love Carly's because they serve their beer in adorable glasses and give a full presentation when serving absinthe as well. And Chimay. They serve Chimay. I had never had it before but now, I love it!!! Thanks Carly!!! Also, Stella on draft?!?!?! MMMMMMMMM so refreshing. It's as thirst quenching as Gatorade. Aside from the alcohol, I order something different every time I eat and I have never been disappointed. Yay Carly's!!!
2	Ahh Carly's. What can I say about you that doesn't sound mean? Not much! I like that Carly's has cheap beer specials and sometimes feature live music. I don't like that Carly's is run by nonchalant hippies that aren't keen on giving good service and I have to question the hygiene of their dreadlocks...umm yes I know what CLEAN dreadlocks look like...those aren't it. The food...not impressed. I had the caprese panini and it was soggy inside. Not just a little damp; no no, I was scraping soggy dough out of the middle of the sandwich. I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food. I might go back for a drink.
3	It's more like a 3.5, but I digress. There's great things about Carly's: their hummus is smooth as a baby's ass and damn tasty. Their veggies are crunchy and fresh as can be. But it's kind of a dingy little place. Their bathroom smells like 12 fish died on the floor. And the whole place kind of smells like grandmas. It's got a certain likability, and honestly, I like the weird color scheme. And the beer selection (both draft and bottles) is pretty remarkable for such a place. It's pretty fun to go to when it's packed at night, especially to see a band, but it was kind of weird and airy going there for lunch at noontime.
3	Ahhh Carlys. Theoretically named after the owners would-be-lover. He pursued her from Australia and named his business after her, But things did not work out. Bittersweet. If you are in downtown you will likely find him and his dreadlocks cruising on his low rider bicycle.Ambiance is great here. It is big enough for our groups yet not so large that we feel marginalized by the servers. The art changes regularly. Which is nice. Some of it may be inappropriate for kids or sensitive people but oh well.The service here is impeccable. It is more hit than miss. They are attentive and have an intuitive sense when I need another drink. Which is great. The music changes here commonly. I have never actually heard it. Usually the musician arrives 45 minutes before we leave and is not finished setting up before we leave. Granted it is usually a packed house thus there is less slack for getting the gear ready.Food.....not sure if this a guy place. Not trying to type cast but I have gotten sandwiches excited for the ingredients. But there is usually a sliver of meat and loads of filler (if spinach could be called filler). Probably great for vegetarians and vegans but when I want a sandwich with some animal protein I desire not to wonder when I finally have bit into it. The option of orzo salad seems appealing but is commonly bland. I also have tried the Feta Rosa which is roasted red pepper, garlic and feta dip with pita wedges. It looked and tasted like cheese whiz out of aerosol dispenser with garlic salt. Meh.....Drinks here are great. Many options for beer and cocktail lovers. Not a huge selection of wine but no one in our group has ever complained about it being bad. Better to have quality than quantity. My only grief with drinks is with cocktails are the ones with a carbonated beverage. My whiskey and diet usually tastes flat but commonly full of whiskey. Mixed blessing.Come by. We always have fun. If you are there on First Fridays you will likely see us there. Have a drink and relax.
3	I don't think Carly's is dirty. It has nice artwork, cool table tops, and the dim lighting sets a romantic let's get a quick snack tone. I would not suggest going there if you are super hungry. The food portions are more for snacking. Seems like they have changed some items on there menu. The first time I ate here --a girlfriend and I ordered the hummus. It was so small we actually asked them if they could add a little more. Sounds cheap, but the $5 plate had 3 tablespoons of hummus. Went again recently with the man and we shared a super fresh, perfect sized salad and the hummus was much bigger. Perfect for a snack.
5	Carly's is in a very unassuming little building in the downtown area of Phoenix. There are two doors, but only one works. For people like me, that can be a bit of an embarrassment.The bartender was quick to come and offer me a drink. They have quite a wide range of beers and ales to choose from.I chose a Guiness because, well, it's Guiness.After some conversation I decided it was time to eat.I ordered the cuban.Two words; GREAT Cuban!Seriously, that was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing.Evar!The cost was quite reasonable, great food, great beer selection, they have private parking, and it's downtown. What more can you ask?
4	Our group of 3 wound up at Carly's after an event at the Dodge Theater. We were starving and wanted a quick bite and a drink. We first went to the Roosevelt but they stopped serving food at 11 so we walked to Carly's instead.About two years ago I stumbled into Carly's one afternoon on a whim, not knowing what it was or being terribly familiar with the area. I remember the service being somewhat slow. I was in there for about an hour but it was also a weekday and very busy. Even so I wanted to try it again, mainly for their beer selection. I nearly had a heart attack as I was waiting for my sandwich because I saw they had Chimay on tap. I had to do a double take. I've found in general Arizona bars/pubs have an extremely poor selection of beers on tap. To find some good Belgian Ales is like finding a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. There's always the rare gem of a bar/pub here and there that serves some killer stuff and Carly's is one of those places.Fast forward to recently...in my daze of hunger and my recent quest to find the best bloody mary in the Phx area, I totally forgot how excellent Carly's brew selection was. I ordered a bloody mary and Europa sandwich instead. Both were very good, in fact it was the best bloody mary I've ever had so I'm glad I forgot about the beer. It was interesting that the beer was $8 (but being reverse happy hour it was only $7) and my bloody mary was $4.50. Usually it's the other way around but I guess I'm not surprised considering their good selection on tap.It would have been nice to have a little more than a spoonful of pasta salad with the sandwich. Other than that, everything was fantastic!! I'll definitely be back to try the beer and eat.
4	i'm going to be nicer this time.while i still think the service is really really bad, if you're not sitting at the bar. they do have cachaca (a brazilian rum) and they make an amazing caipirinha.
3	Finding a place in the downtown Phoenix area is nearly impossible on a Sunday night and it took me quite a bit of tears and sweat to even find Carly's Bistro.  There was a decent amount of people here for a Sunday dinner so the local people must know where to get some weekend eats.  This is an average place to get a sandwich/panini and the prices won't break the bank.  I got a Europa sandwich and overall a very average sandwich.  I was a bit disappointed as I thought the spinach would be slightly cooked since it was supposed to be a "hot grilled sandwich" but instead I got a thick chunk of uncooked spinach layered about half an inch thick.
4	I am a big fan of Carly's all around. I don't usually come here for the food, although I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. The vegan wrap was excellent as was the grilled cheese and the prices were fair. I'm confident that if I end up  here with the drunken munchies, I can at least score some damn good hummus.The beer selection is wonderful (and fitting for the Roosevelt Hood)compared to many other places in Phoenix. Happy hour is a really great deal and I'm always pleased with the $4 house wine. Sometimes a little too pleased with it as one glass turns into 3 and somehow is capped off with a shot of Jameson. Oops, done that more than once.I've done the dining side and the bar side, and I very much prefer the bar not because sitting at a table sucks (service is a touch slow), but because I really like planting myself on a stool and chatting with the staff  on slower nights- I think they're pretty cool.If this place is cool enough for Annie of St. Vincent to chill before she goes on stage at Modified (I wasn't really stalking, just gawking at her coolness), it's ok in my book. Really, this is one of my favorite places here.
4	I was giving out stars like candy back when I wrote my first review, which is weird since I really hated Carly's back when it started due to an oddly judgmental server.I only go for the booze a little after 10pm on weekdays, so this only applies to that. They have cheap booze options, it's a 2-minute walk from my place and weeknight crowds are about the right size. The only time I get annoyed is when a singer/songwriter is trying to exert himself above conversations. That's why I like the jazz guys though. They don't care if pay attention to them. They don't need it to know they're good.
5	You know when a business starts showing up regularly in your Facebook status updates that it's time to write a review about it.I love Carly's.  I live about a 200 yards away, as the crow flies, at Holgas Artist's Studios. Generally, my apartment is a wreck so I never want to be there and my food situation is paltry--all cat food---so I spend a lot of time across the street.   I mean, I had recently misplaced my license somewhere between The Roosevelt and Bar Smith a few Fridays ago, and they know me enough to still serve me adult beverages at Carly's.  I have only lived at Holgas since June.  Yes, like I said, there often.I've always dreamed of owning a coffee shop that serves great artisanal ales as well, with a great bistro-esque menu.... but now I don't have to go through all the hassle of setting one up myself-- Carly's has the market cornered.  With fabulous ingredients like smoked mozzarella, sweet onion relish, and a very tasty hummus & tapenade-- little can go wrong on a sandwich here.  And I'm absolutely addicted to the Orzo side, haven't even tried the Terra chips.  With such craziness as Chimay and Lindeman's on TAP, and serving everything from domestic to import, wine, sangria, bailey's coffees, and specialty drinks like mojitos and margies.... you can punish that liver of yours for all its worth.  (Eh....the orzo soaks it up....)Great pricing, wi-fi, unintrusive live music, friendly friendly staff, clean... I've never had a problem with anything here.
4	Excellent. Really, there isn't much to say. Carly's is a small bistro, offering an excellent beer and drink selection, along with your typical bistro fare, including wraps, sandwiches, salads, and some appetizers. I met with a group of designers from around the valley to have drinks and some food. I enjoyed the Cuban sandwich, the filling of ham, turkey, pickle, and cheese, with a course grained mustard was very tasty, however, for a Cuban sandwich, the bread was a little too hard and thick for my tastes.  When I eat a Cuban sandwich, I expect a crunchy outside with a soft inside. However, the freshly fried potato chips were a great surprise, but I would have appreciated more of the sweet potato ones.All and all, it's a great place, and I'll be going back, but my slight qualms take away that extra star.Prices are moderate, with food running around $6-$11, and drinks running from $2.50 specials to $8 for beers. Hit up the happy hour, and the art/music is an excellent combination.
2	A few friends and I visited Carly's on a whim one night while out for the art walk. I had never been there before nor remember specifically seeing it while in Phoenix, so from the description we had in a brochure we were expecting something else. I'm not sure I was really upset about it, and I didn't mind the charm once I got there, but I was a little disappointed and I could tell some of my friends were too.Yes the service is slow and not necessarily the best. However, at least in my opinion, I expected this the minute I walked in and scoped the place out.I ordered the pear panini and an orange mojito. The pear panini was extremely delicious. There have been a few occasions since where I've thought of trying to imitate it at home. My orange mojito didn't taste very orange but in the end it wasn't worth asking for another one with the speed of service. All in all it's a decent place if you're prepared for what you are going to get and while I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again, I did really enjoy that pear panini.
4	super hip spot - with decent sandwiches!Will go again.Great drinks menu with plenty of beers that will knock your socks off- we enjoyed the Chimay Red beer.We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for a late lunch and the place was empty so we had great service and only waited about 15 minutes for our food.  We were impressed with the overall vibe of the place.
4	A very good place to relax, people watch, enjoy some live music and converse with friends. Nothing here was so overwhelming as to fray from our good time, which, now in my thirties, is actually a good thing. The Chimay on tap is a bonus, and the staff is very friendly (thanks, Rob, who happens to be a friend). Good acoustic guitar playing and a lively atmosphere. The crowd swelled in at around 10:15 PM, as we were wondering if we were the only ones in the place for the first thirty minutes.I have yet to try the food, but they had very good selections, as witnessed by our table neighbors. I would go back, especially for that Chimay..
4	I have to admit, the first time I went to Carly's I wasn't such a big fan. I think it was mainly b/c I didn't really care for the sides that are offered with the sandwiches, but I did remember the awesome beer selection. Fast forward a few years (yes, I know) and it's late and I'm hungry. Ok, carly's it is! This time I went for the special sandwich and already had my expectations set low on the sides. My wife ordered a salad, and so we decided to go half-sies. You know what? The sandwich was great, and having the salad as a complement worked out well. I'll definitely be going back, oh, and yeah -best bottled beer selection going.
4	Carly's is the quintessential Roosevelt Row bar: vibrant, eclectic, friendly, unpretentious.  They have great beer (including a fantastic rotating tap), solid sandwiches and friendly attentive staff.  To top things of, they are steps away from light rail, which comes in handy when you're running for the last train of the evening.  Like First Fridays, what makes the place great are the electric group of people who hang out here.  As a result, Carly's is a great place to people watch, hang out and engage in weird and wonderful conversations with complete strangers who may just become your best friends.
5	Just great solid food and atmosphere with premium beers/spirits. Dont forget the hummus!
5	Good thing for you, Carly, that I didn't write a review based on my first time in your restaurant (solid three stars). May have been the company I was with, or perhaps the oppressive July heat, but you more than redeemed yourself this time.Had the beet salad and salmon & cucumber sandwich. That's not a typo. I don't think I've ever eaten salmon with cucumber either knowing or intentionally. But dammit, that's one tasty sandwich. [EDIT: a friend pointed out that given the amount of sushi I've consumed in my life, I almost certainly have had salmon and cucumber before. my bad]Next up is the beer selection which, while not as exhaustive as the Lost Leaf two blocks down, is quality. Chimay on draft. 'Nuff said.Moving on to the Nutella croissant. Whichever evil genius in the kitchen dreamed this concoction up should be damn proud of themselves. It was warm melty chocolate heaven.Also, waitstaff was pleasant and attentive, and the local art on the walls is bad ass. So yeah, you should eat here.
4	So I came here last night for a first date and was pleasantly surprised.  We hit up the bar so I could check out all the local art under the glass.  It was a cute touch, I love when restaurants play up the neighborhood's culture.  We got their in time for happy hour, and the Scott informed us it was a dollar off beers.  I know that doesn't seem like much, but any deal works for me.  I forgot the name of the sandwich we got but I know it had turkey, red peppers, and fontina in it.  Really good!  We also got the soup and salad...and I'm going to have to say that the tomato soup is better at the Roosevelt.  Still good, but I don't think you can best the Roosevelt at the classic grilled cheese and tomato soup combo.We eventually came back at the end of our psuedo hipster night and got the Nutella croissant.  I'm pretty sure I was incredibly drunk because I don't like to eat dessert on the first date.  Want the boys to think I eat normally, instead of like the fat chick that resides inside of me.  The one who believes that desserts are for everyone and then one communal dessert (which goes to me).  But hey, drinking makes you lose your inhibitions, so I was game.  I'm happy I did, the croissant was light and flaky.  And who doesn't love Nutella?  I don't eat it plain with a spoon like some people, so I guess I don't have as much love.Cool place, I'll definitely be back.  Probably just so I can listen to the music.  I swear they were playing my iPod, with all the acoustic Metric, The Bravery, and The Thermals.  I love you for that alone!
3	Carly's is one of my lunch destinations.  I usually go after the lunch rush and end up having the place to myself.  Give yourself some time if you eat at Carly's because the service can be on the slow side but the food is worth the wait.  Today I ordered the Santa Fe Sandwich.  It had nicely cooked roast beef, sliced green peppers, and a chipotle sauce.  This is a great sandwich.  It came with a pickle spear and orzo.  My guest always orders the Fig Salad.  She enjoys the fresh figs, dried cranberries, feta cheese, and greens.  I have had the Fig Salad before.  It is tasty.  The proportions of the meals at Carly's are perfect.  I don't get overly full.  Carly's rotates the artwork on their walls so there is always something new to notice.I always have a nice quiet lunch at Carly's.
2	Good food...but the service when doing 'carry out' orders is quite slow. Give yourself an extra 20 mins or so after they say it'll be ready. I know this place is popular, so maybe that's why I guess. Anyway, maybe someone else will have a better experience. (Please note this review was based on a few experiences throughout this past spring/summer and could of been resolved by now, I just wanted people to be aware of the possibility)
4	I love me a good Bistro, and Carly's is rocking it.  It may have been a little dead when I went in but I wasn't looking for a crowd.  I was hungry and very thirsty!  Damn it if Carly's didn't deliver.  This was the second time that I have visited Carly's, and just like the first time, their food was pretty dead on.  I enjoyed the (correct me if I'm wrong here) Southwest sandwich?  It typically comes with roast beef, but by recommendation from the bartender I ordered it with Turkey.  'Twas money!Besides the 2 kick ass sandwiches that I have had there, who can beat the beer selection?  For a small and modest drink menu the beer selection sure is tasty.  Hello?  Session for only $2?  Now, how many true session fans are there?  Rock , Paper, Scissors?  Not just session but Chimay Red and Blue also.  This place is easily becoming my "go to" spot for any day of the week.  Now, I have yet to be there on a live music night and I must admit I'm a bit scared.  Carly's is tiny, with low ceilings none the less, and they want to host a band?  Oh well, I'll give it a go sometime.  But for now, I'll stick with the slow nights of great sandwiches and awesome beer.
1	This review is written with great remorse.  I have been to Carly's a few times and have always liked the experience.  Cool artwork, good ambiance, decent food, good beer selection, decent service,  etc.  However, I went this week and was dissapointed.  It was a Thursday around 6:00 PM and I was expecting an interesting crowd.  However, the place had about 3 or 4 weird dudes scattered about;  it was a near ghost town, one filled with creepy miners.  One patron kept starring at us.  The lighting was not right, several of the overhead lights used to spotlight the artwork were not turned on.  The music was some crappy, old heavy metal.  The two bar tenders seemed nice enough although the vibe they gave off was kind of odd.  The overall feel was that of a cheap hash bar in Amsterdam, one where everyone is way too stoned and paranoid.  Everything seemed more run down than the last time I visited.  Now it's more of a dive bar than a cool place to chill.  I didn't even want to think about eating there although I've had decent food on previous visits.  A dark experience overall.Ohh Carly's, how I used to love you but you've since jumped the shark.  Could the owners be going through hard times?  Was it just a bad night to be there?  I don't know but I won't be visiting again as there are too many interesting places to eat and drink in the Valley.  Best wishes Carly's, and may you find your way.
5	Carly's is magnificent.  I love it there.  I've been there maybe five times at this point by now and I don't know why I haven't written a review earlier.I made my way back to Carly's for the first time in maybe two months or so.  For some reason, everything on the menu looked SO damn GOOD.  It took me longer to order than usual.  I'm quick at ordering.  I look at the menu, see something and BAM! it will be in my stomach, being dissolved by acid, very soon.  This time, though, my god.  I wanted to eat everything.  It all sounded so bomb.  I ended up getting a sandwich with salmon on it.  Can't remember what it's called.The service isn't the friendliest, but it's certainly not rude or curt.  It's just sort of indifferent which is fine by me.  Hell, in some instances I downright prefer it.  The waitress took our order and gave us our check and filled up my ice tea.  I didn't feel ignored at any point.  That's all I want, man.  Sometimes I feel like service is insincere when a girl my age calls me "hun."  You know what I mean?  I mean, sometimes a chit-chatty type of thing is okay, but for the most part, when I eat out, I'm just gonna chill out.The price for what you get is really fantastic.  The sandwich you get isn't the size of a plate, but it tastes amazing and your salivary glands will have a bit of an orgasm.
4	Great place to hang out. Real neighborhood-y. Usually able to find some great conversation at the bar with total strangers drinkining alone. Great place to head over to if the Roosevelt's servers are angrier than normal.Greatest strength: Dogfish Head 90 on tap! This is actually responsible for 90% of why I love going to Carly's.
4	Love the food! I see a lot of the community flock to this place, and I'm always seeing new musical talent play, although some aren't as talented as others : / They always have new art for sale up as well.... I definitely support a place that supports local artists!  I've ordered the Fig salad, hummus and Cuban Sandwich, all of which are great (but the Cuban is superb!)... I definitely recommend it. The staff are very accommodating. They have lots of microbrews, and imported beers.
3	uuummmm What happened to this place?????I heard they ditched all the old staff, and now there is good service and shit...and you are greeted and asked if you "have ever dined here before"?????? WHA!!?!?!?!???!also, I heard they do that creepy kneel at your table while taking your order and wear something akin to the aprons that the droids wear at P.F. CHANGS!!I want my carlys back.although I did hear the menu is improved....
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 *DRINKS*9 Service10 Atmosphere8 ValueI can't understand any of the poo-poo reviews here, because I went last night and it was perfect.  I got an Austrian Dobblebock, a small hummus plate appetizer, and the Pear sandwich (Prosciutto, pear, Brie, and some tasty rationed sauce on Focaccia) w/ an orzo pasta salad.  I'm actually not a big sandwich guy, but this was excellent!The vibe was kind of like a Boston dive in Central Square, but with the indie-hippster Phoenix flare, and the service was great.  I also loved loved loved the eclectic beer list, and did I mention the hummus was really good?2 beers + 1 app + 2 meals = $33 before tip.  I'll be back!
5	I had heard of Carly's through a professor at ASU, and he certainly did not let me down by recommending this place. The sandwich I had was really good, and there were plenty more on the menu that I would like to try. They had a decent beer selection, and I tried something new, which was actually pretty good.The atmosphere was laid back and kind of indie. Again, I am finding that this is one of those great downtown places that was practically empty on a Saturday night! How can this be? It was so good. I'm starting to wish more of Phoenix and surrounding areas would venture out of suburbia and discover the gems hidden downtown.
2	I honestly cannot tell you how bad I hate this place. Not because I don't want to, just because I don't know how to articulate it properly. Well, let's give it a shot anyway...I might be a little more lenient if the people that worked here weren't completely and utterly condescending (which I hate SO FREAKING BAD), and if they knew the value of good service. Oh, and maybe this makes me a discriminator of sorts, but I really don't care for hippies. This is 2010. Cut your damn hair.I swear every time I have been here (four times now, at least) I tell myself that I am NEVER coming back, even if a pack of wild wolves is chasing me down Roosevelt in the middle of a simmering hot summer day where my jelly shoes have melted into the asphalt... but somehow I always get dragged back and want to give them the benefit of the doubt. How does this keep happening.The food isn't good either, and they stop serving anything cooked (even a grilled cheese - simplest creation known to man) pretty early. Now that I'm on the proverbial wagon, and on this splendid gluten-free vegan diet, it will take more than that pack of wolves to get me back here... at very least it will take an act of god. Or a group of ninjas. They can be pretty convincing with those crazy throwing stars.
1	If I could sue Carly's Bistro for the waste of my money and time, I would. Food isn't all that and service was slow. Do they even cook anything? I ordered the Santa Fe Sandwich. I asked about a substitution and the waitress rolled her eyes. Ugh. Never again. So many other great local restaurants and choices...I'll never head back to Carly's.
2	I have to admit that I can't stop going to Carly's even though I KNOW I shouldn't!  Good:  I can't get enough of the Cape Cod salad! It is really somethin' special, that ain't no lie.  Also the soup is always flavorful.Bad: Has nothing to do with the food. It is all about the atmosphere, which is oppressive in an I'm-so-unique-and-talented-and-you-are-smelly-dung sort of way. Staff is pretentious and lazy. They think they must be pretty lofty individuals for working there but that doesn't mean they LIKE to work, for god's sake....  The owner. She is somewhat friendly, but beware. She is the person who created this environment, and it becomes easy to believe once she starts bragging about how well-off she is.  So congratulations everyone! We support these immature little weasels who scorn this gross human ritual we indulge ourselves in: being a customer, AND apparently we have made the owner a rich woman but shhhhhh! She's still the kewlest of the kewl.UPDATE: Received an annoying email from the owner (the husband) who instructed me give " *constructive criticism* " and not make a personal attack or be petty. My review was neither of those things. I do not know John, nor do I know Carla. I only know what I experience when I have lunch at their place of business. The staff was rude and lazy. The owner DID brag. The food I always order is good. Get a grip buddy.I was honest about my experience for OTHER PEOPLE who are considering spending their cash on food there.  I am not in the least concerned about the owners or the staff personally, but apparently John thinks I ought to be.  I ought to see how great Carla is. In fact, he goes into detail about how great Carla is.  It's nice to witness a man standing up for his lady. It would almost cause me to add a star up there, but sorry, no can do.  His improper use of the possessive apostrophe SEVERAL times canceled that out (okay, now that was petty -my bad).  I'd advise John to concentrate on things other than trolling around yelp, chastising his own customers, whose business supports that fancy paint and the famously zombie-like staff.  Maybe the staff is just following John's lead when they don't focus on creating a positive experience for their customers?Honestly, I remain puzzled as to why John would bother to bother me.  I go into a small restaurant to find the owner bragging. That is part of my experience and I will continue to post reviews featuring owners, and how they carry themselves.As for the "personal attack" on Carla, I will not retract what I said just because John is butthurt and whines about it. I will say this: Carla has probably been in the restaurant several of the many times I have dined there, but I perceived the bragging only one time. I doubt anyone who read my review would label this person a braggart based on that one experience of mine, and as I said before- it did not and would not stop me from going back.I will be back. I will order the food and enjoy the food, but since that's not the only part of the dining experience, I will tolerate the negative things because the food I regularly order is consistently good.
3	I feel like I had to opposite experience of most people who reviewed this place.  Service wise, my experience was great; the waitresses were very attentive and helpful, and the women I presume to be the owner was very friendly.  That, coupled with everything that has come up about the quality of the food, I was excited.The food? Meh.  I got a turkey melt, and the bacon on it was so dry that it was literally hard to eat.  I ended up disassembling the second half and just eating it in parts.  There were roasted red peppers on it, but I forgot they were even on it until I saw the few there were on it.  I also had the greek side salad; nice assortment of greens, but I didn't think the caper vinagrette tasted like capers, and some of the greens on the bottom were wilted to the point of being mushy,Maybe I ordered the one weak thing on the menu, there seems to be plenty of fans.  I think I'll be going back for drinks, but not food.
4	Carly's Bistro is one of my new favorites - especially now that I'm moving downtown! Very vegetarian friendly, and lots of yummy dishes with tons of flavor! Their hummus is TO DIE FOR! So much flavor!!! My favorite sandwich is the Europa with roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and spinach and smoked mozarella on cibatta. Delish!! They also have a fantastic beer menu! Quite extensive with a type to make anyone happy! They're a great location for parties, and offered happy hour prices on all drinks during the event.I'm going there for dinner tonight and can't wait!!
4	Good place for lunch dtown, but also really good Happy Hour.
4	Carly's has a bit of a reputation among Phoenicians and downtowners.  It's tiny, so they usually have a maximum of three people working there at any given time.  Most people discover Carly's on a First Friday visit, when it's wall-to-wall and completely overwhelmed.  There's a name for that, you know.  It's called "amateur hour."  The people-in-the-know realize that Carly's is a great place to avoid whenever there's a crowd on Roosevelt, and a great place to hang out when it's locals-only (I. E. not much of a crowd at all).  In fact, Carly's is one of not-very-many restaurants or bars in the area open every day of the week, with late hours.  Additionally, it has a full liquor license, with hard liquor options.  The other places in the area (The Roosevelt, Lost Leaf) only serve beer and wine.  Lost Leaf doesn't even serve food.  The point I'm trying to make is, Carly's has a niche.  A "Sunday afternoon and i'm hungry and there's no place nearby open" niche.  Literally, we walked past the Subway in the Cronkite building and it had closed.  LAME!  The point is,  Carly's has decent food (maybe a tad over-priced in this economy, but hardly a deal-breaker), the service is not great, but not intolerably bad (aside from First Friday, of course), and the vibe is actually quite good.  The last time I was here I shared a pita chip-based appetizer, and it was delicious.  I went on to eat the pear sandwich, featuring pear, brie, and proscuitto.  It was fantastic!  Additionally, I loved the Modest Mouse they were rocking in the background, although I wasn't sure what was going on with the sub speakers.  It was a little unbalanced.  Anyway, I'm sure I'll be back soon.  Probably not on a First Friday, but on a Sunday afternoon or another time when it seems like most of the other places are closed, I'll be here.
4	Living within walking distance definitely makes this my #1 watering hole. It's a good after work atmosphere-nice mix of people, the wait staff is mostly attentive, and you can have a conversation. As the night gets later and the live music starts, it's basically impossible to hold a conversation-the acoustics are BAD. The place is a very "everybody knows your name" kinda place. My only gripe-change the menu once in a while--we need more options or specials!
4	For some reason I had a totally different idea of Carly's than what it actually is. I thought it would suck. Maybe there was a different restaurant in there before, maybe I just made it up in my head. Either way, I was pleasantly surprised with my dinner there last night.The boyfriend's band was playing at Revolver Records across the street so we decided to hit Carly's before the show. The place was packed but we managed to snag a two-top anyway. We sat for a little while before someone came over wit menus but like I said they were busy so I overlooked it.We decided to start with the artichoke dip for an appetizer. It was really tasty but it was more like an artichoke hummus than most of the artichoke dips I've had before. The bread it was served with was fresh and warm - so good we asked for more.For dinner I ordered the pear sandwich which is pear, prosciutto and brie on a panini. I ordered it with the orzo salad. We waited a pretty long time to get our food, thank god we had the app to tide us over. My sandwich was very good. I could have used a few more slices of prosciutto but overall it had a very good flavor. But speaking of "could have used a little more" the orzo salad was like a sample. One tiny little scoop of orzo. It was good, I would have enjoyed more. The boyfriend got chips with his sandwich and he got a ton of them. So my advice if you're hungry - order the chips!The atmosphere was nice - a little hipster but not real uppity. I love that downtown Phoenix is starting to get a good variety of restaurants so I would happily go back and support the local flavor.
1	Upon having the worst lunch ever at Carly's yesterday, I was immediately compelled to write a scathing review.  However, I thought I'd marinate on it for a day.  Well, the queasiness has not subsided and here I am, a day later, to tell anyone who will listen that this place is TERRIBLE.I'd looked at their menu online before leaving and noticed that they had a tuna salad wrap on the menu.  When I got there, the tuna salad was only available on a salad.  I asked the waitress if I could get it on bread instead, and she stared blankly at me before replying "well, we have a tuna melt."  I asked her if the tuna on the tuna melt was indeed the tuna salad, and she said no.  Apparently the tuna salad is not available any other way but on lettuce.  So, I ordered the tuna melt cold.  When it came, it was disgusting.  It was literally tuna straight out of a can (no mayonnaise) with a couple capers sprinkled on top.  There was way too much bread which was dry and gross.  I asked the waitress for some mayonnaise, which it took her over five minutes to get (meanwhile, she cleared dishes and completed other tasks).  I did eventually get a blob of mayonnaise in a Dixie cup, but when I tried to mix it in with the tuna the whole sandwich fell apart.  I ended up trying to eat some of it with my fork and foregoing the bread altogether, but at this point I was so grossed out I and irritated with Carly's that I didn't eat much.Also, my friend ordered a hot sandwich that was supposed to come with peppers, but did not.  He pointed this out to the waitress and she returned several minutes later with a few refrigerated peppers on a plate.  He asked another waitress if she could bring him some warm peppers to go with his warm sandwich, which she did after several minutes.  Coincidentally(?), he started feeling sick shortly after and had to miss work today.When the bill came, the oh-so-helpful waitress had charged me extra for the mayonnaise.  Needless to say, I won't be going back there.  If you are in the mood for a sandwich downtown, there are a million better places where the servers are actually decent.  Some suggestions: Cibo, the Main Ingredient Alehouse, and Old Station.  Even Subway has amazing service and gourmet food compared to Carly's.
3	Despite some of the peeps below, I find Carly's to be alright. I've been there a couple of times to eat and a couple of times to drink. Their beer list is pretty descent by my standards and the food seems to get better with each visit. Perhaps they're like sheets or an old t-shirt; the more you wash and wear them the softer they get...?Yesterday, I went there with a BUNCH of co-workers, basically taking up the entire place (20 of us). The waitress was extremely gracious and attentive. It seemed like I never had an empty cup or plate sitting in front of me for too long. I had the ex-patriot panini, which was SO YUMMY I want another for lunch today! It was turkey, brie, sweet onions, and oh, maybe some pesto. It was just delish. Previous to my visit yesterday, I wasn't so much a fan of their food but rather enviornment and beer list. I have had their tuna melt/salad whatever it is that Melissa (below) was yapping about and she's right-it sucks. I can totally make a better one out on trail. I've also had their tomato bisque, not so fantastic.I do like the orzo salad that comes along the sandwhich but I'd like some chips too; why not both? Stick to the sandwhichs here and I don't think you'll be disappointed!oh p.s. the santa fe with green chilis is awesome too!
4	After a going away party for a coworker, I was giving a few others a ride downtown when they suggested trying this place out. As a semi-frequent First Friday attendee, I have walked by this place packed full but I thought it was just a bar. Always ready to try things, though a little hesistant, we pulled in the parking lot.Walking in, it definitely has a laid-back vibe and there was a good crowd for about 10:30pm. After getting a seat, our server took our drink orders and did a great job walking me through their beer menu. I tried the Kronenbourg, a French beer which was ok, but more of a strong Bud Light. Oh well, nothing ventured, nothing gainedOnce our fourth appeared, we ordered our food. I considered a few options but ended up with the Southwest Chicken sandwich, which was chicken breast on ciabatta bread with pepper jack cheese, covered in cilantro pesto and chipotle mayo. The wait wasn't too bad, and our server (after a slow start) did a great job keeping our drinks full. I have to say, I was shocked at how good it was. The bread was perfectly cooked, so the ciabatta was a bit crunchy but still soft around the chicken. The cilantro pesto taste could have been a bit stronger, but it was a good addition. What made the sandwich was the chipotle mayo; the spice mixed well with the mayo as a fantastic dipping sauce. I went from only eating half to completing the entire meal. The orzo salad was solid, but could have been a little biggerOne of my coworkers ordered the artichoke dip, which was really more of a hummus texture. I had a taste of it on my ciabatta, and I would definitely try the meal itself. The other ordered the pita pizza, her favorite, which was two pitas around pesto, tomatoes, and mozzarella. Good times were had all around.Carly's is basically if First Friday became a restaurant. If you like First Friday's vibe, you will enjoy Carly's, but it's probably a bit too relaxed and hipster for some. As someone who isn't exactly hip but loves FFs, I thought Carly's was a nice surprise. The food was great, the service was pretty solid, and the art that they were displaying fit the place well. The place is certainly in my rotation now, though probably not on FFs.
3	First went to Carly's during one of the First Fridays.  The place was packed and so I headed to the bar.  Even though the bartenders were swamped they provided prompt service.   A couple of weeks I made my way back to Carly's to finally try their food.  Their cubano was excellent and the italian wrap I ordered was decent.  The sides weren't that impressive, but I still enjoy the place.
3	Went here for lunch around the lunch time rush on a Tuesday. It was completely dead with about 4 tables full including us. I had the Turkey melt. I thought it was ok, didnt really see where the melt was, and thought the roasted peppers overpowered the sandwich. My co-worker tried the ruben and said it was really good and it looked that way. (It was all over his face. If it doesnt get all over the place it doesnt belong in your face!) The service was good, the atmosphere was good, and it looks like they have a very eclectic beer list. (Holy beer made by monks?) The flower blossom tea was actually pretty good I thought. Other than that, it was just ok. I dont know if I will be back, but would be willing to give it another chance maybe sometime down the road.
5	This is a reivew that is long overdue; Carly's is probably my first choice for bar/ restaurants in central phx, for a couple of reasons:~Their food is just delicious, specifically the sandwiches: my two personal favorites being the pear panini and the tuscan panini. The soups are a good option as well, not to mention the orzo salad which seems to please everyone.~The Beer selection is really great, there are some tasty brews on tap here that you can feel classy about drinking along w/ your meal. Not to mention the $2 PBR's that'll do the job nice and quick and on the cheap.~The prices are really fair, you can get a delicious well proportioned meal along w/ a round of brews for under $20, and as a student / young man crippled w/ debt this is something i truly appreciate.Unfortunatly i always seem to come to Carly's on those full moon evenings when all the CenPho foodies come out of the woodwork stumbling like corpses risen from the grave, swanky zombies in search of brain paninis preventing me from getting my favorite table, blocking the bar with their tangled masses, queing up in front of the restrooms....enough with this zombie metaphor it's not really working..i give carly's two swollen thumbs up!
3	Another local place that specializes in sandwiches soups and salads. I don't know what it is about bohemian urban areas, but all of the restaurants specialize in the same general items.The nice thing here is that the veggie options are not limited to one or two items. I went with the Europa ($7.95) sandwich that had mozzarella cheese, roasted red pepper spinach and artichoke hearts. The chibada bread was put in a Panini pres, this result in a very hard almost cracker like crust. The peppers and cheese went well with the whole package.  It came with a side of chips, which had one small sliver of tarot chip in it, I wish it had more than just potato. In retrospect I should have gone for the orzo option.Inside there are tables and high top tables and a bar with about 12 seats at it. They do have a extensive beer selection, I can imagine there the night scene is the real draw here.I think lunch was $1-2 over priced for what it was.
5	Not only is the staff friendly, but the music is great (last time I was there, I think someone was playing a mixtape of turntablists) and there's always incredible art on the walls. This place is good for any type of meal and is even open for drinks late at night (No! A restaurant open afterhours? Not in Phoenix?!).The food is incredible. The ingredients are high quality and simple. Everything is delicious--from their hummus, feta/red pepper spread, and cold artichoke dip to their awesome paninis served with chips or orzo to their HUGE tasty salads. Their selection of beer is focused and somewhat limited, but still very good choices for any palate.I highly recommend Carly's. It is exactly the type of place that belongs tucked away downtown, under a nondescript purple awning, across the street from a pretty rad record store, and one that can always promise an excellent meal for a good price. The last time I went with a friend, we had an appetizer, a total of three beers and a glass of wine, and two salads for only $35. It really doesn't get much better than that - especially in downtown Phoenix.
4	Fantastic place.  Very low key with good tapas and usually an awesome dj spinning.
5	This is truely one of the best places in downtown Phoenix. The food and drinks are consistently great and the people there are really friendly and courteous. The music they play is right up my alley but may not appeal to most people. This is definitely a casual place which I really like but if you're looking for a posh, trendy place this probably isn't for you. All in all, Carly's is just about a weekly occurance for me and mine.
5	This is easily my all-time favorite restaurant. Excellent food, excellent atmosphere, and excellent staff. I've never been disappointed with any aspect of this establishment. The ingredients in the food are fabulous, full flavored, simple, fresh and delicious. Great art exhibits, clean bathrooms, and a low-key ambiance that is hard to find. My only recommendation is if you aren't from the downtown area or if you're a first-timer... Steer clear of this place on First Fridays.
4	For a variety of food and drink, Carly's Bistro really has some great choices, and the location is perfect for me, since I live less than 10 minutes away.  We ordered the antipasto appetizer that had fresh mozzerella, olives, pesto, and delicious crusty bread.  I ordered the spinach salad with walnuts, dried cranberries, and gorgonzola cheese. The salad was surprisingly huge compared to other places that serve this kind of thing. My friend ordered a cheese sandwich and loved it. The service is OK and it was pretty busy, so I guess we expected better. But overall, great place for lunch or dinner!
5	I've been visiting Carlys since it opened and I have loved every experience there. Yes, throughout the years they have worked out some issues with expedient service and improved the interior. One thing has always been consistent, their food. I love all of it. The Feta Rosa, Yes, the Tomato Soup, Yes, my favorite torta, The Ex-Patriot. Also they have a Great menu for vegetarians which I'm not. They are known for using fresh local ingredients and supporting the local art and music scene for years, which is more than I can say for other downtown places that seem to forget the only reason they survive is because of the Art Scene. The bar is great also, with a nice craft beer selection. Sometimes the bands can get a little loud, but hey, they are 6 feet from you depending on where you sit. All of the servers are friendly and are usually local musicians and artists themselves.
4	Carly's is one of those cool local spots that's a bit rough around the edges, but offers a one-of-a-kind experience.  I always order the same thing when I come here.  This is either an indication of my lack of imagination or means that my choice is just that wonderful.  I am going to go with the latter.  Southwest Chicken Sandwich.  Huge chunks of chicken smothered in pesto sauce with melty cheese all bonded together by two pieces of crusty but chewy Ciabatta bread.  And this bugger is massive, so it can easily be split or saved for a future meal.  Best part is the chipotle mayo that comes on the side.  Creamy and spicy.The have really good happy hour specials too: half off apps, dollar off wines and beers and the beers and wines they carry are pretty good.  This place is really crazy on First Fridays, so prepare yourself for that.  Other than that it is a great place to grab a beer or a perfect lunch spot.
4	It's late. I'm hungry (as usual). I want to hear music (as usual). My appetite is feeling semi-ethnic meaning there is no American bar food item that can curve this sensation. Where do I need to be? CARLY'S!!!! As a semi-frequent visitor I can attest that this Bistro is legit. The beer menu is phenomenal (mainly because it contains my favorite: Ayinger from Germany) and the food menu is cheap and simply satisfying with filling items such as hummus, olives, and some of my favorite paninis around. For me personally, and as far as AZ goes, this is one of the few places with a mellow and artistic atmosphere with no real "scene"....just an easy-going perfect kind of place where you can catch some live musicians at night and have some conversations with beautiful friends.
3	Where hipsters go to sober up and try to continue last night's conversation.  Wanted to like the place more.  The interior is hip and industrial-ish.  I find the tables just a smidge too high for my taste.  Came for brunch and it had reliable omlettes and egg sandwiches.
4	Love their sandwiches!!!! Not crazy about decor(:
3	I feel bad giving this venerable downtown institution only 3 stars.   It's got a damn good bar and vibe, and the service would be an easy 10 if it weren't for a distant memory of outside food or drink flack ... but two things:  #1, it's a restaurant first.  #2.  I will always be back.  I first went here years ago and was profoundly disappointed with the selection of the side so much that I almost didn't come back:  Chips or orzo.  The chips are good, don't get me wrong, but a small handful of chips do not make an adequate side for a $10 sandwich.   The orzo is a pile of boring rice-shaped nonsense in an equally idiotically small portion.   And it seems like everything here is about a buck or two more than it should be.  Regardless, my standby here is the Carly-Q, a roast beef sandwich that destroys all its previous concepts found elsewhere with sheer deliciousness.  Slather on the horseradish and I'm in heaven.  Tonight, I deviated from the norm with a Santa Fe.  Whoops.  It was soaked in a bland "chipotle" mayo that killed the subtle flavors left over.    The Carly's Side Salad almost made up for it.  The greens were above average, the dressing was just enough to write home about, and the bread was hands down the best side-salad bread I've yet to have.  At this point, with mediocre-plus eats, why would I come here? Because nowhere else do I get my slice of Chicago in downtown Phoenix.  Beer and music can make up for any lack of food offerings.  Carly's is my late-night beacon, my super-friendly casual spot, my one of two or three places downtown I can actually stop by myself and not feel completely out of place drinking a beer or three and enjoying the music and everything the place has to offer.  Tonight, the DJ was good, not great, but he found a comfortable-enough mix between downtempo and hip-hop that one should expect from a joint that borders on the sophisticated.  Carly's delivers with a live band every *other* night.  D'oh.  The crowd is as diverse as they come--with every minority and majority represented.  This is, as the mural with the bare-tittied vixen proclaims, a place for people.  Brief reality check/disclaimer before I go on--does your local suburban bullshit restaurant have a DJ or live music every night, if it's even open that late?  Carly's does.  High standards are set in Downtown for a reason.   Carly's would be five stars anywhere else in the Valley but Downtown Phoenix.  I certainly enjoyed the service at the bar and my choices from the perfectly-priced vast beer selection.  The front-end staff's steadfast patience among a growing crowd and my random requests after another made me feel right at home.  I was thinking maybe this could still be a four or five star place--if it had a drinking patio, five would be a serious contender.I've got to piss like a racehorse at this point, and then I remember my genuine test of  a good restaurant or bar--the bathroom is a microcosm of the whole place.  Shitty joint, shitty bathroom.   Kickass joint, kickass bathroom.    My eyes wander as I walk in.  Is the swarm of graffiti intentionally left there?  Taken aback from the rest of the place, it really offers its own brand of kitsch.  And then you see the slurs and gang tags and an overflowing garbage and fixtures that need a good once-over with the 409...   Ew.  Three stars it is.  I only half-blame them for the bathroom.  Keeping the graffiti clean would be a non-stop job, maybe they could help you complement it by dangling permanent markers from the ceiling.   And every time I've been here at night there's only been two people up front to keep the place going, and they do a phenomenal job, so again, I feel bad for three stars--the staff shouldn't suffer for the establishment.  But with only two people, you can only do so much.  The text on our star rating's rubric is "A-OK."  And that's just what Carly's is.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't go to 5-star places all the time...maybe they'd lose their luster too quick.   The places I'm a regular at have their own annoying little quirks, but dammit, they are what they are for a reason that I as a lowly patron just cannot comprehend--the bar and restaurant gods have made it this way.  It works, as it always has, and I go there happily.   And like true gods of their industry, Carly's will be a place that will stand on its own 20 and 50 years from now.  It is Phoenix's core captured, largely for the best.
4	A definite favorite in the neighborhood.The happy hour menu is always interesting and good. In several visits I've never had anything that wasn't delicious, and the beers on special are uniformly impressive.
3	Overrated? One of a kind? Fantastic? I think I've been to this place enough times to finally develop a concrete opinion. Let me start out by saying I really see the appeal of this restaurant to those easily wooed by the hipster mystique. For those of us that can see through the "this little place I know..." mindset will find it more difficult to blindly rave about Carly's. This hole in the wall on Roosevelt boasts an ever-changing local art sale/exhibit as well as live performances by local bands. I must confess I hate the local bands. Most of them are terrible, and I find it hard to enjoy my food with a wannabe Bob Dylan (not in a good way) singing about the ghettos or whatever. I just want to enjoy my $8 sandwich in peace, is that too much to ask? The food is pretty good if you can even eat in the nauseatingly pretentious environment. At least the prices can't be argued with for the quality of food. I really like the hummus trio as an appetizer, the pear (without prosciutto) for the entree, and the gelato for dessert. The drink selection is pretty extensive and inexpensive (yay for alliteration). The whiskey sangria is one of the best cocktails on the menu. Overall it isn't a bad place to eat and drink, and the late night hours make it especially appealing if you can't stomach mozzarella sticks at the neighborhood Applebees. However, I wouldn't count this amongst my "go-to" places.
4	Carlie's is my new favorite local watering hole.  It is a small, cozy space that reminds me of the neighborhood bars in my hometown, Portland, Oregon.  On top of that, they have good beer that is reasonably priced (I get so tired of $5 pints)!  I waited forever to try this place, but I am so glad I did!(The food is so-so, but reasonably healthy.)
5	I went to Carly's twice in one day yesterday. You say "fatass," I say "devoted to understanding the multi-faceted nature of the dining establishment." We're speaking the same language. The first time was for a somewhat awkward and stilted department lunch...the second time, it was all about hitting up happy hour. Both experiences were excellent. Lunch - I had the prosciutto sandwich. Absolutely delicious. The sweetness of the fig spread, the saltiness of the prosciutto, the delectable crunch of the bread...I was planning on being a lady and consuming only a delicate half, but was overcome and unable to resist the lure of the remaining portion. As other reviewers have mentioned, you receive only the barest smidgen of orzo. It's good, but, you know...blink, and you might miss that you were even eating it. The service was slower than I would have imagined for how empty it was at the time we went, but our server was friendly and kind. No hassle about splitting our bill 6 different ways, which is always nice to avoid. Also...one of our dining companions was an adult affected by autism. He had brought his own lunch to eat into the restaurant, which obviously isn't appropriate, but the waitress handled it very gracefully and patiently answered all of his questions with a smile and no trace of an eyeroll. For me, that was what cinched a second visit. Happy hour -  We ordered the hummus duo, (olive tapenade, a generous portion of hummus, an equally generous collection of pita wedges, and chips) , the brie appetizer (a wedge of brie, a sweet onion...something? chutney?, walnuts, cranberries, apple slices, and delicious bread), and the Carly Q. All were excellent...daydreaming about that brie appetizer right now. No cocktails this time. Service was, again, on the slower side, but nobody was a pretentious asshole or anything. In fact, nary a pretentious asshole was to be found. Maybe you only see them when you're obsessively looking for them so you can insert a scathing one-two punch into your Yelp review they will never read or give a shit about. Just sayin'.
4	Great place to grab a few beers with the friends. Awesome energy. Love going there!
4	This is a nice little spot.I can imagine that it would be a nightmare to go to this bar/restaurant during any art event like first Friday.  But, why would anyone subject themselves to such torture?  I have found that it is better to wonder instead of worry.On any average day, you can walk right in and have a wonderful lunch and a nice beer or drink. Fine, fine, fine menu items include:i.  Pear - Thinly sliced Pear, Prosciutto and Brie w/ Balsamic Dressing on Focaccia.ii.  Santa Fe - Warm Roast Beef, Chipotle Mayo, Green Chilis & Swiss served on Onion Challah roll.iii.  Prosciutto - Black Mission Fig paste, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola & Provolone served on Napolitano --How could you go wrong with these combinations of flavors between slices of artisan bread?You can't.
3	I like the laid back atmosphere, playing one of my favs ben harper. Great beer selection, food was pretty good. I got the ruben I liked it wasn't out of this world good, but if your in the neighborhood worth a try.
5	I've been lucky enough to dine at Carly's when visiting PHX. The food is awesome! Great local ingredients and attention to detail. In addition, the owner is about as generous and gracious as they come. She agreed to help me provide delish snacks to some local friends after the birth of their little one. I am located in FL, and it meant the world to me. Thank you Carly, and you amazing team!
5	This place is within walking distance from my apartment so HONESTLY, I'd walk here a couple times a week even if I hated it... BUT the staff is so friendly and the pear sandwich/artichoke dip are wonderful. Great vibes.
3	Bloody Mary $4. :) artichoke dip $3 Friendly service
3	Some friends and I stopped in for Happy Hour before we were on our way to Mesa Arts Center. We walked in at about 5:15 and I really dug the place. There was interesting art on the walls, quite a few artsy looking people, and TWO people working. Two! Their menu looked amazing and I decided to go with a pear and brie sandwich. I wish I would have known it was going to take almost an hour for our food to be served. Once I got my food we were running late so I had to gobble it down. It was ok, but nothing special. Maybe it was just an off day for them, but the service was horrible.
3	Its tough because Ive been coming here for a long time. i was the guy at the bar studding i had so many grand experiences but my last time there was such a disappointment i haven't been back so do i rate low because of the one bad experience or do i rate high because of the past ?? ill rate fair so the last time i was there the waitress took our order incorrectly. when we got our check we noticed it was incorrect and let the waitress know. she rolled her eyes and said shed let the manager know. He came around and said that there was nothing wrong with the ticket because he helped bring out the meals and noticed that it was what the ticket said but i tried to explain to him that she took the order incorrectly initially, he was pissed. he walk away fixed the ticket then came back and said here you go LADIES, and walk away...(this is funny) we were a table of men i laugh hehe.....because out of all the time i spent there and as much money as i used there and for them to think that i was trying to cheat them of some money was amazing. so experience it for yourself and have a good time - i guess ill just have my memories of the good times, before the bad attitudes
4	Carly's is delicious. I've only been here twice, but both trips have been pleasant. The atmosphere is amazing, if you're into artsy stuff like me :D You get to enjoy looking at nifty paintings while enjoying your food. The staff is quick and nice. The food is unique. I just wish there was one closer to my house! ;(
5	I could eat at Carly's every single day of my life and still never get tired of it. I am amazed at the wide array of drinks that they offer as well as the extensive food menu that offers vegetarian friendly items.Sandwiches, salads, soups...it doesn't seem like a complicated menu, however it is very unique. Some of the sandwich combinations are things I would have never thought of in a million years, yet they are extremely tasty and fully of flavor. I am very partial to the Turkey Melt, but the boy I'm crushing on is allergic to poultry, so when I go with him I will stick to the Pear or the Caprese. The art is always changing in here! Every time you step foot into this place it looks entirely different, because the art is from a new artist they are featuring. You can buy the artists' work, if you please. I love looking at all of the works done by different artists around phoenix, it sort of gives me inspiration when I paint myself.Anyway, Carly's is in my top 5 places to go... if you can top that Turkey Melt I will be thoroughly shocked.
3	While the ambiance was artsy and cool, the rest was good but not astounding. If you're in the area it's worth stopping by and giving it a try. The drink options were interesting, the menu looked great. The food presentation could have been better (yes, I like my food to look pretty!), but it still tasted great. The biggest downside was the service. They may have been short staffed (not sure), but the wait was extremely long. The restaurant is also a bit hard to find if you don't already know where it is.All in all, I enjoyed my meal and may return if the stars lined up. Not sure if I'd go out of my way to visit again.
4	At one time in downtown Phoenix,there was ONLY Carlys. We didn't have many choices. Now with more choices, Carlys has upped the ante. How? Breakfast!A great sit-down brunch menu on the weekends. Now I can say ha ha ha to you who wait in line for breakfast, I'll be at Carlys getting good service, fresh egg smoked salmon and other kinds of sandwiches and such...including yogurts.If they had drip coffee and not just coffee by the cup barrista style I'd give it 5 stars, but their Americano is a huge cup and it's strong enough for two cups of drip...and 4 cups of IHOP drip.
4	One day I just got off the lite rail and we walking around Phoenix and found this spot. I ordered up an ice cold beer and looked over the menu and order up the Santa Fe sandwich - Warm roast beef, chipote mayo, green chili & swiss served on an onion challah roll. I ended up splitting it with my friend they were cool and served it to us on different plates with the sides as well. The meal was really good friendly staff and just a fun place to chill and have a good meal and a beer.
5	I come here for lunch and dinner a few times a month (well maybe a little more frequently than that now)! The menu is simple, but the sandwiches are prepared perfectly and they have the best bloody marys in all of phoenix! Service is usually fast and friendly (unless you go on first Friday, then it's a nuthouse).
4	10 PM on a Saturday night is rarely a good time to find delicious grub, but Carly's was definitely up to the task. Drinks: try the Bloody Mary, it's the best I've had in town, and I KNOW my Bloody Mary's. Food: I had the Cheese Dip Sampler which consisted of the Feta Rosa and the Artichoke dip. The pita seemed fresh, and tasted delicious. The Feta Rosa is super yummy, but only for those that have a love affair (like I do) with Feta cheese and Garlic. And the Artichoke Dip was delightful and definitely spicy, a nice take on an old favorite.My complaint: the service was a bit sassy and slow. And it's a *teeny* bit hipster, so if that aggravates you, try to get past it, because the food is worth it. Especially if you drink a bloody mary ;)
3	The owner is this Australian transplant with dreads. He calls everyone "love", sometimes he's a grump. But you know... if you're nice to him, then he'll be nice to you. Local art is on the walls and the tables. Parking is in back. Once you know where it is and where to park you're golden. You might want to google map it if it's your first time. They're known for their hummus trio appetizer, and yeah it's ta-a-a-sty. Personally, I'd rather get the brie wedge. It comes with walnuts, dried cranberries, and relish on the side. They put warm toasted baguette slices right on top of the brie. Then the brie melts perfectly into the nuts and fruit it's sitting on. Just divine! Happy hour you get that brie appetizer half off (what like four bucks?) and a dollar off your wine. Done and done. They've let me read an entire novel here before as I worked on my cheese and wine. No rush vibe.(And yeah, it's a little on the trendy side. Be and be seen if that's your thing.)
5	The one thing I hated about Carly's Bistro was the selection being so good I had the hardest time deciding which sandwich to order. Really, though. So many sounded so perfect at the moment that it took me until the end of everyone else's order to finally decide, and I even asked the waitress for her opinion. I went with the Prosciutto and Pear, which was absolutely delicious.The Hummus trio appetizer was no joke, either. Great stuff.The only actual drawbacks to the atmosphere of the restaurant were perhaps the noise level, (there was a DJ in there, and he played excellent music) but I guess we were sitting directly in front of the speakers. The other little discrepancy might be the lighting -- it seemed a little dark. But at the same time, it had more of a lounge feel, like we were in a dim hangout with music playing, and we just happened to be eating dinner.No matter what the drawbacks, however negligible, the delicious food and excellent service trumps all. I was very disappointed not to have the opportunity to eat there again on my trip.I'll most definitely come back.
5	I love me some Carly's! I first found out about carlys a few years back randomly stopping in on a first friday. Since then I make their food a staple of my downtown diet. The beer selection is rad, the sandwiches are delicious and its just a cool place to relax and catch up with some friends.
4	Good beer on tap, delicious sandwich (The Pear is a favorite), and rotating art shows. Also a few nights with live music. I tend to pass by this place on first friday as it gets a bit crowded, but other than that, I have no complaints about this restaurant. Chill vibe, and tasty treats, whats not to love.
5	Great beer and food. They feature local artists and I've found some great pieces.
1	The waiter last night sucked a big one. 08/05/2011 I'll never go back. Too bad because its just around the corner from me and we used to be regulars.
4	I love the roasted red pepper spread and the beer selection!
3	Three stars means medium ground - not bad, not mind-blowing.I've had hit and miss experiences at Carly's.  I like the idea, (often) the art, the food and the drinks.  I've had mixed experiences with their servers / bartenders though.  On one specific occasion, after a lengthy bicycle ride, two of us stopped here for a beer.  The place was empty; only 2 other people were in there, with 2 or 3 people serving + cooks.  We tried a table for ~4 minutes - no one asked if we wanted anything.  We moved to the bar, assuming the bartender would ask us what we wanted - sat there for another ~3 minutes.  Finally we ordered some beers.  The waitress who was getting our drinks held on to one of the bottles of beer while she continued a conversation with the bartender for at least a minute.  It was a lot to invest for a simple beer.I've had other good, bad and mediocre experiences.  The place is often loud, with a mix of good and bad music.  The thing Carly's really has going for it is the fact that they're open late, every day, and serve food late.  I still come here from time to time, but there are things that make me a little evasive.  Reverse-happy-hour is neat.  I'd recommend staying away from the cheese quesadilla - it's *very* small.  You think the price is great!  But then it's a full tortilla folded in half.
4	The service is always terribly slow but the food is great and the happy hour prices on appetizers are irresistible. I want to bathe in the mediterranean bruschetta.
2	I have walked by this place dozens of times so was looking forward to finally trying it on the suggestion of a friend.  I got there first and after standing at the door, looking for eye contact with someone who might indicate if I could seat myself, or needed to wait...and not succeeding...I finally seated myself.  While waiting for the waiter, I noticed that there was a happy hour special.  So when he finally came over, which took longer than I would have expected, given that it really wasn't all that busy, he pointed out that this special had ended 3 minutes before I asked.  I pointed out that had he come to my table a little more promptly I might have been able to indulge in that special, but he did not offer to extend it.  I was tired after having a long day at work and rather than make a fuss I chose not to order a second beer (they would have gotten more money out of me with that second beer than they did nickel and diming me over happy hour)...and to write this review.My friend's soup and my simple salad also took a long time to prepare, given the few number of customers in the place at the time we were there.Maybe I'd be more tolerant of this level of customer service on a less stressful day, but I don't think I'll be going back to find out.
4	Nice, hip secret locale for gourmet sandwiches and good beer choices. The place always feels a little dirty-- which i think is their intent. This is a nice little place if you want to grab a quick bite to eat and a drink before an event downtown.
1	I lived down the street from Carly's for 5 years and only managed to go there once. That was one salty, miserable biddy at the bar and from what I could see, that's the kind of trick they always like to hire. I am not trying to have an adversarial relationship with someone who is bringing me drink and food. Place reeks of the famous Phoenix snarkiness.... F that!
4	Had some late afternoon meetings here this week and enjoyed the place.It could use a bike rack, which actually isn't a quibble any more.Had a baked brie-based appetizer one day and shared an antipasto the next.  Roasted peppers and sun dried tomatos - delicious.  Breads - very good.  Pesto - rich.  Service - attentive, allowed us to linger for hours during the 'tween time.Another non-quibble - the coffee is boring.Overall Carlys deserves fan-hood based on these two experiences.
3	Great drinks, great atmosphere - food's good.  I gave it a 3 out of 5 because I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to be there but it's a great place to be once you are there.
5	Yummy, fun, and a cool spot to get some appetizers before bar hoping.
4	Out-of town visitor.  Used to attend ASU, so I'm more familiar with that area.  Last Friday night, arrived in town late and decided to take the light rail downtown from my hotel about 2 miles north.  I knew going into it that downtown Phoenix isn't exactly hopping...but at 10pm at night, it was impossible to find dinner.  Yelp saved the day on this one.  I was able to find Carly's Bistro, which was a short distance away from where we were at the time, using my iPhone app.  Based on the reviews, I was expecting, well, a diner.  Not a cool, funky restaurant like Carly's Bistro.  My boyfriend and I shared the cheese plate and the meatball dish.  The meatball dish was a late-night special and I would not recommend it.  The cheese plate was good, it was mild for our standards so even the non-adventurous type could eat it.  The beer was delicious and the bonus was the late-night happy hour pricing ($1 off draft beer).  Carly's definitely saved our night!  Also, the service was attentive.
3	As part of our food day weeks. we arrived to this place. Our group grew from 4 to almost 15 persons. Food is ok, the bruscheta that I ordered was more like toasted bread with the additional things. The best deals seem to be the gyros or sandwiches. The missing star is because our server found it too complicated to do separate checks, even when we asked him before and tried to merge some checks. The fact that they go under stress makes the experience less enjoyable.
2	A lot of the old wait staff has either moved on or been let go...but, my most recent experience there was so lame that I doubt that I'll return. More than the food, quality of service and hospitality are more important to me, and that was the environment I was used to at Carly's. Sadly, I usually turn down offers to eat there because of this, even though I miss their meatball sub and all of their salads.
3	I am not going back here again, poor selection of food for the vegetarians. The ones they had though were either lacking in variety or were small portions.  I am a big lover of Bloddy mary and I didnt like their bloddy mary, which was apparently a phoenix winner in 2010 or something. It was way too watered down and despite my request to make a better one the next time, it came out the same way. was disappointed with the bloddy mary especially. Out waiter wasnt very helpful either when it came to suggestions regarding food or drinks.
1	I'm getting annoyed with Carly's. I work in the area, so I typically make a take out order with them on days where I forgot to pack a lunch. The service is always just average. I don't mind dealing with it.. I always order the same exact thing. So today I place an order for my usual, only to be told they dont make it at that time, only brunch. (funny, because I ALWAYS order this. At THIS time.) I said that and the girl acted like she'd be bending backwards to accomodate me but would do it "this time" even though it's on the kids/sides menu and they are not supposed to do those items to go. *eye roll* We're talking a simple sandwich with ham and cheese. Whatever. Perhaps they should make a list of acceptable items they'd like to receive money for? Who's the customer here? That debaucle out of the way I go to pay for my food. I dont carry cash so I pull out my debit card, like always. The girl says, "oh, just so you know, there's normally a $5 limit for card purchases. We'll do it just this once though." Sorry I've been so inconvenient for you Carly's. I'll take my debit card elsewhere. (especially since the food is not worth a fight anyways)
4	Carly's is a mainstay of the downtown area. Carly's was here and popular among the locals way before this recent downtown Phoenix renaissance. They have a full bar, are open late, and have live music most nights. It's a cozy spot to have a snack and a drink, or to meet friends. You won't have a phenomenal mind-blowing dinner here, but you won't be disappointed either. It's a reasonably priced soup, salad, and sandwich type of place. I personally always get the nicoise salad and sometimes the nutella croissant for desert. I probably go here once a month because it's such an important part of this neighborhood and because this establishment supports local artists by allowing them to perform their music and hang their art here.
3	Carly's is a solid 3 start joint.Most of the food here I can easily make at home. The feta rosa is really really delicious though. The live music here can be a little much sometimes. Especially when it's 5 pm on a Monday and a trumpet is blaring in your ear when you're trying to enjoy your Carly-Q. It makes having a conversation literally impossible, unless you want to get laryngitis.I like that they have their $2 (or maybe its $3 now?) rotating draft. But it's almost always either Session or Kronenbourg. If you live downtown it's totes worth checking out.
2	Cute but that is where it ends.  I ended up at the diner because my friend and I wanted a place to get a quick bite and perhaps a glass of wine before a movie.  I have driven by several times and must admit i was curious so i was anticipating finally being able to go.  The place is def cute enough as well as cozy.  I was there during at an in between time so there was no band to mention.  The seating is quaint and i really liked the raspberry red walls.  From a looks standpoint it is a 4 star in my opinion.  I personally liked the menu choices.  There was a lot to choose from and the some choices were somewhat unique.  We got an anti-pasta plate - good; a cheese pizza paninni (or something like that) - alright; and a pear salad - not all that, it was lacking in flavor. We also ordered wine.  I assume we were limited to the wine on the list we were offered so we ordered Moscatto - bad.  So the star of the night was the anti-pasta.  I was tasty, generous in size and had a good variety to sample from. The main reason I gave this 2 stars was because of the waiter/bartender/whatever.  He was not attentive at all.  We had to get his attention for the basics: napkins, plates to eat our food on...extra napkins because he only gave us one. Never did come by to see if we were ok.  I can almost say he went out of his way to not make eye contact that much so he can just do whatever it was he was doing.  He seemed to be a different person at the bar from what I observed.  He was interacting with the 2 couples at the bar and seemed to have a pleasant attentive attitude.  But he did seem to come to life during the last 10 minutes when it was time to pick up the bill.  Go figure.  In all fairness maybe I happend to go there at a bad time, who knows.  I may never know because I don't see myself making plans to go out of my way to go back.  If I end up there again it will be the same accidental unplanned way as it was for this visit.
4	Drinks & appetizers, that's my advice.I like their beet salad..but the green beans are raw (or always undercooked?) and they make the salad annoying to chew/eat every time, otherwise that salad is one to try.
3	They have a wonderful selection of beers, wines, and liquor. The food is good, but some things I've gotten were a little overpriced for the portion.My favorite Item is the Carly-Q sandwich. Really good roast beef, good barbecue sauce and a delicious horseradish sauce. I also really enjoy their meatball sub, but this is one of those items that's a little expensive for how small it is. I also wish they had more options for your side items.The table service I've gotten here has been good, but most of the time the bar service is slow and not very inviting.It's a good place to take people from out of town if you're downtown showing them the sights. It's also a good place to get brunch on a Sunday. They were voted Best Bloody Mary's in Phoenix.Ambience- 4Quality of food- 4Quality of service- 3Price- 3
1	The dude with the dreadlocks is annoying and rude. I stopped going there just because of him. I advised my friends to do the same. The menu is okay though. Nothing groundbreaking or inspired.
5	LOVE CARLYS!! Sandwiches are delish! Get the Orzo with your sandwich, you won't be disappointed. Bruschetta is the best and you can get two kinds for only $10! Hummus is yummy too! Great beer choice and perfectly made Bloody Marys. Vibe is chill. Servers are very nice.
5	Unique, QUALITY eats at reasonable prices, along with good staff and a great bar.I was immediately drawn to the shelf of wine bottles at the bar. Tons of stuff I haven't seen in other surrounding establishments, available by the glass. Since I was feeling like a wuss, I ordered the sangria. Turned out ordering a sangria is pretty manly, as this packed a wallop. I had to sip on it with the amazing snack I had...apples, heated brie, walnuts, raisins, all on some toasty bread I'm too gauche to spell correctly. Ooh! Let's not forget the sweet onion relish. It was a little bit cumbersome trying to eat a stack of these ingredients, but it was totally worth it when all the flavors came together.This is like the third or fourth time I've been here. All others were during First Friday, and it had a dive bar feel then. I like.
4	Sammiches are always delicious, love the music. had live jazz last time i was there. Big fan.  I will say the first time we went here  we weren't  sure if we sat ourselves or were seated by someone because we weren't greeted so what seemed like a couple of awkward minutes just standing by the door, I think we just sat ourselves.
4	Awesome sandwiches!!!! Good healthy variety.
4	New update:  Carly's has become my to go lunch place away from downtown.  I've gotten really sick of eating at the Butcher (The arrogant butcher that is) and now I like coming here for a pannini or salad.  The orzo salad always needs a bit more salt, but if you get a side of their really tasty balsamic vinagrette (which tastes good on basically everything) you'll be fine.  Oh, I also always order the pannini on focaccia rather than the ciabatta as the ciabatta can get a little too hard or overcrisped for my taste.  For brunch, its still meh.
5	I've been to Carly's a few times now. I really like coming here before Diamondback baseball games since it's so close to chase field and filing up on great food. I usually get the same thing, Southwest Chicken Sandwich (It's too good to try something else!) The panini bread is made fresh, locally and if I remember correctly it's organic. Some of the best bread I have ever had. The chicken is full of flavor and the toppings are always fresh. I also LOVE hummus and can be pretty critical with it. The hummus here is pretty tasty too!
5	If you are near the airport (coming or going) this place is worth a stop, morning noon or night.There was a large group from a nearby convention in the restaurant while we were there for a late morning brunch on a Sunday, and Carly and crew handled it all in stride.The food was excellent, chorizo breakfast burrito and chicken panini. I also had the bloody Mary and it was spicy and tasty!
5	Is this place a bit shady looking?  Yes.Is the walk from downtown look like a desolate scene from Breaking Bad?  Yes.Should you not give a shit about either of the previous questions?  Yes.Would I make a trip to Phoenix just to go to Carly's?  Probably not...but...I would come damned close.  Not really knowing the area, we took a leap of faith and made our way to Carly's.I gotta say, I love these types of places.  Good people working hard to get me piss drunk and filled up on delicious eats.The bloody mary was about as strong as my left quad (which is freakishly strong by the way) and the selection of sandwiches was as lengthy as it was creative. Having a two piece live band playing in the background was perfect.So ignore any shady-ness...put on your walking shoes and get over to Carly's ASAP.  Get to Carly's before FoodNetwork or Travel channel ruins it for you.Explorer.
3	I used to hate Carly's.  I couldn't see the appeal.  The service is always abysmally slow.  The seasonal tap is always empty - half the time the servers don't even know what it is supposed to be filled with.  The food is... okay.  A few of the sandwiches are really good, but the vegetarian and vegan options are pretty bland - when I started eating meat again, I started liking the food here a lot more.The place has grown on me the past couple years, though.  They've started hiring some pretty good musicians.  The food has been stepped up a little bit.  Unlike the Lost Leaf or Roosevelt, the place is big enough to accommodate a healthy crowd without making conversation impossible.I guess I now feel that Carly's is A-OK.  Accept the fact that they aren't trying particularly hard, and you'll be able to enjoy the convenience and relatively low price of it all.
5	great sandwiches, great hummus and a great place for lunch at a reasonable price.
4	Contrary to some of the reviews I've seen posted, my experience with the wait staff was rather good. There were two servers in duty during lunch; both friendly and attentive. Maybe the tide has turned!The Tomato Bisque was VERY flavorful and came with two small-ish pieces if Garlic Bread which were fine, but didn't wow me. I'd also give the Greek Salad two thumbs up. Many restaurants show no restraint with the dressing and drown it in overpowering grease. Carly's was light and just enough to coat the delicate greens. While I've never seen pickled onions on a Greek salad, I do love their full flavor.  But the stars of the salad were the Kalamata olives and green olives that were packed with pungent flavor.The Prosciutto sandwich (prosciutto, fig paste, provolone and Gorgonzola) was nearly a five-star sandwich. The flavor of the fig paste was very good although contained almost too much fig and drowned the sandwich in sweetness. The Orzo was the most disappointing part of the meal; it was too bland to be at all memorable. I sure hope they give this side dish a bit more thought and bring it to life.All in all I was happy with my Carly's Bistro experience. I hope to be back to visit sometime soon.
4	Carly's is right down the street from where I live, so we like to come here for a late-night snack. There is usually good parking in the back/along side streets.I have only ever sat in the small tables by the windows. At first you feel really cramped sitting there, with the wait staff trying to punch in orders at the little kiosk behind you, but then you get used to it and realize it's all part of the ambience.They have great late-night snack options, like grilled quesadillas and some wonderful pita bread with hummus. Totally hits the spot for a bread & cheese lover like me.They had a great jazz musician there the first night we went, which added to the urban feel. We tipped him because we liked it so much. The second time there was some sort of comedy slideshow presentation going on where half of the room was chuckling but the other half wasn't because we couldn't see the screen. But we just ignored it and carried on with our conversation.I can't attest to other times of the day, but I enjoy it as a late-night snack.
3	I visited Carly's for a weekday lunch when I was downtown for work. Here is the rundown:1) parking is horrid - common downtown, so take the lightrail (the stop is on Central and Roosevelt) or bring a fist full of quarters for the meter2) it is crowded! well it was when I was there3) the service was pretty good considering how swamped it was and I told the nice server I was in a hurry and she was able to take my order from soup to nuts in maybe 10 minutes even though their credit card machine was down4) I ordered a gyro and their orzo pasta salad, the gyro was mediocre and bland but the pasta was wonderfulI will definitely try Carly's again when I am not rushed, the interior is hipster, funky, low key and the staff was very friendly.
4	This review is for the drinks/ambiance only. I went here last night to get a drink and ended up hanging out for 2 hours! This place is very comfortable and a good 'chill' bar. It is not super dark or even very 'trendy' but they have good drinks and are a nice place to relax. I had the coffee and Bailey's (how can you mess that up?). It was very good! I like that they use Lux coffee....nice attention to detail. Our waitress was excellent. She was not overbearing, but always seemed to be there when we needed something. They had a great Jazz musician there who played a lot of different instruments. I liked that the music wasn't overbearing, it was at a good volume and was nice background music. I would definitely visit this bar again and would like to try the food.
3	Nice downtown boutique food
4	I love Carly's. But I love Carly's the most for a weekday dinner. If you come when it's super busy or on First Fridays it's not as enjoyable and you'll age 5 years before finding a parking spot.This is your average, trendy little bistro. Soup, salads, sandwiches, deeee-licious cocktails, and Passion Pit playing in the background. I like to get the caprese sandwich w/ a side or orzo and my favorite drink is coffee w/ Kahlua (or Bailey's - depending on my mood). They use coffee from Lux which is a huge plus for love-your-local enthusiasts like myself.The bill adds up after dinner, drinks, and tiramisu for dessert... but it's worth it.
4	Phenomenal sandwiches, I can't stress that enough.  Possibly my favorite lunch spot in Phoenix.  Also, it's a great place to stop by during first Friday's or whenever you're barhopping in downtown.Their beer selection is fairly solid too considering its such a small place, and you tend to appreciate the quaint, authentic Arizona look when you're inside.I'd recommend Carly's to anybody looking for an outstanding (and affordable) lunch.
4	i went to Carly's last weekend to meet up with friends and it was great to be back!  i used to live down town and used to go there often.  but since we've moved we have not been back for about 2 years!  shame on us!anyway, i didn't eat but i did consume several moscow mules which were the best i've had.  the gals behind the bar were awesome as usual and didn't seem to mind making my 4 mules!  thanks again ladies:)it was nice to be back down in that part of town and it was great to be back at carly's.  great people and great drinks and food.
3	"Mehhh" has never described a restaurant quite as well as it does Carly's. They can't seem to be able to land on a particular theme with the menu. I'm not real sure what you would categorize them as. Are they supposed to be wine bar, Mexican, Mediterranean, or bistro cafe; maybe you can decide? Find menu items like tomato bisque, quesadilla, cheese platters, olive plates, hummus, salads, gyros, barbeque sandwich, meatball sub, smoked salmon, figs and presciutto, buffalo chicken, and flat bread pizza's.I enjoy the ambiance of that downtown charm you can find at most every food spot on Roosevelt Row. Nice service with a friendly smile, an 'average' wait time between ordering and the arrival of food, and a large selection of beer and wine; although I didn't partake in these. It was lunch time after all. I went with the Southwest Chicken, but was looking for something with some added kick that day. I asked them to spice it up with some jalapenos, but they only had green chili - so I went with it. The sandwich itself was A-OK, but nothing really to write home about. Mom if you're reading this, I really wasn't intending on writing home - so stop reading. ;-)When the bill arrived, I was completely surprised to find they charged me an added $1 for the meager addition of green chili to an already $10 sandwich, making my total out the door with tax and tip close to $14. I cannot, in good faith, suggest anyone to come here with preference over another, I will let you reserve judgement for yourself should you decide to patronize. In my opinion the sandwich was way over priced at $14. Maybe I wouldn't have been so critical if my lunch was under $10 :-/Happy yelping Phoenix!
5	Love this place. Its just down home Phoenix action. Missing some of my old bartenders but the new ones are super nice.
4	I wound up here last night on the George and Dragon toga pub crawl and I'm happy to have finally come in here for the first time after living here for 5 years. God bless their souls to have 25-plus drunkards stumble in in togas-they were very patient and good-natured about everything.They have Full Sail on tap which I love. I also had the opportunity to look at what other people were eating and it all looked delicious.  It also has a nice atmosphere that doesn't quite feel like Phoenix.....but I can't put my finger on where it does feel like.Anyway, good time here and the staff and quality here make Carly's a local busienss well worth supporting.
5	Rarely do I have to go to a restaurant 3 times in one week just to make sure I wasn't dreaming about how delicious the food was. Carly's is a home run every single time. Chef Gabriel is doing magic in that kitchen: try the turkey-proscuitto-avacado sandwich for lunch or the unrealistically good meatball bowl. It's a bowl of meatballs - on special every reverse happy hour (10pm-12am)Oh, that's the other thing. Their regular happy hour (4-7) has made me a believer in Happy Hour again! INCREDIBLE 1/2 price menu items - like the hummus sampler which includes the best freshly made olive tapenade I've ever tasted. Carly's is the real deal!
3	Why does it always smell like bleach in here??  If your nose is sensitive to it, I do not recommend this place.  I really wish they'd switch to something else like hydrogen peroxide to clean with (less smell, comparable killing ability).Even so, the salads and sandwiches are flavorful and yummy...not necessarily the sides tho.  I'm not a big fan of chips or orzo salad.  I have to agree with another reviewer about the pear prosciutto sandwich...I don't eat meat that often, but if I come here I eat that one or the fig one.  My hubby loves getting a beer here and the hummus with olives.Trendy urbanite comfort food!
3	When you live in the hot desert, you get parched.  Carly's has the cure for  any kind of cottonmouth.  Mojitos, cheap beers, draft beers, coffee - if it's wet, they got it.  I've been to a lot of cold kitchens, and I have to say that Carly's does it better than most.  The hummus is kickin', the sandwiches are scrumptious, and the salads are put together better than anywhere else I've been too.  I take away two stars because on some nights, I've had to wait for over thirty minutes to get a menu and water.  It's too bad... a couple of years ago, CARLY's WAS THE BEST PLACE TO EAT IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX.  I wish they would start hiring younger go-getters and not bartenders that were fired from other restaurants.  Some of my friends would even go as far as to call this place "Snarly's".  It's funny, but not accurate.  Back to the grub... If you order the hummus, get it with veggies or bread instead of the terra chips.  You will run out of chips before you run out of hummus.  Orzo is highly underrated and Carly's knows this - they offer it as a side to any sandwich of their menu.  The portion is small, but the light feta sprinkles on the orzo will rock your world.
4	So, I finally made it to Carly's today while exploring downtown Phoenix.  It was such a beautiful day and I was in the area so I decided to head over for their happy hour.  Many of my friends have told me to visit Carly's since I moved here three months ago, but I have just not had the time until today.I must first start off by saying, my ears were welcomed at the door by this great group of guys who were having their regular Sunday jazz jam session.  OMG, they were so talented.  I really enjoyed the various ranges that they conquered and the eclectic covers that they choose to take on, ranging from Amy Winehouse to Miles Davis.  There was a hint of funk, blues, and R & B present as well, with one of their singers and guitarist belting out two very soulful songs with smooth beats.Moving to the bar, I was welcomed by this very cute and sweet bartender who was very observant and attentive.  Their happy hour is amazing with well drinks being $3.50 and 1/2 off of certain appetizers.  I had a well whiskey drink, which was made perfectly, strong enough and flavorful enough.  I also tried the Warm Brie, crustly bread, homemade apple relish, walnut, and dried cranberry appetizer, which created a culinary orgasm in my mouth (Yes, I am biting off of what Stuie on The Family Guy has said) lol.  Overall, my experience was amazing and I plan to go back again, maybe next Sunday for more cheap and delicious drinks, food, and jazz jam sessions!
5	I love this place!  The food is great, they are open late, they serve alcohol, and the atmosphere is chill and artsy.  They have great soups, salads, and sandwiches at a reasonable price.  Great place for a date.
4	Nice relaxed atmosphere and friendly, attentive waitstaff, Carly's bistro is a little gem in the middle of downtown Phoenix. They have an excellent and extensive beer menu. I ordered an oatmeal stout (Samuel Smith) to have with my Southwest chicken sandwich, and both were equally good. The stout went down nice and smooth, and the chicken sandwich was very tasty and spicy, having been served with a chipotle mayo condiment. Overall, my lunch was excellent, and I would definitely come here again. I highly recommend Carly's Bistro.
4	I love Carly's. it's got that lived in feel. Lots of rad faces every time you step in. Great eats, wonderful brew selection. Usually kickin live jams. What could be better? Oh and the staff is so hospitable. The food is damn good too. I love the olive app, greek salad, all of the sandwiches, but especially the proscuitto and the pear. And Carly's has a really good kids menu... Another good Sunday afternoon spot.
1	**full disclosure**i only came here for drinks, not the food. a group of us walked into carly's after our holiday lunch in order to grab some drinks and get our evening started. we were greeted with a look of disgust (we werent even rowdy!) and poor service. the place was empty save 2 other people but it took about 25 min to get our 4 beers and 2 cocktails. i was kind of disappointed because i really wanted to like the place. there was great music and it really had the potential to be a great hangout spot in the future.we left after we finished our 1 drink. sorry, Carly's. you really missed the mark.
5	This is the go to place for casual dinner and drinks in northern downtown/Roosevelt Row.  A bit run down (in a good way), you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in, to a hip vibe that lacks pretense.  Beautiful view of the city's skyline at night, and the live music nights can be fun although some are definitely better than others.  Oh, and they're open late with the kitchen serving food till 1 am on most nights. The drink list is quite extensive, and the bartenders know their stuff.  The food menu has some tasty and creative sandwiches, I recommend the pear, the prosciutto and fig, the southwest chicken, and be sure to try orzo side.
4	Delicious food, comfortable atmosphere, good drink selection, service can be hit or miss but one or two bad waitresses haven't ruined my love for this place.  I like the classic rock music normally playing, and whenever there's been a live band I've been impressed by their skills.
3	Carly's bistro is in an industrial area of Phoenix and great for those who want a quick sandwich or salad. The service was attentive. I picked a few wilted leaves out of the fig salad and I would recommend leaving off the chicken because it was naked and flavorless.
4	Fantastic & unique food, nice people. Laid back atmosphere. I was here on a Sunday night and there were only a few others eating & imbibing quietly. Just a nice cozy place, glad I stumbled upon it.
5	I can't say enough good things about Carly's. Their food is fresh and tasty. Their craft brew on tap is always a nice site. and on sundays you can enjoy a nice lunch while listening to some live jazz. Highly recommend!Try their feta rosa as an appetizer. so good!
4	Late night mid week food with some friends. Enjoyed the diverse menu. The food was great and the staff very nice. Definitely will go back.
4	The nutella croissant is such a treat!! The drinks are cheap, the people are relaxed, the food is gourmet enough to call gourmet, but not so much that you're paying beau coup bucks to enjoy an evening of tasty food and delightful drinks. I love Carly's-- it's become a downtown staple and I always visit whenever I come back into town and drag people who are visiting in with me!
5	Carly's has amazing food that's healthy and ever so slightly unusual.  Local art and live music remind you that you're not at a McRestaurant.  Carly's is my favorite place to eat downtown.
5	I've been coming to Carly's for the past 6 years so I figure it is time I write a review. I don't write many reviews but when I feel a place needs it I will write one.Carly's is my favorite place downtown to go after work.  I live in East Mesa so I don't ever have an opportunity to come on the weekends, but this is definitely my go to place before I head home.  Carly's is just like Cheer's to us, everyone knows our name and we get the best service just as if we were their own family.The food:  I  have  yet to find something I don't like.  Our personal favorite is the cheese dip sampler. It comes with feta rosa, and artichoke dip, served with chips and pita bread. Very good combo for our cocktails and just enough food for us to have before we head home.I always chuckle at poor reviews of a place that I know strives for excellence. I feel that our experiences many times are determined by our own expectations and attitudes.  I also know that if you mention something that you're unhappy with to either the manager or the owner herself, you will never have that experience a second time.  Good job Carly's for making your place such a great experience each and every time.
4	Went here today after visiting the farmer's market.  We had brunch and a few salty dogs (aka greyhound).  One menu item that I HAVE to mention is the hummus appetizer. This was one of the most flavorful types of hummus I have ever had.  Someone at our table mentioned that it had cheese in it?  I'm not too sure.  If I were the owner of this restaurant, I would NEVER let this recipe leave the vault!!  :)
4	I have only been here a few times for happy hour and I found a place close to work that has two of my favorite things. Bloody Mary's and hummus. I can't vouch for the rest of the food but I can tell you the BM's are amazing, and I'm extremely particular when it comes to BM's. Service is good and they have live music at night. Did I mention they have great BM's? Give it a try for happy hour and you won't be disappointed.
5	Stopped by here after my friend got a tattoo at Golden Rule and this food is amazing.  Their menu for lunch is pretty simple, a list of sandwiches and some appetizers.  My friend got a wrap and I got the Cuban along with some orzo pasta salad.  DELICIOUS! I don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews but it definitely hit the spot.
3	damn this place was packed last night, and it's not a big place to start off with. we arrived around 11pm after first friday with a party of 7. a server pointed us to a table and said if we didn't mind standing, we could all be served at the table. fine with us. our server was friendly and got our drink and food orders in pretty quick. i ordered the tuna melt. the crispy ciabatta bread was great, the tuna was not. it was dry and the fillings of the sandwich lacked any moisture or taste whatsoever. i was starving, so i mustered my way through the thing. a carafe of water was provided but we downed it quickly and it was never refilled. 5 stars for service, 2 for food.
2	It was a busy night on First Fridays and although it was full, our party of seven was accommodated with a standing table first and then moved to a table with seats when one opened up. Drink orders came fairly quickly although mine was forgotten and I had to inquire where it was. They have a big sandwich menu with a few vegetarian options. I ordered the Tuscan. I liked that the bread was toasted nicely, but the raw spinach inside made it difficult to eat. Each time I took a bite, the spinach pulled everything else out of the sandwich. Probably would have been better if it was cooked first. I opted for chips as a side which were scant.My sister ordered the pita pizza-which didn't come with any sauce so she had asked for a little side of marinara. Unfortunately, a charge for $2.50 appeared on the bill for that little cup of sauce. I can buy a whole jar of Ragu for $1.59 so this was a little ridiculous and she wasn't told ahead of time about the charge.Service was friendly. I liked that she offered ahead to split checks by party. It would have been nice to get some water refills though, this is a restaurant must for me. Overall I wasn't impressed enough to return.
3	We enjoyed our experience here. The food was good as well as the service. Enjoyed the jazz.
4	Came here on a Sunday and I must say it was a success! Loved the brunch specials they had! Service was really friendly and always on top of what we needed. Also loved the relaxed vibe of the place. Would definitely come back to this spot.
4	Great laid back place for lunch or a light dinner.  Their chicken pesto sandwich was excellent and love their hummus.  Perfectly fits in with the arts scene on Roosevelt.
5	Carly's, my dear friend...  Many a night have you been there for me and my dear family.  A pear sandwhich?  Of course.  A cocktail while I wait?  What would you like?  Brunch with out of town guests?  What should I prepare?Seriously, Carly's is our neighborhood's relable, go-to, place to eat PLUS they have a great drink selection AND great service.  You should make Carly's your friend too.
4	Super good food, fun atmosphere!
5	I have yet to have a bad experience here.  Oh wait, I was here once while ill, but I can't blame that on them.Each time I come I try something different and I've not been disappointed yet.  Their Feta Rosa is excellent.  The live music is always great and the servers are cheerful and cute.I've worn my "bearded for her pleasure" shirt here and I think it actually got me better service!
3	decent veggie wrap and solid neighborhood bar
4	Stopped in for a cold beer after a bike ride. What a great little spot! they had a bunch of drink specials and the menu looked awesome. Next time, i'll check out the food.
4	Chill vibe good food! Yup this is in my hood and yup it's a great repeat go to local place.
4	I stopped here with a few friends for a late night dinner last Third Fridays, and was rather impressed!It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is well arranged and even has a little stage for music performances. (There was a jazz musician there playing music while we ate. It was rather beautiful.)I wasn't very hungry, so I ordered a quesadilla with chorizo. It was rather large for being under $5, which left me impressed.Unfortunately, the waitress forgot to mention that they don't accept debit cards for orders under $5. Thankfully, one of my friends spotted me $5, so there wasn't an issue there.Two of my friends got the soup of the night and a sandwich, and both were rather good!I'll definitely go back when I'm more hungry and order something larger and more exciting than a quesadilla.
4	We stopped by for brunch, I love this place.  They have great Bloody Mary's and for me that alone is worth the trip.  I recommend their lox plate if you are a fan of lox, they have a great creme and the bread is awesome.  I really can suggest anything on that menu on Sunday's.
5	I LOVE Carly's! The atmosphere and Sunday Brunch and live jazz. The Tuna salad sandwich was absolutely delicious! It's an intimate venue so it's great for brunch with your spouse/significant other or friends. Love the live entertainment and service was great and friendly!
5	If you want excellent service during a first fridays events, this is your place.  Centrally located.
4	My first experience here was an ok one.  It was on a day when there was a live jazz band playing, which were phenomenal.  Since moving to the area Carly's Bistro has become one of my local favorites.  I find myself coming back time and again for lunch or dinner.  I love this place so much because even though it has more of a bar feel than a restaurant they have some amazing food.  The place itself is a bit small but that is part of its charm.  The smallness of it gives the place a cozy feel. He wait staff recognizes their regular patrons and are just as friendly to new comers. The menu is limited to mainly appetizers, salads and sandwiches.  Thus far I haven't tried one item that I haven't liked.   My favorite appetizer is the feta rosa The combination of feta cheese and red peppers into a humus style dip is a tantalizing tasty experience everyone should have at least once.  Served with warm flat bread slices, I find a lot of times that I have this alone for dinner.  My favorite sandwich thus far has been the turkey melt. Not your average sandwich.  Served with turkey, Swiss, avocado, and red peppers served panini style.  Sometimes I think there are a few too many slices of meat on the sandwich but the veggies add a perfect compliment to this sandwich. This place is refreshing in that they do not offer the traditional fries with your sandwich but rather offer chips, salad, or orzo. My favorite hands down is the orzo. If your ever downtown and looking for a chill quieter place to have a couple of drinks or a small meal I highly recommend checking out Carly's.
4	I just recently moved down to this area from the burbs. I was taken here on my first friday that I've been too since living down here. I must say, it was busy as shit. But we stopped in here for a beer before we hit the town. I really enjoy it so I decided to walk here the next day for a late lunch\dinner. I walked in, ordered a sangria and a grilled chicken sandwich with chips. Read some of my book I brought, very relaxing and calm. The food was great, next I ordered a bloody mary, probably the best bloody I've ever had, it's $7 and HUGEEEEEE. Great place, food n drinks.
4	I took away a star because you took those pizzas I like off the menu.  Put them back and I will return your star unharmed.
3	Went with friends to Carly's Sunday evening, have to say I have walked by Carly's many of times during 1st Fridays but have never stopped by, and seems like a nice lil local bar. Nothing fancy, but not really a dive either. Our server was nice and friendly. I ordered the anti-pasta plate because I wanted something to nosh on, it was alright, it didn't wow me thought. I also ordered the Chocolate Espresso Martini and let me tell you , that was a great lil drink! Loved it!  My friend ordered the Cuban sandwich and he enjoyed it.   Glad to have given Carly's a try!
3	Maybe I'd have to give this place another try...? I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with the orzo pasta. WORST sandwich I've ever put in my mouth. They used pre-cooked/pre-packaged chicken (the kind with the fake grill marks). Something about the sauce or something in the sandwich tasted like chalk or paste. Orzo salad was fine.This place got 3 stars just because I like the atmosphere- divey and arty but I probably would just come for drinks next time.
4	If you're downtown, Carly's is kind of the staple. The first time you go, its absolutely imperative that you play the "interpret the piece of art hanging behind the bar" game. You'll get it wrong, thats not the point, its just a fun game to play.. But be creative about it and not racist. 2nd, Carly's always has some fun live jazz playing, typically just a single saxophonist, maybe a dual or trio tops, but its always nice to have in the ambiance. The people that go to Carly's are awesome, so the crowd is always fun and never full of any pretentious people. Who ever you meet or just sit around will always be pleasant and that is a huge important quality to me when it comes to places to get a cocktail or dinner. I for one have ironically never actually eaten here, I always end up just doing cocktails after dinner, which I certainly recommend everyone do at least once - but lets be honest. You'll frequent this place.
5	The music & waitress were both enjoyable & the food is amazing!! I had the pear sandwich so bomb! Nice beer selection too. Might come back for the live jazz on Friday nights. I'm gonna try the Moa pilsner next time.
4	Great lunch spot!Their paninis are comparable to Pomo (not as large, but with more meat and stuff inside of them).  I love their side salad of greens in a simple balsalmic vinaigrette dressing.  Service is friendly and quick.  Can't ask for much more in a lunch place.It didn't get 5 stars because the interior could use updating.  I guess they are going for that Roosevelt "artsy" grungy vibe.
4	This is a cute little spot in between midtown and downtown, and perfect for lunch.  A group of us yelpers stopped in last week and really enjoyed the food. Carly's is nothing fancy, but our meals came out quickly and our server was very attentive. There were a ton of options for vegetarians, but I went with the grilled cheese and tomato soup, and substituted the prosciutto for avocado. The sandwich was very good, and the tomato soup was decent. Nothing to rave about, but at least it was homemade and it served as a good dip for my delicious sandwich.  Other's ordered their salads which looked very tasty, and they didn't skimp on portion sizes at all.
4	I've always seen Carly's during the first Friday strolls but never had the chance to stop inMost first Fridays it's super packed so I opt for food trucksWent here last night (11/27) because it was the only place serving food late on a semi holiday nightUpon walking in, we noticed that we had just missed the live music which we were kinda sad about because my friend and I live for live music...We got to choose our own table and there were people there, but it wasn't too packed, which was a good thing Our server was very nice and probably knew that it was our first time so she handed us menus, took our drink orders, and filled us in on the menu a bitMy friend tried the whiskey sangria, which was very, very yummyAnd I got a whiskey sour, because I had never had one and wanted to try It was good, it was pretty much what I was expectingMy date and I wanted to split something but we basically ended up getting our own sandwichesThe Cuban sandwich was really goodI love Cuban sandwiches and Carly's provided a great CubanIt came with chips and a pickle which went well with they plateOur service was very good for that time of nightShe was very friendly and kept out drinks a pourin... All in all, such a great experience at Carly's. I will be back eventually to try more food and drinks but especially for the late night vibe... Check it out!
3	I am in love with the sandwiches here.  The Smoked Salmon Sandwich is to die for and the seasonal drink menu is always fun to try.  It's a great little place for meeting up with friends but the service is sub par.  Every time I am there, no matter how busy the restaurant is, I find myself and the other people I am with disappointed in the attitude of the waiters and how long it takes them to greet you, take your order, and bring the check.  It's always an uncomfortably long time.  It seems like they never check in to see if you need another drink either.  I only wish the staff was more attentive and less busy chatting behind the bar area.
5	Love love love love this place. We just love this place.I started coming to Carly's two years ago now, and over the last year I probably have dinner here twice a month at least. My girlfriend works a few blocks away, so anytime we're doing anything in Central Phoenix in the evenings we come here for dinner first. Come before 7pm to get the happy hour specials. A buck off beers and half price appetizers are the way to go. I always get the Dale's Deviant Ale and my lady gets a margarita that is usually pretty strong and tasty. We order the Feta Rosa and Artichoke dip both and then split them. The bread is really crunchy so consider ordering all pita with these. If you want more food, then try the Pork Torta. It's to die for. When we only do apps & drinks, we're out the door for two people under $20.The ambiance is casual, hipster. The servers have always been very nice to us. Sometimes there is live music that isn't too loud. The parking here is easy (park behind if there's nothing out front). The bathrooms are artsy and there is always art from local artists all over the walls. Stop by and try it out. Come before 7 during happy hour. Skip it if it's the first Friday of any month as this place is slammed then.
4	Great food but it's always SO cold inside. That's the main deterrent for me - doesn't matter how much I bundle up. Good for late night eats.
5	This is a favorite spot downtown for great service, beer and food.  The happy hour specials are fantastic.  They have a wonderful beer selection.  And hands-down  the best tasting fully loaded Bloody Mary ( won Best of Phoenix).
4	Loooooooooooooove it.This charming place in the heart of downtown Phoenix is a great spot whether you're by yourself, with friends, or even on a little romantic date night.  From the appetizers to the drinks, entrees and music there really isn't a bad item. (at least not one I have experienced)The Feta Rose is one of my favorite items on the menu! Feta happens to be one of my favorite cheeses and sometimes it can be a little over-powereing but their blend of feta, roasted red pepper and garlic is perfection!And if you need a little pick-me-up but don't want to rely solely on hard liquor or soda, I HIGHLY recommend the Wide Eyed Pumpkin.  This has to be one of the most delicious iced coffee drinks I've ever had.  If I remember correctly, it is made with espresso, Rumchatta, and Pumpkin Pie vodka. (Or something similar to it, anyway) I ordered 2 of them the first time I tried it and I will ALWAYS go back for another.They also have a great happy hour with half off appetizers (which includes the Feta Rose!) and $3.50 Wells from 4pm - 7pm.I'm already looking forward to the next time I'm able to stop in. Great place!
5	Hungry? Thirsty? Their menu is packed with fresh salads, sandwiches and wraps that are sure to impress. Oh, and they have a ton of good drink specials including cocktails and local beers. It's almost hidden but sure to impress. Cheers!
5	Girlfriend and I stopped in as newbies from Denver.  We had the Pear and the Pork Torta and if you are a cliff notes person:  AWESOME!The pear was prepared great and we loved it.  We have had similar stuff in Denver but the balsamic really set this one off.Now the Pork Torta is the one that truly blew us away...the best way for me to describe it is a Cuban on steroids.  It was perfectly smokey and spicer than a Cuban and the Torta bread bun was perfect.   This is a must have for anyone going to Carly's.Finally we shared the Nutella croissant....to be honest (and I hope my girlfriend never reads this) it was better than Sex!!! Only thing better would have been to have it during but that maybe TMI!!Overall this place was amazing and a must go to for anyone downtown!!!
2	A group of some coworkers and myself ordered the gyros and a few other little things. The gyros are pathetic and nothing special for the price they charge there was hardly any meet. I think if you combined all of the meat from the 4 gyros you might have one descent size gyro. The meat wasn't that great either. The humus was pure salt. I have had 10 times better and more food for half of what they charge for one simple gyro. One thing that was good was the chips and that is why it isn't 1 star. Their chips are pretty dam good.
4	Food with an artsy twist!Me and my co-workers eat here regularly, and it is always good food.  They have some interesting combinations on menu, and all are good.A word of warning though...They put their own spin on everything they make, so enjoy it for what it is, and do not spend your lunch trying to compare to other places, for they are in their own class.  For example, they last time I was in I ordered the Gryos sandwich.  At first glance, I looked at this pita stuffed with only a few strips of meat and what appeared to be an over abundance of vegetables.  After diving into it, I quickly learned to appreciate the sandwich for the art it was.  The flavors were well balanced and every little ingredient complemented the others in a very palate pleasing way.For the little kid in you, try the Grown-up Grilled Cheese Sandwich which comes with a cup of tomato soup that is not what you grew up with.  The soup is lighter than you would assume with a very bright tomato  taste and a good balance of herbs and spices.  The sandwich is a decent blend of cheeses with something they call proscuitto bacon, and the sandwich is good, however, as any good italian (or cook) will tell you, proscuitto is meant to be served cold or at room temperature (with very few exceptions), and in my opinion, this use fails where a simple piece of regular bacon would shine.
4	Seriously one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had. Came in from San Diego for First Fridays.  Went to the Lost Leaf, the headed over to Carly's.  Ordered a Bloody Mary, then ordered another one, and another.  Serious meal in a jar.  And these Bloody Mary's are only $7...in San Diego you'd pay $15 for the same drink.  I ended up going back the next night for another round.  Spicy and delicious!
4	Although the beer list isn't pages long it is quality; solid Trappist selections and some local fare as well. The menu has some nice salads and sandwiches and the hummus is great as well. Service has always been consistently great. I'll be back for sure.
5	Carly's is and has been one of my go-to default restaurants now for almost two years. The menu is always solid, the wait staff is on top of everything, the food is fresh and tasty; it's a very solid place. The happy hour does, in fact, make you happy ( get the Trio, and put that tapenade in your face.) stop reading this and just go.
5	How have I not reviewed Carly's yet? Serious oversight on my part.  Carly's is awesome.  Let me make it clearer:  AWESOME Oh wait, you need to know why...Two words: JAZZ BRUNCH!  They have live jazz music for brunch.  Classy! Ok so if you can't make it to brunch because you don't get out of bed before 4, then you must try their caprese sandwich which will make an amazing late lunch or early dinner.  I seriously day dream about this sandwich.  I like it even more than their smoked salmon with creme fraiche and capers - which is my brunch go to.  Actually maybe it's a tie. I can't decide. I was here a week ago for first Friday and had their prickly pear margarita which was amazing!  Also their wait staff are all really nice and friendly and make sure you get what you need when you need it and they are super apologetic if they make you wait more than three nano seconds for anything,  which is completely unnecessary but it's refreshing to hear because some other places I no longer frequent have horrible service.  (I've withheld names to protect the innocent.)Why are you still reading this? You should be going to Carly's.
4	This was my first visit to Carly's and definitely not my last. However, I think a Vegan probably cried somewhere when I scrutinized the Vegan wrap by adding turkey. I guess that should be called the rebel Vegan wrap. However, it was incredibly delicious! Carly's does a great job with their flavor and freshness. It was obvious with each bite that the food is made fresh and the ingredients are even fresher. My Vegan (or rebel Vegan) wrap had hummus, lettuce, peppers, cucumbers, turkey (the non-Vegan part) and this delicious house-made sauce on lavosh. It was so good, I gobbled up every.single.bite. The hummus was delicious and I could have also ordered a side and been completely happy. I ordered the orzo salad to be my side which was homemade and tasty. The food here is flavorful and the decor is also very cool. I came here during lunch and it was a calm and comfortable vibe. I could see this also being a fun place to visit at night for some cocktails and cuisine. Next time!
4	Very cute little restaurant downtown. I was here on a Tuesday night before the NMH show, and it wasn't very busy which was nice. The appetizers we ordered were amazing, and so was my Santa Fe Sandwich. The waitress was very attentive.
3	PRO: It is not very busy for lunch and you can easily grab a table and a quick lunch when other places nearby are busy. Not a bad place to eat and have a drink.CON: A pretty average spot with no special flair. Nothing special.I have been a few times and will go again.
5	One of my favorite spots downtown. Everything is tasty. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. But a must try is the spinach avocado dip. It's so delicious. I recommend getting it with pita bread instead of ciabatta. Ciabatta is too hard. Great spot for happy hour!
4	Stopped by for a drink stayed for two and wanted more need to go back and try food. Staff was excellent funny and friendly.
4	Great food and service!
3	I visited here with a friend who visits Carly's quite often. This was my first time. There were several parking spots available at lunch and plenty of tables inside. We were served right away.I had the fruit and nut salad, one of their seasonal offerings. It was quite good--spring mix lettuce with tender sliced chicken breast, cheese, diced apple, red grapes, and walnuts. The bowl was large so it made for a good lunch without any leftovers. The one negative: the bread that came along with it was chewy to the point of being tough. I had to bite it and jerk hunks off; I felt like a dog ripping meat from the bone.My friend enjoyed her soup.I wouldn't mind visiting again as they had some other salads on the menu that looked good, but I'll be leery of the bread on the side.
5	Feta rosa dip! You won't be sorry! Everytime I go there I have such a hard time choosing what sandwich to order because everything sounds so darn delicious and turns out it is! I have never gotten the same thing twice there (with the exception of the feta rosa dip) and have yet to be dissatisfied. So just go there and order things - you will be happy with whatever your heart decides.
5	Warm ambiance and smiley staff. The food and beer is good. This is one of my favorite places to hit when I'm downtown. It's close to everything - especially during First Friday
3	More like a 3.5 because there tea's and food is pretty solid. This time I arrived there was one bartender/waitress for the whole restaurant. She was stressed and it was just a weird vibe in there. I share this review because for future awareness for others who may come in and see/sense this.A must try for sure. But not on days like this. Saturday 6/7/2014 @ 11:20am.
3	I went here while at First Friday. The place was packed with other festival goers. I ordered the Reuben with mustard. It was delicious! The mango green tea wasn't so good. The waitress wasn't very friendly, although she did make fast checkups as she passed to get drink orders from bar. I will return again when its less crowded.
5	The Bloody Mary here is amazing, as is their whiskey sangria.   Food is good and pretty healthy, staff is pleasant and helpful, and they have live music occasionally on the weekends.  Ask the bartender what else is going on around the neighborhood, and they usually are plugged in enough to have some good ideas - make this your dinner stop if you're not from the area and looking to explore downtown that evening.  They'll point you in the right direction.
5	One of favorite places!   I have tried almost everything on the menu, all amazing!  The quality and flavor makes for amazing sandwiches and salads.  The service is attentive.  Price is reasonable.  Mmmmm.... Craving the artichoke dip.
5	Loved the sandwiches.  Great service and homemade tiramisu to die for.  Ambience fits the local area.  Full service bar. Cute place to hang out.
5	What a great find! Yet again Yelp, you have led me to deliciousness. We were in the area, and popped in here for dinner. We were greeted immediately and told to sit wherever we wanted. As per usual, when picking our own seats, we went with the window seats cause we love to people watch!  This was a prime spot for that as well, since it's downtown and on a higher trafficked street.He had the meatball sub and I opted for the gyro. Both meals came with the option for a side choices - and we both went with chips. The gyro was great! Cooked perfectly and had a healthy amount of toppings to it. The meatball sub was stuffed with meatballs and had a fresh bread for the hoagie roll.  I opted for the seasonal mojito since it was a raspberry one! It was well made and a pleasant surprise to have that as a choice!Our waitress was extremely friendly and checked back in on us regularly. She was quick to offer up advice on things to try based on the kinds of things we enjoyed and made great recommendations.  Overall: A+Definitely will be returning and seeing which seasonal mojito they bring to the menu next! ;)
5	I've been going to Carly's Bistro since moving downtown.  Really enjoy the laid back atmosphere, music, and food.  A great, casual place to grab some food/drinks and socialize.  Very friendly staff.  Quality food.  I've had a number of their sandwiches and really like the Cuban and Southwest chicken.  Good selection of beers on tap!  Enjoy!
4	Who is this Carly and how have I just now discovered this quaint little eatery she has nestled in central Phoenix? Was there ever a bird mural on the wall outside? How did I get a parking spot right up front?These were just a few of the questions circling through my brain as I grabbed a table at the bistro under review. So let's see what this place has going for it. Decent drink selection - check (complete with the ubiquitous chalk board listing beers on tap and a requisite amount of IPAs to show that this place doesn't mess around when it comes to beers, that it doesn't have time for those of us with sissy-ass taste buds who can't handle a punch of bitter flowers to the mouth), edible food - check, daily specials - check, a lack of idiots - check, nice waitress who didn't hover too much - check (because a little hovering is ok).But seriously, this was a great place for anyone looking for a low-key atmosphere with affordable, high-quality food. Most things on the menu looked taste-r-ific (I couldn't put my mouth around all of the offerings in one evening, but my stomach was definitely entertaining the notion for a while). I ended up with a salmon sandwich because I love salmon and sandwiches and it just made sense. Time didn't stop when I took my first bite, or my second, or my third...but I was still pleased with my choice.This is definitely getting added to The List. It didn't get five stars mostly because it just wasn't particularly memorable. Like I said, I'll be back, but it was a little difficult to distinguish it from the myriad quasi-hipster establishments already in the area.Carly, wherever you may be out there, thanks. Best of luck and keep up the good work.
3	To be fair, this is probably close to a 3.5 than a 3. Came to Carly's on a First Friday so it was busy. The tables are very close together and the poor waitress had to finagle her way through them. I found the menu to be a nice selection of sandwiches. I got the southwest chicken sandwich with the orzo salad. I found both to be well put together. The bread was nice and crusty on the outside, but chewy on the inside and the fillings to be fresh. Why a 3.5 then? First, I felt rushed. As I said, it was busy, but there was definitely not a feeling that I would be welcome to stretch out dinner with an extra beer or glass of wine. Eat and move on. Also, I just don't think it's anything special. Certainly nothing I would seek out. If I'm on Roosevelt and in the mood for a sandwich, sure, or for 1st Friday. But outside of that I am not going to make it a point to go back. If you work in the area or seek out well-made sandwiches in a restaurant then this is a great place!
4	I really need to try more of the menu. So far I've had the cocktails (yummy and strong), the anti-pasta plate and the hummas.  Everything has been fantastic.. the anti-pasta plate was solid, really great to order for an appetizer or just to snack on if you are going there for cocktails.I will be going back again to explore more of the menu.
1	New Carly's. No tuna. Menu change & Carly's removed the tuna. Sorry but as that was my fav sandwich, I won't be back. Bummer. Less options other than chicken & beef. New menu letdown. Boo. Dislike.
4	I've been coming here for years, and have been happy to introduce many a co-worker and friend to Carly's. It started out as just a convenient after-work stop for me because of the proximity to my office, but has evolved into a true relationship. The staff is always friendly and cheerful, they know a lot about downtown Phoenix and will give you the low-down on anything special going on, which is great for both tourists and locals alike. Their food is refreshingly solid and very reasonably priced. I'm getting a little tired of going to these new bistro/hipster/cafe places and being presented with options like "Pizza with an egg on top" or "Aged cheese-I've-never-heard-of served with thing-I-don't-know". Carly's offerings tend to lean toward the healthier side but are also tasty and easy to recognize, i.e. hummus dip with pita bread, anti-pasta plate, chicken sandwich, etc. They have great live music and other special events like Nerd Night fairly often, but not so often that it gets annoying, if you know what I mean. Their location is right on the northern edge of downtown so you've got a good mix of working folks, ASU students, and the occasional downtown weirdo type to make it just interesting enough without being uncomfortable. Beer selection is solid, lots of great local choices, and the prickly pear margarita is fantastic. Have fun!
1	I ordered a meatball sub to go on Monday 8/4. I picked it up and walked across the street giving it time to cool off.  However, the first bite I took was so hot the meatball and cheese stuck to the roof of my mouth and burned it so bad that several layers of skin came right off.  I have been in pain since. Doc says it will take 6-8 weeks to heal. I have eaten hot food my whole life but never been burnt like this before. I contacted the restaurant to let them know, but the extremely rude behavior of the owner and employees has been surprising. I have been there many times, but the handling of this situation has been terrible that I expect to return.
5	Best whiskey sangria and brie sandwich! ! Place to go for sure on first Fridays.  I love their hours,  they seem to always be open. Great for any occasion,  dinner, lunch, by yourself or why friends,  drinks,  happy hour... cool, down to earth, tasty.
1	Nothing like a warm chalice right out of the dishwasher to hold my Stella.  I can't stand this bar because of the consistently shitty bartenders.  Yet, it's location is prime to meet up with people and it has it's own parking lot which is also convenient.  It's got a nice little vibe going on inside but again, I've never anything but terrible service.
4	I'll be back, and when I come back I'm prepared to hurt myself. The bourbon sangria is wonderful, by the way.
4	Went in here Sunday afternoon to have a beer while I finished Tolstoy's Hadji Murad, and couldn't decide between the four IPAs on tap so the bartender offered me a shot of each to try.  I settled on the Fresh Squeezed from Deschutes and nursed it for almost two hours as I read.  The staff didn't make me feel rushed to pay and leave, which was nice, so I stopped back on Monday for a two dollar draft with a friend who had a prosciutto panini which looked tasty and was nicely presented with a side salad with baby greens and arugula.  I will be coming back.  Four stars because it's a tad expensive.
4	Decent salads and sandwiches. They forgot to put dressing on my salad, but the greens and veggies were really fresh and I almost didn't miss the dressing (asked for it on the side). Hummus is okay. Artichoke dip is really unique, and more like a spread (not chunky).. i liked it a lot but definitely not what I expected! Drinks were small pours... eh. I hate how dark it is in here, but I get it-the sun is intense in AZ and as soon as the direct light dissipated they opened up the shades :). They often have live music and it is usually improvisational jazz--bonus points for that!!! and last but not leasts, Love the local and unique artwork featured in the walls :) Happy to live close by to this place-hurray for a 3-7 happy hour!......soo just came back to edit my review justto mention that they don't take American Express... hmmm... so random! whatevs, had another card anyway.
5	I always love going to Carly's. The food is delicious and everyone is friendly.  I am quickly greeted, acknowledged and served. Plus, the portions are perfect and reasonably priced.  I can't ask for more.
4	Great neighborhood place. I've spent many a Happy Hour here with my colleagues. The food is superb and fairly reasonably priced. The staff is prompt and checks back regularly to see if you need anything, but without hovering.
5	They make fantastic cocktails, all of them, and they make them any way you want them. Carly's is THE place to get a cocktail on Roosevelt Row. The live music is always interesting, and more importantly, quiet. You can always go to Carly's for cocktails and decent conversation, even when a musical combo is playing(the same can't be said for other downtown bars, which will deafen you after 8pm most nights of the week). The staff are friendly and professional. The food is ok, and some of the sandwiches are actually pretty good, but it's...they are known for their cocktails.
4	We ate here on the advice of the manager of the La Quinta hotel which is within walking distance. Glad we did!!! In fact we went back a few more times for beers, fresh food and to watch hockey games on large TV. Menu was simple lunch and light dinner fare options. Great atmosphere, very clean, food is excellent & is punctuated with great presentation. Bartenders were friendly & attentitive.
5	Amazing! The food here is just awesome! And the people working there are super happy to answer any questions! Plus they're open till 2! If you have a spray moment, drop in and try a sandwich and grab a drink. You won't regret it.
4	Cool bar! Good food, drinks and beer list, and service. They even have happy hour on Saturdays!
4	Great place to have a few glasses of wine, share a chocolate fondue and dive into the 20-layer crepe cake. If you want savory food, the truffle pizza is to die for.
4	Perhaps my expectations were too high because of all the hype I'd heard, but I have to say I was a little disappointed. We did a girls' night out and were so excited about this new great wine/chocolate combo thing, but after waiting forever for a table we waited forever for a waitress, who utimately messed up our order and brought us first the wrong food and then cold food. When they finally got the food right, it was actually pretty goos, but by that time were were kind of over it. As for dessert, we ended up going with these chocolate martinis that were pretty rockin. My suggestion is head there for drinks but not for food.
