5	I have tried other tattoo removal places and this one is by far the best.  Erased has a state of the art, powerful laser machine compared to other the other place I went to.  After only one session, I can see a lot of my tattoo fading, even some spots where I can see my skin color again!  They are so nice, professional, and very knowledgeable.  I will definitely return for more sessions until my tattoo is gone!
5	First time at Erased, but not first time having my tat lasered.  Came here because I got a groupon, really wish I had started my tattoo removal journey here. Thomas is really nice and professional.  Very clean office.  Will return for the rest of my sessions and also recommend Erased Laser Tattoo Removal to anyone who is looking to get a tat removed.
5	I just finished getting my 2nd session of laser tattoo removal here and so far, I'm thrilled! The office is really clean, which I appreciate. The technician is friendly and professional. After just one session, I had chunks of the tattoo already gone. I can see already that this 2nd session got it really good. I think 5 sessions will probably be all I need. Most of all, this place is affordable!! I highly recommend going here for affordable, effective laser tattoo removal.
4	I think that first review was pretty harsh. The dude there does know quite a bit about laser tattoo removal, he worked in a shop in another town before moving here and starting up his own business. The shop is very clean and the furniture is modern the walls are white i instantly felt at ease. This place isn't sketchy or dirty. He cares about his business and answered all my questions. Like how even though Ill probably be completely healed in the next 1-2 weeks, I have to wait 6-8 weeks before coming back because the ink continues to work itself out over that period! weird!The procedure itself, though a painful, is so fast, literally less then five minutes to zap my entire 6" square area and if I hadn't needed to take 10 second breathers here and there it would have been faster.  He also applied a cold pack to the area before we began to help numb the area. I appreciate that.  He does use different attachments for zapping different colors, and black was the worst. When he zapped my green area, it didn't hurt at all. I'm told green, yellow and white are the hardest to remove, however Im not going for full removal, I just need to lighten it a bit for a cover up. It was my first experience with laser tattoo removal, I had a groupon for 2 sessions for $100. I can't afford the regular price, so Im hoping to try another place out via a groupon if one pops up for the purposes of scientific comparison, and for you, the review readers. Im only here to yelp. So for now Im giving it 4 stars, but I will update it when I have another shop to compare it to.
5	I've been to Erased three times now. Time for my review and I'll post some before and after pics. I echo previous reviews in the location being clean and nice. Erased uses the NaturaLase QS 2J laser which is state of the art. Contrary to popular belief, It doesn't hurt as bad as you would think. The technology has come a long way thankfully. I had a black tattoo removed many many years ago and that was full blown torture... and that was WITH numbing cream and I have a high pain tolerance. Couldn't imagine it without that cream... Geez! The doctor had to physically hold my foot down and it took everything within me to not kick that doctor in the face it hurt so bad! And you could smell your skin burning in the room. It was downright awful! I'm so appreciative of the fact that the tattoo removal experience is not like that anymore because to be honest, I don't know if I could do it again. Certain ink colors hurt worse than others and if the tattoo is near a bone or on a sensitive area, you might feel more pain but it's over so fast, it won't even phase you. If you could handle getting the tattoo in the first place, you can definitely handle the removal process so don't be a puss people! If you want to get it done, do it! And better yet, do it at Erased!I'm saying goodbye to "the only tattoo that mom's like" (Tigger & Winnie the Pooh) along with a daisy with a peace sign in the middle on my butt and a daisy on my toe (the friendship tattoo curse). Sayonara to all these mistakes! I'm not regretting this decision one bit. I promise to post pics of my progress along the way for all to see.
5	I paid 1000$ for six sessions at another tattoo removal facility and received mediocre results. After only two sessions at Erased I have seen tremendous results! Pricing is way more reasonable than other places as well! Second tattoo will be removed in the fall!
5	Had my first session today.  Came here on a Groupon.  First time getting a tattoo removed.  I was very surprised that it was fast and the pain wasn't bad!  Place was easy to find and very clean and professional.  Three more sessions to go.  I'm really looking forward to the final result.
5	I am so glad yelp has helped me find this place. I got to admit I was very skeptical with tattoo removal before coming to Erased. I visited numerous places in town to get prices and idea on how tattoo removal worked. Then on my last stop I went to Erased,I met Thomas and I got to see tattoos on his body that were removed and some in the process of being removed. I was impressed and started my treatment that day. Now after 3 treatments my tattoo is nearly gone, he has been a life saver and this will definitely make my life alot easier not having to always wear makeup to cover it. I think after one more treatment this tattoo will be completed gone and not a trace of anything to remind me of my past. I definitely recommend this place and will be sending ally friends here!  Thanks Thomas!
5	I have been to 2 other places in Las Vegas for tattoo removal and none compare to Erased Tattoo Removal. Tom has been a life saver! His prices and quality of work surpass 5 stars in my book. He has lasered 6 of my tattoos so far and I am going back Saturday for him to laser my 7th tattoo. Just after 1 session I have seen significant fading in all 6 tattoos! At Erased Tattoo not only is the pricing and quality of work phenomenal, but the discomfort of tattoo removal is reduced. The two other places I went to caused me excruciating pain, but at Erased Tattoo Removal the discomfort is minimal, practically non-exsistent. If you are looking for a tattoo removal company where you want results at a rate you can afford, look no further! Erased Tattoo Removal is your place!
5	I was thinking of getting my tattoo removed for quite some time, and finally made a decision to go for it! I should have started earlier, so I would be done and over with the removal process. After searching numerous times online, and price comparing. I decided to go on GROUPON, searched for laser tattoo removal and landed on "Erased Laser Tattoo Removal." They offer great rates at a discounted price! I was a little skeptical, but glad I stumbled on their website. Even without the groupon, they still offer good rates! I had a free consultation and started the treatment the same day! Estimate completion is 4 sessions, 3 more to go! I can already see cleared up spots after a few hours (don't know if that's possible, but it sure happened to my tattoo). It varies from person to person, because no one tattoo is the same.I recommend this place, very professional, straight forward, and clean! It's always a great view if the establishment is clean, makes you feel safe to move forward with the process.Glad I came here! I really thought I would spend a fortune, but this place saved me money! Will post before and after pics later...NOW GO GET THAT TATTOO REMOVED!
5	I found this place through yelp.  Seems to be pretty busy guy, and I can see why.  The laser is a bit painful but I saw progress even after the first session and more so after the 2nd.  I have a little ways to go, and he is honest about what he thinks you'll need.  A man and his laser.  Gets you in and out quickly. And because he's efficient he can pass the savings onto you.
5	It took us a little longer than expected to find it. but thats because we live across town from its location.Once we arrived we we're seen without waiting! just had to fill out some basic info. but thats normal.the room for the actual treatment was very very clean! the whole process was as painless as possible. the laser part sucked a lot, but past that everything was great!!!I would absolutely recommend erased to anyone looking to have a tattoo removed.
3	While I'm still happy with the results that I received here please be cautious when you're getting your tattoo removed. This laser /technique burnt my skin and now I have permanent scarring and discoloration due to tattoo removal. It has been several months since my last session because I am waiting for the scarring/discoloration to fade. Start slow and talk to the technician regarding how your skin responds to the treatment.
5	had my first session today with Thomas. I'm getting 2 13 year old tattoos remove and 1 tattoo on my fingers that is about 3 years old. 1 session and the 2 old tattoos are already fading significantly. I went to 3 places before coming to erased an let me just say I'm so thankful I found him. the 2 places I went to was 1 very expensive and though I wouldn't mind paying the money neither place could provide me with before and after pictures of other people. I was really skeptical. I highly recommend if you want/need a tattoo removed go to Thomas.
5	Recieved my first treatment yesterday.  It hurt but the pain went away within an hour and I was good to go.  Saw results that I had hoped for on day one.  The owner operator was very professional and made me feel comfortable.  The actual removal of a pretty good sized piece was only 3 minutes.  Its scary getting something like this done but that atmosphere was right.  He was kind and confident in his job.  I recommend going here if you want to get ink removed.
4	So I have a tattoo on my right ankle, well it looks more like a bruise at this point. I have had roughly 14 treatments on it over the years. So when I saw a groupon for tattoo removal I said why not?The guy here is a real pro, he was fast (that is a good thing trust me) and really professional. In about 8 weeks I will be back for a second round.Does it hurt? Hello, it hurts every time I have it worked on.. LOL but soon it will be all gone..It is in an office park and it is very clean and professional. I was in and out in about 15 min.
1	I don't understand how everyone is giving him 5 stars (unless he's the only one they've been to). I did 4 sessions with him and my tattoo didn't fade one bit. I've been to another lady twice and it was amazing how much it faded. But I bought a groupon for this place for 4 sessions. This first time I asked "that's it?" He went over my tattoo but it was like a kid scribbling on paper, I'm used to my lady going over each line of ink carefully. My tat didn't scab with him or anything. The last 3 sessions I asked him to be more aggressive but he didn't. I kept telling myself he was just trying to get a feel of my skin but, from the first session to the last, it didn't fade one bit. Maybe it's because I had a groupon?  If so then that's not cool, he's wasting everyone's time and money. Sorry for the negative review.
5	This place is the best place I have ever been. The guy there is very informative, patient, helping and much more. He makes an already painful situation that much easier. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	I came to Erased to get a very small (1" x 2") all black tattoo removed from my lower leg. I had never had laser tattoo removal before and was surprised that it was pretty painless the first few times. Similar to getting laser hair removal. I bought a group of 4 sessions to start and have just finished the 4th. The laser does get more intense each time you return but its bearable because the technicians are super fast. The shop is owned by a husband and wife who are both very efficient and friendly. One of my favorite reasons for choosing Erased is how easy it has been to book an appointment. They are super accommodating and I've gotten an appointment for the day I have requested every time. Even when i've called the day before! They offer great deals and I'm excited about the progress so far on my tattoo. Hopefully with 4 more it will be nearly gone!!
1	I'm extremely disappointed with this place! I have a simple ring finger tattoo that I've had probably 6 sessions trying to get rid of. The young man that works there did a good attempting to get it gone but the female just did 3 points of the laser... Didn't even touch the actual tattoo line (the blisters were not on the line at all) haven't been back... Went to a real tattoo removal place and in one sitting, IT'S GONE!!!! WHAT AN ABSOLUTE WASTE OF MONEY!!'
5	I have had this mistake tattooed on my ribcage for about four years and it was time for it to go. I called the business number in the evening on a Friday and ms Karina was able to offer me an appointment the next morning.I was even running late to the appointment and she was still so sweet to me when I got there. The place is really sleek and modern very well put together. During most tat removal consultations around Vegas that I've been to they Re talking about money most of the time. Typically the technicians are not very knowledgable abs aren't able to make you any promises.... Since I have a tiny but of knowledge about the type of laser she was using I have realistic expectations and the promises she made matched that.Ms Karina wasn't focused on selling me a dream or making a bunch of money she knew I wanted this ugly thing gone and she wanted to help me. I laid down for the treatment expecting to be crying for the next twenty minutes but wham bam she was finished and I barely felt a thing. I'm so happy I was patient while looking for a tattoo removal tech. This is a great fit.Thanks Ms Karina ! And to you yelpers...if u have unwanted ink....go see erased tattoo removal you won't regret it!
5	I love this place !!! I have had 5 treatments so far with wonderful results the man who works here is very patient and very likeable. The pricing here is also very reasonable probably the best pricing in Vegas I will definitely be referring friends and coming back. Thank you erased laser tattoo removal I love you guys!
1	I got a laser treatment on my face in April for tiny freckle-like brown spots on my face near my eyes which left me with LARGE brown spots where he used the laser (burnt my face with it) all around my eyes and I'm STILL dealing with it. I had to cancel interviews, dates, etc as I was so self conscious about it. It literally looked like I was wearing dime size freckle goggles around my eyes as dark as the color brown! I've had to buy creams and make up which cost a fortune to cover up. I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PERSON WITH A LASER WHICH IS WHAT HE IS TO ANYONE. He has no certification whatsoever and no resolution for his "patients" once the damage is done.
