4	The guys that work at this location have always been friendly and helpful.  Roger, one of the mechanics, is genuine and makes sure I understand what needs to be done to my car - even taking me into the pits to show me what he found.  I recommend this location for brakes, alignment, tires, and oil changes.
1	I took my 2006 Dodge Charger in for 90000 mile service on Monday, April 16.  I dropped the car off at 12:38 PM.  I called the store at 5:30 PM and they said the car would be ready in 20 minutes.  I arrived at the store about 6:20 PM and my car was not ready.  I waited an hour and checked out at 7:20 PM.  After driving the car for about 10 miles the electronic throttle warning light came on.  I was able to make it safely home.  I returned the car on Tuesday, April 17 at 9:00 AM and stated that the electronic throttle warning light was on.  I called the location at 5:00 PM on Tuesday and the car was not ready.   The associate I spoke with claimed the manager had tried to call me twice.  I asked him what number he tried to call and he gave me my cell phone number.  I had zero received calls and zero voice mail messages.   I chose not to take the car home because the electronic throttle warning light is an indication of serious mechanical issues.  I called April 18 at 1:00 PM and they said the O-ring was broken when they installed the spark plugs.  They said the part should arrive at 2:30 PM and the car should be ready at 5:00 PM.  I called again at 4:45 PM and they said it would take an hour.  Needless to say, I will never use Tire Kingdom again
3	Well, when it comes down to it I know actually nothing about cars. Oils changes, rotations, coolant...blah, blah, blah But it was time for an oil change so Enter Tire Kingdom! I made an online appointment for an oil change and 22 point inspection, just to check on things and make sure the car was running fine. The guys here were very informative and gave me a run down for everything they found during the inspection. Oh and no run around, or trying to sell me extra things and I appreciated that. Check online for some savings! And I definitely recommend making an appointment online!
4	Have taken my car here for inspections for the last couple of years and again when I had a flat tire, which they promptly repaired for no charge and sent me on my way.  This morning I awoke to a car that would not start.  AAA charged my battery enough to get it to this location.  Figured since I had it in the shop already I would go ahead and have the oil changed and have them look at my indicator which has been needing a bulb replacement for a while........yes I am known to procrastinate from time to time.  End result was a new battery, oil changed, free tire rotation and an indicator bulb replaced at no charge.  Fast friendly service at decent prices.  I would definitely recommend this location to anyone.
