2	Ummm...well....they have parrots in the lobby....I guess thats a good thing.I would never stay here. A few of my friends are staying here and I went to visit them. Everything about the hotel needs a complete update. The rooms are old and smelly. The paint in the shower was peeling. The tv did not really work good. I think I could feel the springs in the mattress.It is right across the street from Gammage auditorium .... so if you are visiting ASU I guess it has a pretty good location. But thats about it.Oh yeah, there is an IHOP attached to the hotel,....so if you get fed up of your crappy hotel room you could always go downstairs and get some mediocre pancakes. I would give it just 1 star...but they allow dogs so I will give them 2 just because it always sucks trying to find a place to travel when you have your pooch.
2	The Parrots are a nice touch, but did little to make me feel better about the place.The rooms made me think of someone's grandmother's condo.  Pink walls, old furniture, lacey sort of pillows.  It just felt a little dirty to me.Check out took a year and a half.  I could have fathered a child.  Several.  Location to ASU: good.  Almost everything else? Fweh.
1	This is a terrible hotel. It's old. It smells. It's dirty. The carpet is a totally different color by the window than by the door. The tub is peeling. The lights are dusty. The view is into people's back yard (nothing they can do about that, I realize). The internet is not free (greedy). The breakfast is not free (IHOP is next door, though). The shuttle took 40 minutes to get me from the airport. The TV channels are limited.On the bright side: The location is good. The pool is heated. The African Grey parrot is cute. However, these three good things do not a $139/night hotel make.Save your money and go to a nicer place.
1	This hotel is as awful as it gets. My stay at this hotel was terrible and the worst part was knowing what a profit they made off my stay. The hotel staff is really unprofessional and don't even understand the checking in process. The room was $109! I checked out the next morning and went to Fiesta Resort (5 stars--free wi-fi) for $72.Here are a list of things wrong with this hotel and my room:* Shower tub was clogged (I should have been given a discount for this)* Bathroom towels were old and smelled like chlorine* Air conditioner smells each time it automatically turns on* Beds are uncomfortable and never seem to be rotated* Carpet is stained* Decor is from the 70s* Bathroom is cramped* Accordian-style bathroom mirror was missing the mirror* Hair dryer barely worked* Remote only works from ~6 feet away from the TV* TV gets terrible reception* Hangars cannot be removed from the closet track* Sliding glass door couldn't be opened* Shower nozzle is small, corroded, and cheap ($8 nozzle)* They charge for wi-fi* Hotel has stains on the side of the building* The hotel staffit's a rip-off. Stay away from here! It needs to go out of business and be bought by a company that will renovate it.
2	I've stayed here for two weeks so I figured out the place pretty well.Pros: Customer service was good. Airport shuttles also take you to nearby locations within 4 miles of the hotel for free. The employees are friendly. The pool is great. The water is on the warm side.Cons: The key cards here are INCREDIBLY BAD QUALITY. I had to get a new one almost every single day (for fourteen days, yes). They get demagnitized very easily and the door locks ALL seem to be barely in working order. I would have to always put my card in 3-5 times before they would work. One of the only two elevators doesn't have the floor number signal working and they both make weird noises. I got over my fear of slow strange sounding elevators quick. I guess I can thank them for that. WIFI IS EXPENSIVE. Hotels this bad really should have wifi to try to lure customers in that way. Why would someone pay so much for wifi if they had budget constraints leading them to settle to this hotel?Not worth it. Look elsewhere.
4	The Twin Palms Hotel was home base for my friends and I during our Spring Training excursion. The price was great, the rooms were good and the view from the 7th floor is pretty remarkable. But most importantly, the staff was very accommodating and exceptionally polite. Bar tender is a great guy as well. Ask him for free pop corn and he will hook it up! Overall, if you are coming to Tempe for Spring Training or any ASU event.... this is the place for you!
1	Everything Sarah G, Michael L and  Tomas P. said and more!  My daughter and I walked in the room and said EWWWW!  Gross!  Talk about 1970 hotel that hasn't had renovations!!!  THIS IS THE HOTEL ACROSS FROM ASU!  OMG!  I didn't want to stay and thank GOD it was only two nights.  I couldn't get another hotel and this from the outside looks awesome but once you go in, just disgusting.  They clean and spray air freshener when you complain about the smoke musty smell.  The BEST...I opened the door and dogs were flying down the hall...LOL!  I am all for pet friendly but have friggin rules!  Dogs runnin around and the place smelled.  The sliding door was rusted and outside view was I-hops fans on the roof of the resturant!  Oh yeah and ASU across the street.  That was the only plus!  Just loved looking at the cigarette holes in the rug! The walls were stained too!  I couldn't believe my eyes!  OH then we go to I-hop down stairs and the menu's had syrup on them...just gross!  My hand were sticky from the friggin menus that were stuck together...can you imagine???  OH PLEASE!!! NEVER AGAIN!!!!  The best is I come online and it's rated high on other sites...are people insane?????Do not go there!!!!
4	Based on the other reviews I read, I wasn't expecting much, but the hotel is centrally located to ASU, and I was going to town to watch the football game, so proximity was important.  I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.  First, the staff was amazing.  Everyone was so warm and friendly, and went out of their way for us.  The complimentary shuttle took us around town, and in case it wasn't available, there was a bus stop for a free campus bus across the street that went right into downtown Tempe.  The rooms were fine and although they definitely need an update, they were large and the beds were comfortable.  The pool area was great. Overall, we had a nice stay.
2	Not the best experience all around for this place. The people at the desk were kind enough. They were great in fact. The hotel is uncomfortable, hallways are dim and dreary, rooms haven't been updated in years. Bad cable, uncomfortable bed, shower doesn't drain... All in all wouldn't stay here again. Sorry Twin Palms, i'll go Four Points next time I'm in this area..
1	This is the absolute worst motel I have ever seen.  Was put up there by delta airlines as they had to cancel our flight.  I walked in the room to find a huge cockroach on the floor.  The room just smelled.  I didn't sleep all night.  Filthy!
1	Not a great place to stay. It's conveniently located right across the way from ASU, but the air freshener in the room is giving both my mom and I a headache. Apparently people that stay here often request to not have their rooms sprayed so if you stay here ask for that. Also wifi is not free. It's $10 a day!
4	Hey well the place used to be nice when we stayed there! Not sure about all the bad reviews. It was a bit of faded elegance... But we liked it. Called them for a booking in 2015 and for everyone's info.. They are closed for remodeling the whole  hotel!! Ya ! It will be open Oct2014 all brand new! So it will be nice to stay again in my future since this is the place we always stay. We always loved the staff although I heard that will be new too. Sooo for all u sceptics this is very close to ASU and the Gammage Theatre. Hope new staff will be a great and accommodating. Nice outdoor pool is nice too and IHOP next door. See ya in the funny pages..
