1	I used to take all of my vehicles here a lot, and working in the promotions department for a local radio station, I had quite a few cars that were constantly needing something fixed.  I worked with several of the managers, and they were very accommodating and helpful for my own vehicle problems.However, recently I had some electrical trouble with my van and had to take it in, they had to run a round of tests, and then ended up charging me an exorbitant amount of money for the repairs.  The guy behind the desk was not friendly, and seemed like a failed used car salesman who was just trying to sell me a new battery, something that had not been mentioned to me as a problem before.  I hate feeling like I'm being screwed over, I think everyone does, and unfortunately that's the way this AAA facility mad me feel the last time I was there.  They charged me too much for what they did, they added on repairs that were not originally discussed, and their counter guy seemed way more interested in closing a sale on a battery than keeping a long-time repeat customer.  Too bad for them, I will never go back to this shop, and I strongly caution anyone from going here as well.  Now, I take my cars to Performance Auto Repair off Albemarle road, the guys there know what they're doing so you don't have to pay huge costs for "Diagnostic Tests", and they are honest, about their prices, and their service, in the auto repair industry that goes along way.
1	My car stopped working, so I thought AAA Car Care Center would give me a deal. I went to the one on Albermerle Road.They charged me 100 dollars to run diagnostics tests.  Then informed me that for 2 parts and labor it would be $1,200.00.  I called around to find that a $850.00 part (AAA price) was only $325.00 elsewhere and a $125.00 part (AAA price) was $35.00.  I paid the extra money to get it towed to Nick's Auto Repair who was actually reasonable.  The total repair is going to cost me $400.00, saving me $800.00!!!AVOID these guys like the swine flu and never allow them to rip you off.
5	I thumbed through my Citypass coupon book and found a $12.95 oil change and headed out the door for a little pampering for my little toy-ota. I went in with the sense of dread, wondering how long they were going to take, where I would be in line since it isn't a proper oil changing shop, but they quoted me 45 minutes. That's reasonable and Saigon Palace is across the street. Done.They called me on my cell and told me my car was finished in less than 45 minutes quoted and they were really pleasant and nice, but why do they get all five stars?  Simply because when he handed me my keys, he said, "your car is fine, he checked everything out". I am so used to hearing the list when I am leaving and acting like I care, I forgot how it would be not to play that game and a coupon to boot. Woot woot.
5	My daughter called to tell me her car will turn over but won't start at 4:30pm on a Friday. Problem, I live in Asheville she's going to college in Charlotte. Call AAA have the vehicle towed to this AAA service center. Then I see the reviews. I went into worry mode. I've managed auto part stores and have heard of horror stories. But I can't do anything being so far away, so I wait. Next morning I call them to hear the bad news, guess what Shane says the technicians started the car right up. Checked it out to make sure nothing else going on. He assumes that since the car was on an incline and had low gas that it wasn't getting enough fuel but everything was good. When I asked if I could give him payment over the phone, surprised again, he said not necessary that there was no charge. Thanks for letting a distant dad not have to worry.
4	I have been coming here for years and will continue to.  There is a AAA closer to my home, but I drive to this location.  The staff is friendly, the prices are fair and I never felt "upsold" at any time.  Dunkin Donuts across the street is a nice bonus.
3	I take my wife's car here for oil changes. I usually go right as it opens. They do a good job and a pretty friendly. I don't really compare shop that much for car services. I was drawn to the place because I have a AAA membership. Sometimes the wait gets pretty long, but never unbearable, despite me almost always being the first or second person to arrive as they open. But it would be unfair for me to make assumptions regarding the speed of their work since i'm not aware of how many mechanics are there or how many other cars might have been dropped off from the night before or are ongoing projects. Theres one tv, a small waiting area, complimentary coffee and some vending machines, and even a super slow and old computer with internet access if you're bored. and an out-dated childrens play area. I usually put the tv on espn or play on my phone. But overall my experiences there have been good. no complaints.
5	I like the staff here.. Came in for a $30 vehicle inspection, found out I needed two tires ($157) not a bad deal. I will continue to come here.
5	On the way to work this morning, my tire blew out.  I called AAA and the representative was extremely helpful and got some detailed information regarding where I was located.  She suggested I not change my tire due to my current location and safety issues.  She stated she was send a tow truck out to pick me up.  The tow truck was there within 15 minutes.  The guy was polite and asked to see my drivers manual so he would be able to correctly tow my vehicle.  I was impressed because he wanted to do it correctly.  Once on the bed of the tow truck he took me to the new location of the AAA service center.  I was greeted before the door was every fully opened.  Eric quickly got me set up and gave me several options in regards to tire replacement.  He gave me an estimated time frame and asked if I wanted a ride to work.  He called the driver and within 5 minutes I was in a van on the way to work.  They even offered to pick me up and work and bring me back to the shop later in the day.  AAA on South Blvd exceeded my expectations in every way.  Couldn't have asked for better  customer services.  They saw to my needs before I even had a chance to ask.  Today made the annual membership cost worth every penny.  Thanks guys!
