5	How awesome is it to have a trail steps away from your door....step?*sigh*Bad alliteration aside, Angel Park Trail is a part of the Trent Park. Trent Park houses the new Las Vegas Sports Park which is beautiful to say the least: indoor soccer, batting changes, childrens play area, lots or trees, and covered dining areas.Angel Trail starts off in the park: start to finish is 5.5 miles ending on Durango Drive. Angel Trail also connects to the Bonanza Trail. What makes the Angel Trail so freakin' awesome, the views are to die for: although elevation is not changed much throughout the trail you are able to see the entire valley including the mountains surrounding you. I did the trail once a week all October and it was great, jackrabbits everywhere and the weather just began cooling down, perfect timing IMO. I also use the trail in the super early hours which are not a problem, Angel Trail is well lit and completely paved all the way through. It also hosts the most garbage cans, landscaping, and maps.Beautiful park, extremely fun Trail.
4	While this park is well known to most locals, there is a secrecy about it at the same time that I enjoy. While most people opt for the bigger, more known parks, this one almost seems 'cozy' when you want to go to a park, but not be around a ton of people & their pets at the same time. When I used to live on the west-side of town, I'd come here with my dogs to roam the paths & run free in the grass. There seems to be a population of bunnies that also live in the park, so it's a sight to see one running across the grass at dusk. Apparently there are also bullfrogs here too, & for any park in Vegas this one has to be the most "alive" with wild animals (amongst cottontails & bullfrogs I've seen roadrunners, lizards, & various birds). The trail is well-lit, & the scenery is pleasant while walking down it!
5	Lets go for a walk! Get active y'all!!This place is literally across the street from my apartment! If the day isnt too hot and the wind wont blow us away my son and I go get our walk on here! He loves it bc we see the lil rabbits and he can be a silly guy without having to worry about uptight people throwing him dirty looks!In addition to the trail you can stop by the park or the indoor soccer field. We usually go after school when the breeze is right, we also go fly kites here!Sooooo if youre looking to lose a few lbs or just get active and not pay a gym fee come here!! Youll love the scenery and the solitude!
3	Don't get me wrong - the portion off of Bruce Trent Park is awesome.  But I'm not digging the newest addition that is closest to me.  It starts in the middle of Alta sort of near the Suncoast.  I parked at the Suncoast and walked over to the entrance.  But no sidewalk and lots of vegetation.  So I had to walk in the street.  Super annoying.  There is a sidewalk on the opposite side of the street but even if you live off of Alta, you have to walk forever to get to the crosswalk.  And the crosswalk basically ends at a brick wall.  Poor planning.From Alta the trail goes about 0.5 miles, if that.  And then you have to walk up to the east entrance of the Suncoast and cross the street again.  Grrr.  Drivers are not very nice to pedestrians in this town.  And to top it off, there is a tunnel that goes under the street but that is only for the golf course.  So until the golf course closes or lets people cross their property, this portion of the trail will just suck.It'd be a pretty good trail except for this stupid, useless link with the crosswalk to nowhere at the end.  This link serves absolutely no one.  Not the nearby neighborhood, not Suncoast - it serves no purpose. Just start at the park off of Durango or at Bruce Trent.
4	The Angel Park Trail system was a key element to connect Vegas' main biking arterial (Alta) to several other trails for walking and biking.  This section is not only necessary for connections, but is an incredibly nice section as well.  The Angel Park portion itself  runs from Alta just west of the Suncoast south to Durango & "Angel Park" and then north to Vegas and the Trent Park system as well as the Kellogg-Zaher Sports Complex on Washington...from here you can access The Bonanza Trail to head downtown, or the Lone Mountain Trail to head north.The Angel Park section is what gets you to Alta...close to the Cottonwood Canyon/Hills Park trails.  The beauty of this is that you can ride from Alta/Charleston & 2-15 area all the way to Decatur on trails...not what the long-distance bike rider is looking for, but at a pace that the recreation rider can enjoy....btw at Decatur its easy to stay on the Bonanza Trail or link up with Alta to make it all the way downtown...downtown to Red Rock..on half trails?...not a bad start for a city thtat has never been bike friendly.Good job to the City Planners for finally taking this project on!...Don't stop...we want more!
