5	Life is certainly full of ups and downs. We don't always get to choose who we bring into our world and we don't always make the best choices. What I do know is help is a phone call away! From the first appointment I had with Becky, I was able to put my trust in her as a true professional and effective coach. I've always felt that Hypnotherapy would be helpful in resolving certain issues in my life.Becky has shown me that this tool along with her excellent Life Coaching skills can intensify the outcome of the positive habits and goals I wish to achieve. She really has a special knack for analyzing your personal needs and pinpointing the most effective direction to take through a thorough and directed approach. Be ready to absorb the insight she shares with you and prepare to adapt yourself to specific guidelines she offers to take you to your next POSITIVE level!Take a chance...take Becky as your guide...you only have YOU to improve! Tammy S
5	I am so grateful for Becky's help and guidance. I am achieving my goals. Tonight was my fourth session, and I have  given her my complete trust and confidence. With Becky's help, my stress has gone away, the pounds are going away, and my motivation is up.  I am a successful person with a good career. I am a take charge kind of person, and I finally reached out for help when I did not have results on my own and realized I needed help. That was the first step. The next step was building trust, which I was not going to give without qualifying her. She is very ethical and honorable and has produced amazing results. I gave her my trust, and since then she has been leading me to my potential.
5	This was my first experience with being hypnotized.  So, naturally, I was a little apprehensive at first.  Becky quickly put me at ease with her genuine kindness and positive energy.  She is very down to earth and easy to talk to.  I have several issues I would like to work on, and, I have to say that even after only one visit I feel like I want to work on these issues with her and feel comfortable recommending going to Becky!   Overall, it was a really good experience and I am very much looking forward to my next appointment!  -t.a.
5	I came to Becky for a few reasons, but the main one was to change my life. I was so tired of traditional counselors, and telling them the same old story without improvement. It's tiring when you tell the same story and nothing changes. I found Becky on the Thumbtack website. I had a good feeling about her, especially the fact she was willing to work with my financial needs-this is always a good sign.My first consultation with her- no hypnotherapy- I actually felt better. I felt like finally I was on the right track to handling my past traumas and current situation. She told me she would get me off my anxiety meds in that first counsultation. Lo and behold after only a consultation I felt no neeed to take them anymore.I purchased five sessions with Becky after the consultation because I was confident she was able to help me put some of my demons at rest. And she did that and more. I felt comfortable with her because she is a very real, nice, honest and funny person. She made me feel at ease immediately. She validated my feelings and gave me a new perspective on self defeating thoughts and thinking.Hypnotherapy for me was not being hypnotized and not knowing what the heck I was doing or saying. I was aware, in a guided relaxed state, with positive thoughts entering my mind. My favorite was the last session where I did a bit of past life regression. Becky will not make you go through a negative experience, in fact she takes you out of it almost immediately, unless she has questions about the event.The other thing I love about Becky is that she is always in contact with her patients. She texts and emails which to me is fabulous. Don't be surprised if you get a text out of the blue or an email to find out how you are doing. Even if the sessions are up she still wants to know how you are doing.This is a fabulous woman, teacher and friend. I can't imagine saying anything bad about her. She truly understands and knows what she is doing. I love her and plan to get periodic sessions from her. I also will listen to whatever she tells me to do to help in my self healing process. She is truly such an inspiring person.-On another note, if you do not know where your life is going or where you should be, she will tell you. She unlocked my dream of writing children's books.
1	The first meeting was to be free to decide if I wanted to proceed. Guess again, in her mind if it goes over 30 minutes, even though she makes no effort to cut off the meeting, she is going to get paid. Same goes for a "session." Go over the one hour session time and though she has a clock on her computer, and says nothing about going over...guess who pays again!Money is her only object and she proved she will do whatever it takes to make that money.
5	After one session with Becky, I'm making changes I've avoided for two years. I felt an instant connection to her warm yet direct nature. I found her honesty refreshing. She provided just enough education about what she does to make me want to return, but no pressure at all, only an invitation. As for the money, we went way over our time (not a clock-watcher) and didn't expect a dime more. If you're stuck like I've been, spinning your wheels and need need to make a change, look no further...
5	Just wanted to re-check in here. I came to Becky for another session. I am 9 months pregnant and at 8mos I felt that I needed to go see her to mentally prepare for the new baby. Its my second child, and I have been feeling very emotional like a typical preggo. I have a little girl at home who is almost 3 and I was nervous about how a new baby will effect our life. As usual without me even telling Becky a lot of my concerns, she already knew how I was feeling. I can't say I am 100% because at this point I am uncomfortable and emotional. But I am not as witchy to my husband and he appreciates that.
1	I retained her fraudulent representations she set forth in a series of  emails, which contradicted each other as she back-pedalled and apologized. Bottom line, her apologizes were as empty as most Arizona rivers. Not professional.. Even her pic must be 25 years old.
