5	Dr. Fisher is the best vet. You could ask for. He has taken great care of all our pets with love. Every member of his staff does a great job. Would never go anywhere else. I know my dogs love him as they go right to him and give him love.  if you need a vet do not go anywhere else go here.
3	Took my baby in because he was sick with a urinary tract infection. Everything was alright, but I wasn't really to comfortable with the staff. I'm originally from Ca, and the hospital I used to go to was so comforting and sympathetic. I will say that the Dr is very nice, and he answers every question you may have, without rushing you. A+ for that.
5	Dr. Fisher and the entire Oasis Staff represent all that is good with veterinary profession.  They are knowledgeable, compassionate, and really enjoy their work.Jennifer is an absolutely incredible tech.  She takes care of my dogs the same why I do.I've taken three of my Bichons to Dr. Fisher over the years.  Most recently, he completed a complicated surgery to repair an ACL.  HE is highly-skilled and very understanding!I trust Dr. Fisher's skill, demeanor, and compassion to the fullest.  I give him the highest ranking possible.I will write more when I secure the name of one of the techs.  She is the BOMB!
2	I think that Dr Fisher is an absolutely amazing vet.  My Lab and I have been visiting him for the last 3 years and he has always been very informed, extremely empathetic and always efficient.  I have never once felt rushed; he answers all my questions, encourages me to ask more and makes me feel welcomed and my dog feels well cared for.So why a 2-star rating?From my first visit, the receptionist has always seemed cold, unconcerned and distant.  To but it bluntly, I simply don't like her and it's unpleasant dealing with her.  I have never once see her smile and that does seem to perfectly fit her personality.On my last visit, Dr Fisher was away and I got to see a replacement vet.  She was the opposite of everything Dr Fisher has been.  I had to coax information out of her.  Even with extreme prodding, I came home with only a marginal understanding of how to administer the meds that she had prescribed (and finally had to look online to get the answers I needed).Plus, that last treatment - for an ear infection in my Lab - wound up costing me $173 which I thought was simply outrageous.  I am accustomed to paying a premium at Oasis, and so far it's felt well worth it for Dr Fisher's expertise.  This time, it felt simply over the top and I felt I received very little value for that money.So, reluctantly, I have made my dog's next appointment with Sunridge Animal Hospital next door.  I am told that their pricing is extremely reasonable and their service is just as exceptional.  When I made my appointment, the receptionist was instantly a 100x improvement over Oasis's, so at least I have that to look forward to.  I will post a review there when I get to know them better.
2	I took my dog to see Dr. Fisher and I thought he was great, took his time and looks like he love hes job but his receptionist has the worst customer relation you could have. I called just to ask a question to DR. Fisher and she would not let me speak to him, I ask please have him call me just for a second and she said hes very busy. HE mite tell his staff to do that, I'm not sure.Its too bad because Dr. Fisher looks like a good vet but because of his staff and is very pricey I will not go back.
5	Out of the three vets that I took my senior cat to see, Dr. Fisher and his staff were the best and the most honest.  Read Dr. Fisher's biography on his website.  He and his staff truly care for their patients and will not recommend unnecessary tests that could be costly.  Dr. Fisher and his staff always make themselves available to answer questions over the phone.I've taken my cat to VCA and Sunridge and both places will recommend unnecessary and sometimes costly tests.  Doctors and faculty are not as personable as Oasis.
2	Dr. Fisher was great!  Took his time, knowledgeable and very friendly.  However, the Receptionist is flat out rude.  The Vet Tech is fabulous as well.I took my dog in to get a shot and the young female Vet other than Dr. Fisher guilted me into getting my dogs teeth cleaned.   I begrudgingly scheduled an appointment...The Receptionist tried to cancel our appointment the day before (that we had made 2 weeks earlier) because "something came up."  We weren't having it, because I took work off to be there.I showed up the next day and was told by the Receptionist that I needed to sign a waiver.  I start reading and in big bold letters it states "...I have been informed of the potential risks..." I set the pen down and asked what risks are involved because no one had told me there were any.The extremely nice Vet Tech came out and tried to help answer my questions.  And she also told me that Dr. Fisher wouldn't be doing it, but, the far less experienced pushy female Vet that I already didn't like was doing it.  Apparently that is why they tried to cancel, because Dr. Fisher wouldn't be available.   Hello, red flag!  I told them I didn't feel comfortable and started asking questions about her experience level and the complications involved.  When I flat out asked if there was a possibility that my dog wouldn't wake-up and I couldn't get a straight answer I became very concerned.Upon hearing that the Vet Tech "prefers Dr. Fisher" I put a stop to the appointment and told them I didn't like being misled that the person who was performing the procedure wasn't Dr. Fisher.  Had I known they tried to cancel because Dr. Fisher wouldn't be there I would have just rescheduled.The extremely nice Vet Tech asked the extremely rude Receptionist if she had told me that when she called me and I could hear the excuses flowing from her mouth.  So, I made a B-line for the door.Now, I'm looking for a new Vet.  Anyone have any recommendations?  :)
1	I've taken my dogs to Oasis for a couple years, I agree with most of the reviews, the receptionist is cool and unhelpful.  But what caused me to quit going to this vet was the woman that cares for the dogs when boarding at Oasis.  I called to check on my dogs during the 5 days I was away - I was literally hung up on.  When I returned my dog was injured and horse from barking.  He didn't bark for days.  I'm shocked she works there as she appears to be a drug addict.  She's not safe to care for dogs and cats.  What's worse is Dr. Fisher doesn't seem to get it or care.
1	The other day, a neighbor told me, his 15 year old dog, passed away two months after Dr. Fisher performed an emergency splenectomy.  As he shared the events that led to the his dog's splenectomy, I felt so guilty for never posting a review and sharing my final experience with Dr. Fisher of Oasis Animal Hospital.  When, Dr. Fisher opened Oasis Animal Hospital, we had just moved to the Anthem area from CA, and hadn't found a vet.  So we began taking our pets to Oasis, since it was so close to our new house.  We were never thrilled with the practice.  The office always seemed a little dirty, even though it was new, and the receptionist was always rude.   Dr. Fisher always appeared a little grungy with his long dirty ponytail, but he seemed nice enough and in our presence was gentle with our pets and that was what matter most.  Luckily our pets were healthy so  we only had to go in for annual exams.  But as our pets got older, we had to go in more frequently and started to realize that Dr. Fisher and his staff were not meeting our expectations.  They seemed to be more concerned with money than the welfare of the animals or people.   One day, I witnessed  a distraught woman come into the office.  She began sobbing and pleading with the receptionist to allow her to see dead pet.   Apparently it had died unexpectedly on the operating table.   The receptionist refused to allow her to see her pet, until she settled her bill for the surgery.  That was disgusting.   On two different occasions one of my pets needed to be seen urgently, both times I was told that I couldn't be "accommodated", as if I was I trying to get a better table at a restaurant rather than possibly dealing with a life or death situation.   I ended taking my pets to Sunridge Animal Hospital, and having to make tough decisions with strangers.    But  my ability to trust Dr. Fisher was irrevocably damaged, when I took both my dogs in to see Dr. Fisher after I discovered a lump on the roof of my 10 year old male dogs mouth.  I brought my 12 year old female dog with me to the appointment with Dr. Fisher, because I wanted to have her weighed.  At her previous appointment, Dr. Fisher had put her on a diet, and I thought she had lost enough weight.  Dr. Fisher told me he was seriously concerned about how much weight my dog had lost, and felt he needed to do a panel of X-rays to rule out anything serious.  At that point, I had no reason not to trust his judgement so I agreed.  $500 later, I was told that what I thought had been my healthy dog, now needed a life saving EMERGENCY splenectomy.  And that the lump on the roof of my male dog's mouth was going to require an "aggressive" surgically procedure to remove it.  Dr. Fisher wanted to operate on both dogs that same day.  I refused because both dogs had just eaten, so neither dog could be put under anesthesia.   Dr. Fisher reluctantly agreed with me that he couldn't operate, but then became adamant that I schedule both surgeries for the following morning.  When I told him I felt I should get a second opinion, Dr. FIsher became irate with me and implied I was a bad owner and stressed that by delaying the surgery I was risking my female dog dying a sudden and painful death.  When I left I was in tears and completely distraught.  When I got home, I called our dogs breeder who helped reassure me and advised against putting either of our senior dogs through such traumatic surgeries.   Later that night, she gave me the number for Dr. Taylor of Mountain Vista Animal Hospital.   The next day, I picked up my dog's X-rays (which Dr. Fisher didn't want to release) and took both dogs to Dr. Taylor for a second opinion.  Thank God I did.  As it turned out, there was NOTHING wrong with my 12 year old dog, and I was told that NOTHING on the X-ray would have EVER made Dr. Taylor suggest to me that something might be wrong.  WOW!  And Dr. Taylor recommended against operating on my 10 year old dog as well, because a dog's palate is too sensitive and Dr. Taylor felt any attempt to operate would be INHUMANE.  Double WOW!!  Obviously, we never stepped foot inside Oasis Animal Hospital again.  My male dog passed away at the age of 12, without ever having a painful palate surgery.  My female dog passed away at 15 without EVER having a spleen issue.  Very long lives for large breed dogs. If you're reading this review, and you think you love & trust Dr. Fisher, my warning to you is, if you ever take your pet in and have any doubts about a treatment plan.  You owe it to your pet, to get a second opinion.  It could end up being the difference between life and death.
5	This is one of the best hospitals I've been to. It is very clean and well maintained. The staff is by far the most helpful and kind group of people ever. They defenity love my babies when I can't!! Dr. Fisher is very wise and explains everything thoroughly. If you are looking for a new vet, try Oasis. You won't be disappointed. :-)
