5	I love Jimmy John's. I love Jimmy John's so much I used to drive clear out to Baseline & Rural from my home in Downtown Phoenix just to get a tasty sandwich fix.Guess what! I don't have to drive far at all now!The newest Jimmy John's is open just eight blocks from my office in the Camelback corridor.  I've been waiting anxiously for this shop to open, and when I noticed today that it's up and running, I knew what I was having for lunch.I took with me a co-worker who is a self-proclaimed sandwich lover.  We went around 11:30am ready to enjoy a tasty sub,  Upon entering, we were greeted enthusiastically by the ten or so people standing around and behind the counter.  It was a bit surprising, but not in a bad way.  You could tell the staff was trained to be friendly and welcoming to all who entered - each patron who came in after us was greeted the same way.I knew what I wanted and ordered right away and my co-worker made her selection, as well.  As expected, I hadn't even finished filling my drink before my #16 Club Lulu (no mayo, add cheese) was ready.  We sat down with our sandwiches, ate, and talked about all of the different sandwiches they have available.Jimmy John's never fails to meet my expectations.  The sandwiches are tasty and filling, the service is friendly, and fast, and it's a meal definitely worth every penny!
4	Not much to say that hasn't already been said. They have great sandwiches and funny signs on the wall. I would eat there again for sure. The diet coke was also really good for some reason.
5	Dr. Mr. John,Thank you for completing the triad of evil in this Camelback strip mall. What with you, Chipotle and Corleone's, I might just reach behemothian status by Christmas. However, I take comfort in the fact that I can add sprouts to any sandwich for free.Yours,Michelle A.
5	So good! Couldn't rate it anything less than 5*
5	I LOVE JIMMY JOHN'S GOURMET SANDWICHES!!!! THEY ARE MY NEW FAVORITE!!!  My friend ALWAYS orders subs plain....meat and cheese... thats it!!  This place discounts it if you dont want a salad on your sub.  I love all kind of fixings on my subs, so Jimmy John's will please ANY sub craving!!! AND THEY DELIVER IN A 2 MILE RADIUS!!!!
2	My son went and got us subs for dinner last night.   I had the JJBLT.   Not good.   The bacon had an odd taste, and, despite my request for "Crispy", it was soggy.   I ended up eating a lettuce, mayo and tomato sandwich.  Disappointing consumption of calories.
5	Oh Jimmy, I heart you. I've been to this location twice, and both during the lunch rush. The line was to the door, but service is super quick. I was in and out in probably less than 10 minutes. My sandwich of choice is the #4 Turkey Tom (add cheese/no sprouts), or if I'm really hungry, the #12 Beach Club (no sprouts). The bread has a bit of a crunch, but still super soft. The meat, cheese & veggies are always fresh and delicious. Their own brand of chips are also really yum. I suggest the jalapeno and BBQ. My only gripe is that if you're ordering for more than yourself, you have to remember the order and pay attention because that's how they call it out when it's done. I'm more of a fan of the numbering system, such as "Number 12! Your order is ready!"
4	Never heard of this place tell I saw it on the side of a NASCAR and the following day a TV ad, I knew I had to give this place a shot.   Went there yesterday and had the #9 on wheat bread and it was good, went back today and had the #9 on the french bread and it was fantastic. This place is a must if you are looking for a great sandwich. Eli you'll enjoy it!
5	Wow!  Less than $5 for a delicious vegetarian sandwich!?!  YES!  The bread was tough on the outside, soft on the inside; just how I like it.  The veggies were fresh and packed to the max in my sandwich.  The cheese was also quite tasty.  I drove here on break from a training class to pick up sandwiches at my instructor's request.  I am so glad I did!  YUM!  This place was so good I had to ask twice to verify that it really is a chain!  You just don't get food this good every day.  Best of all, on a busy Saturday at lunch time in Phoenix, I was more than mildly impressed that my subs were ready and I was in and out in less than 15 minutes.  Chips were good too, but I'll skip 'em next time and focus my love on the sandwich.  :)
4	I love Jimmy John's, especially when it is so close to my work. The ingredients are always fresh and the bread is just amazing. Add all that together with insanely fast service and you can't go wrong. I would recommend the Ultimate Porker or Club LuLu.
2	did I eat at the same place all of you other reviewers ate?   nothing fantastic about it - just a sandwhich.  I can make better.   this really is along the lines of subway or blimpie - the only thing that is better than those 2 is that the  service was fast and good.
5	Tried Jimmy John's a few weeks ago and they have great sandwich's and the breads really fresh. Also have nice and quick service
5	Jimmy John's gets 5 stars because they earned every one of them. They do everything right: ~ the bread (it's the best)~the cold-cuts (sliced on site, no low-grade Subway ingredients here!)~lightening fast service. A nice sanny made from scratch at the blink of an eye.~Totally affordable. My budget sub sanny is a Slim # 5 (salami & cheese) and it runs me a whopping $3.83 with tax!
4	This place has decent, prompt sandwiches, and I'll take it any day over every other sandwich chain in the Valley.
5	1. Perfect bread2. Great unique Menu3. Super fast service with quality food.4. Great fillingMy favorite subs are the Beach Club and CLUB LULU! Try this place you won't regret it.
5	For a quick serve place this place is 5 stars!!!  Speedy, fresh and different!The un sandwich is wrapped in lettuce and is a fun change!  The chips are crunchy and mighty flavorful.  Even the drinks are special...the ice is really fine ...so the drink is like a slushy...also...drum roll ...they deliver!  This one is near my office...but a girl can dream that one will open by her home one day:)
3	I'm not so crazy about these subs. They are heavy on the mayo and lettuce on their beach sub but light on the turkey.Eat in as the sandwiches here get verry soggy after an hour or so in the fridge!
4	I have to write a review for Jimmy John's customer service because I am always so impressed!  Their sandwiches are lackluster - especially the vegetarian one - but their 5 star staff makes up for it.The staff here always goes above and beyond - they are always quick, efficient, and do little things that end up making a big difference.  For example, I've had to order box lunches for office meetings several times. When taking my order over the phone, the person will ask me what name they can write on the bag for that particular item - that way, I do not have to go through each box, opening up the sandwich, trying to figure out who gets what back at the office - genius! And so simple...When they were doing their special $1 sandwich promotion, I decided to stop by, even though the line was out the door and several stores down.  My cheapness kicked in, and I was ready to spend my whole lunch break waiting in 110 degree heat - but Jimmy John's wouldn't let that happen! I had was inside and had my sandwich within 12 minutes. Super impressed! The manager also gave me one of their pickles for free when  I told him I had never tried them.Keep up the good work, JJs, but maybe add a little more "meat" to the veggie sandwich...
2	First off let me say that I LOVE JJ's, that's why it's terrible that I would have to give this location a 2 star. There's nothing wrong with the sandwiches, they're pretty much on par with all of the other locations. My problem is with the staff and atmosphere. Every time I have been in to this location the music is BLARING. It's hard enough with the open ceilings, the sound effects of a busy kitchen, customer chatter, the last thing needed is a pre-recorded concert at max volume. Not only is the music high but often times inappropriate for a business environment. Not that I wouldn't listen to such music, it's just that I don't think the 7 yr old in front of me should have to listen to explicit content while waiting for food. This isn't the only thing that's wrong with this location. The attitudes of the staff sometimes make it seem like they're doing you a favor for being there. Even the manager seems to think it's a joke. Immature employees throwing food around like a fish toss makes you kinda wonder if your food has hit the ground at one time. There's a lot more, and honestly i'm not sure why I go back, when it comes to JJ's this location is trash. Maybe I'll have better luck with the local Firehouse subs when it opens up. Lame sauce.
2	Before I start, I want to say that I REALLY like Jimmy John's. Their sandwiches are awesome and have great flavor. They are quick and cheap (that's what she said), but this location...I do NOT like.The food here is on par with the rest of the JJ's, it's the staff at this location that gets me. First of all, if you have a question about something on the menu, they act like your an idiot. Then, when you finish paying, they assume you've never been and rudely tell you to go wait for your sandwich when in reality you're just waiting for them to hand you the drinks you paid for.I've been in here multiple times when there is music playing, which is fine, except that the music isn't censored. So, if you are planing on bringing your kids here, you should probably be prepared to have them hear some cuss words.After you get your food, you will probably be able to see the staff all gathered in a circle laughing and conversing as if they were at a bar, instead of actually working like they should be. Honestly, I'm not sure how this location makes money. They would probably do better to hire a couple of efficient people instead of having 5 or 6 inefficient people on staff who do a horrible job.If you can - go to another JJ's.
3	the deli meats seemed slimy and the bread still doesn't wow me on my 2nd and 3rd visits.
3	It is a sub place. It is faster than, say Subway, because you don't get to pick your toppings as you walk along the sneeze guard. The bread is different than most chains, which differentiates them from the others. If you are looking for an eggwashed(?) bread, this is your place. The meats/cheeses/toppings don't stand out. The speediness does. Napkins and straws are harder to get than you'd think if you are eating inside. The bread looks nice, and has its uniqueness to stand on - but I don't see this place as a Subway-killer.
4	Great sandwich at a great price. I would consider this an upscale Subway. The bread is much better and you get more generous portions of meat. Always fast service, but with the amount of people they have behind the counter it isn't surprising. Wheat bread is a nice alternative if you feel like more of a traditional sandwich. I would say this is one of the better Fast Sandwich Places. I wish we had a Which Wich here!
2	First off nothing gourmet going on here at all. Its basically Subway with free delivery and they have to deliver it for free or there is no way in hell you would bother with the place. It's cheap, generic, flavorless food.
5	"My 3rd Yelp review:  A Jimmy John's Installment."Delicious.  Fast.  Cheap.  I'm not a huge mayo fan, but get something WITH mayo.  Avoid the sprouts.  Actually, just steer clear of sprouts altogether (unless you are a hippy, hippies love sprouts) .  Please open a JJ's in San Diego!!!-THE END
1	I have been to many Jimmy Johns, and have always been pleased; however, today was an entirely different experience to say the least.  It was my first time trying the new location on Tatum and Cactus, near PV mall.  After making my order, I noticed the employee woman sneezing twice all over the meat/cheese slicer... with no attempt at all to cover the nasal spray.  NASTY.  After waiting a few moments to see if she was going to clean the machine, which she did not, I mentioned it to another employee.  She said that the woman who sneezed was the manager and that sometimes you cannot help it.  While I agree that you cannot help sneezing, my daughter has known to use her"germ catcher" when she sneezes to at least attempt to stop the spread of dangerous germs/bacteria since she was 3.  Anyway, after I complained the woman walked away nodding her head in disapproval of my complaint?  To make it worse, they were very rude/sarcastic as I walked out saying,"Enjoy!"  I will never return to this location and i strongly suggest that you do not either.
5	Oh my, ohhhhh my, OH MY!!!! #1 Ham and Cheese sandwich on Texas toast. And #4 Turkey TomI don't know what it is about these sandwiches..... But they are DELISH!Fresh, big, moist bread always fresh never dry or crumbly. The meat tastes of a higher quality ( not processed ) Yum yum yum!!!!
5	Bootlegger (Turkey/Roast Beef, extra beef plus bacon). I had never had this particular sandwich place before. They may be huge in the midwest but there are only  a few of them in Phoenix. Much better than Subway or Quizno's. The bread is fabulous and the price is very similar. It was excellent and I will drive the 5-6miles to go get it. Nothing negative about the food. Hope they put one in mid-west phoenix :)
3	After going to Jimmy John's every week for the last year (since they opened), I can honestly say they make a good/great sandwich and their people are friendly & courteous. That said, it makes me nervous to see that many workers stuffed behind a counter trying make sandwiches. Do we really need 10-12 people working at one time? Subway only has 2 or 3. Second, this JJ's location had the worst freakin ice machine in ALL Maricopa County. Please, for the life of Bono, fix the $&@"%# ice machine!
2	My blurb to corporate today:Ok.. I am a huge Jimmy Johns fan. I have been since you came to Arizona. I love the quality of the food. The speedy delivery.. the order online option.. everything. Today, while placing my order, a coworker talked about how you advertise speedy delivery, but always come up short. Me, never experiencing such misfortune.. said, "My delivery has never taken more than 15 minutes.. you must be on crack". I ordered, and then started my stopwatch 1 minute after clicking the final order button. (I ordered a tuna sandwich with avocado) I was so confident too, because last time, my sandwich came in just over 10 minutes!! So I waited, and waited, and waited, and waited.. Ashamed. I hyped you up sooooo much! 29 minutes and 26 seconds later, your dude shows up!!! That is waaayyy too long. I could have walked across the street to JJ's, ordered, payed, returned and taken a 15 minute nap. I am a busy man JJ's.. A busy, hungry man. Here's the icing on the cake (or lack there of).. you chumps forgot the avocado!!! That was 75 cents! Gone! I am so mad at you. I feel like I just walked in on my wife getting freaky with Dwight Howard. Not cool-
3	I ordered a sandwich from here last week because my coworker was raving about this place & their speedy delivery. She was correct on the speedy delivery, it was at our building pretty fast. I ordered The Beach Club, which is suppose to have double the meat of a regular sandwich. I would hate to imagine how little meat the regular sandwiches have. It was also suppose to come with avacodo. It barely had a smudge. The sandwich itself was okay. Nothing I would rant or rave about. I rather eat at subway. However, if im at work and not in the mood to drive I might consider ordering in. It's more convenient just not as tastey.
1	Worst ice machine on the planet!  I wanted hot peppers on the side, not on my sandwich.  Was refused.  Corporate Policy. WTF!  Lost me as a customer.  No one dictates how I want my sandwich made.
2	Sorry Jimmy John's, but we weren't impressed this weekend. My employer gave me a gift card for JJ's as a thank you, so I took the family for lunch on Saturday. The first thing I noticed upon entering was the really loud music. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy listening to music but this was borderline obnoxious. We had to raise our voices to hear one another. The woman taking our order lacked personality and was rude to my wife. They forgot to put avacodo on her sub and refused to put pickles on my son's sub. Instead, they charged us extra for pickles on the side and gave him a full size pickle, which of course was much to large to put on a sub. Their ice machine was out of ice and we had to ask them to refill the machine 3 times before they added ice. As far as the food is concerned, it was just okay. We're unlikely to return.
5	Dear Jimmy John's,Your kids are often smart assey and your ice machine is a joke.  And eating inside your location at 1650 E Camelback could be a nerve wracking experience.  But your #5 and #9 can make any bad day better.  And for that, I love you.
1	first things first: if you don't eat the Jimmy sandwich at the time you order it, it's horrible.  it doesn't hold up well at all.  maybe it's the lettuce, i dont know, i don't care.  it's a bad sandwich after an hour.  So, forget catering, forget buying tomorrow's lunch today (as I did) and got -- yet again, -- one soggy sandwich.ordered my roast beef sandwich for $6.01 with turkey added.  Cost me $1.50....for two little pieces of turkey.  Like$35/pound!!!!But more importantly, I asked for my sandwich with peppers on the side.  "can't do it', they said.  What?"Can't do it.  Policy".  So, I thought, this can't be right and I emailed Jimmy, corporately.  Here's Heathers reply, so inane it bears repeating:"Thank you for taking the time to contact us.I apologize for any confusion but it actually up to the Franchisee whether or not to offer peppers on the side.  Some locations offer it as an option while others don't.  It is not a corporate rule.Again, I apologize for any inconvenince this has caused.  Hopefuly you understand and will still consider Jimmy John's in the future."NOW WHY WOULD I DO THAT?  WHY WOULD I COME BACK?YOU JUST TOLD ME I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WNAT, WON'T GIVE MY WHAT I WANT -- AND THAT YOU THINK IM CONFUSED!  HELL NO! I'M NOT COMING BACK!Well ya know what?  My policy is THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT.  I'M NEVER EATING THIS OVER-CONFIDENT, MEDIOCRE SANDWICH AGAIN.  EAT ME, Jimmy.  I got: Firehouse Subs, Subway, Jersey Mike's, Quizno's (still good), a bunch of mom-and-pops.  Eat me.  never ever ever again eat at Jimmy John's!
3	Ok...I wish you could do a 3.5 because that's what my rating would be...but since you can't...The subs are really good (specifically the #5) and they're usually made quickly which is nice..my only complaint is that for some reason, they can't do ingredients on only half of the sandwich or just put them on the side altogether for those of us who don't like onion. This really makes no sense to me so maybe I'm missing something but it's kind of a pain in the ass. Other than that, the employees are friendly. I'll keep coming back most likely but it might be something that should be considered.
4	Oh My Goodness...I Love me some Jimmy Johns.  I have been to several location and I am never dissapointed.  The bread is yummy.  Deli meat fresh (awesome Turkey).  oh and the pickles...I love the pickles.  Best of all the prices are very reasonable.
3	Love the decorum and funny sayings on the walls!  If you are looking for mega amounts of meat then this is the place for you.  Not a whole lot of freedom of choice on how you want things.  Not real helpful staff since we were first timers and had questions.  The menu does help out quite a bit.  Probably my third choice in the line of chains to choose from.
2	Sandwiches are just average.  The staff is snarky.  The manager seems to encourage his staff to be snarky.  Don't order online, it won't save time.  I ordered online and 25 minutes later when I arrived at the store, they still hadn't even STARTED the sandwiches.  Also, there was staff confusion about who was going to make them.  So it took another 5 minutes for anyone to START the order, even though they only had 2 customers eating in the store at the time.  The music was overly loud and no one could hear anyone talking over the cash register at the counter.  Even though I COULD have requested a full refund based on the 25 minute delay despite ordering online, I merely requested free extra turkey on one of the sandwiches, but the manager seemed to relish the opportunity to decline the fair request.  Since it was night time, as I left I noticed the reflection in the front window of the manager and his snarky female staffer smiling broadly at each other as I left (in apparent glee over the joy of declining my small request to counterbalance the long wait).  I went home and sent an email to their company online at their website, and I am posting this experience here on YELP.  I think in retrospect, they may realize it would have been better to give me $1.50 of extra turkey.  And $1.50 worth of turkey only costs the customer that much, not the company anyway.  A BETTER restaurant would have OFFERED to give me a FULL REFUND for the lateness of the order.
1	I'm not the biggest fan of Jimmy John's, at least here in Phoenix. I've been to locations in Indianapolis and Chicago and they're great, but there's something different about the restaurants here in Phoenix. It's really the bread. Its almost like I'm biting into a sandwich without first taking off the paper they wrap it in. That and they put A LOT of lettuce on their sandwiches. It's like a salad between two slices of bread.Anyway, based on the food, I would give this restaurant 2, maybe 3 stars, but the service sucks!I went in once to order a sandwich to go.It seemed both people I had any interaction with were annoyed with each other and it just made being there kind of awkward. You could definitely cut the tension with a knife.Now on the weekends I work in a store by myself all day. Wanting to having soething different rather than my usual meal from Windsor I decided to have something from Jimmy John's delivered. Jimmy John's is at 16th St and Camelback and my store is on Central just north of Camelback. According to Mapquest and Google Maps (I checked both just to verify), it is 1.9 miles, or 4 minutes in regular traffic.After trying to order online and getting an error message that I was outside of their delivery area. I figured with as close as I was, this must be an error.So I called and to the most unpleasant woman ever.I explained that I wanted to place an order but that I received the error message that I was out of the area. She snaps at me "What?" and I repeat myself to which she snaps back "What do you mean?" By this time I'm annoyed and tell her "I am repeating to you what the message said online when I tried to order. What part is unclear to you" To which she, unsuccessfully, muffles the phone and yells to someone "ugh, I don't have time for this, you talk to this guy!" Two minutes later someone else gets on the phone and explains that they have a 1 mile radius delivery area.Seriously. I wound up walking 1/4 mile to Jersey Mike's. Much better food and friendlier service there anyway. Next time, I'll just go there and not waste my time at subpar places like Jimmy John's.Oh, by the way, another sandwich shop, Correleone's, which is next door will not only deliver to my work, they also deliver to my apartment which is a mile further away.
1	why does this place insist on letting you know how great their delivery is when they only have a delivery radius of ONE MILE? i live two miles from this location and apparently that's just ~too far~ for them.anyone can have super fast delivery if they only have to drive a mile! the most amusing thing to me is that within a 3 mile radius of my house there are THREE jimmy john's and not one will deliver to me. seriously, it's ridonk.
1	I love Jimmy Johns but this location's delivery restrictions are ridiculous. They won't deliver to St. Joseph's hospital because it is 600 feet past 1 mile. 600 feet. I can't believe they are willing to give up all of the opportunity for sales for 600 feet. Unbelievable.
5	Jimmy John's is my favorite place for subs/sandwiches.  We order from here often for our office.  Today, we had 3 attorney's working out of our office from out of town and when they asked what would be quick and good for lunch, I jumped up and said Jimmy John's!!  So we ordered 4 sandwiches.  After 45 minutes, our sandwiches still had not arrived, which is so strange as we always get our orders within 15 minutes of ordering it.  The attorney's had to go back in to their depositions and were a bit angry that they'd be missing their lunch.  I called to find out what the deal was and spoke to the manager, I think his name was Ollie?  But I told him of the situation and he accommodated me (I don't want to say what because I don't want people to start abusing the situation).  But he also apologized profusely and was very genuine.  It didn't take me getting irate with him in order for him to make things right, and that, to me, is excellent customer service.  You should never have to wait for a customer to get upset in order to make things right.  I will continue to keep coming here for our business lunch needs.  I have not lost faith in them and it's thanks to the manager!
4	I ordered a Beach Club for delivery @ 3:35 and my sandwich arrived @ 3:42. Impressive!
1	unimpressed....ordered a club sandwich, forgot the lettuce, soggy bacon, no avocado, slathered with mayo....havent been back, wont go back
4	I've been hearing so much about this place so I gave up subway for a day and tried it. The subs were amazing, bread tasted fresh, service was fast, I was in and out in less than 5 min during busy lunch hour. Only complaint is the mayo, the slap it on pretty heavy so ask for it light
1	Ordered a couple sandwiches at 12:17, they didn't arrive until 1:10. Sandwiches so fast you'll freak? No. I was freaking because my time was wasted and I didn't get to eat before having to clock back in from lunch. But hey, they got paid right? That's all that matters right?  Bottom line, something that takes less that a minute to make and delivering it less than two miles away shouldn't take close to an hour. The sandwiches are par at best to boot so it's not like you're waiting on fine dining. A monkey could run and operate one of these business with the help of an accountant.  Get it together Chim Chim so you can retain any lingering customers, besides me, that you can.
5	Great people at this store.  They donated a great food platter to Sozo Community Church for their Haircuts for the Homeless event. Please support those that support our local community.
4	I appreciate your extra soft 2-ply bathroom tissue! :)
2	Third strike! You're OUT! Don't allow someone to add items to the sandwich online if nobody cares enough to actually do it. Add onion and cut in half. I know... I know... why bother. Good thing I only had to wait 30-40 minutes (twice now in three days) for delivery.  Seems like the sandwich makers are freaky fast (not reading orders) and delivery.... well not so much.
3	I have such a love/hate with this place!  I ordered for delivery, to the tune of once a week, during really busy times at work.  The sandwiches are always yummy and I always have the same turkey sandwich, with the sporadic roast beef here and there.  I rarely eat bread but enjoy the rolls JJ's uses.  The ingredients are fresh and the prices are reasonable when you factor in the convenience factor.So here's where the not-so-thrilled part comes in:  I have rarely gotten the right order when ordering online.  I got into the habit of checking the order WHILE the delivery person was still in the lobby.  Things got better after I chatted with the manager once or twice and he kindly refunded my money.I now call in my order for pick up, and have discovered that the noise levels are so bad that the employee on the phone often cannot hear what I am saying. Another opportunity for error that can be easily contracted The 3 stars is because of the slipups in service.  I suspect more stars can be easily earned by noise dampening and fewer mistakes.  I know I would order more of these yummy treats!
1	I LOVE Jimmy Johns however this location is absolutely HORRIBLE! Do not expect your ordered food to show up! I ordered a sandwich and received a call 15 minutes later saying they were short on drivers and it would be 30 minutes. I was polite and let them know that would be fine. Over an hour later when my sandwich still hadn't been delivered I called the store and asked about the order. The manager told me they put the sandwich in the fridge to keep it cold and the delivery guy could not find the sandwich so they voided the order. They offered to deliver the sandwich and provide a full refund for the order. I let them know my disappointment and agreed. After that point it took another 45 minutes to receive my order. Over all it took 2 hours. NEVER ordering from this Jimmy Johns again.
1	Terrible customer service, I live 1.5 miles from this location. I tried calling the store several times, but I either got put on hold or no one picked up. I decided to walk over there, turns out their delivery radius is not based on mileage, but a 5 minute travel time. What deceptive advertising, no wonder you can be "freaky fast" when you only travel 5 minutes.
1	So disappointed!  Gone twice now,  & still felt hungry. ..Their sandwiches are small. SUBWAY is better!
3	Road Trip Notable Nosh #7 (See Lists)Although this is a chain, I've never been to a Jimmy John's before, and have to say, I much prefer it to our other on-the-road staple Subway.In many parts of France and Belgium, they serve the most amazing sandwiches on thin, foot long baguettes, with freshly baked bread and quality, not overflowing ingredients... at rest stops and train stations!  This place reminded me of those sandwiches.  We got the Italian "sub" and a tuna salad with cucumbers.  The tuna sandwich was amazing.  I don't know if it was the dressing for the fish, the fresh, thinly sliced cucumbers, or the chewy dense bread.  We also got gourmet BBQ chips and salt and vinegar chips.  The crunch paired nicely with the flavorful bites of sandwich.  For a quick lunch, I am definitely on the look-out for this chain near our new home in LA!
2	I have loved jimmy john's for about 10 years now and consistently ordered from there in 3 different states that I've lived in. I work a couple blocks down and order from there about once a week. Average wait time is at least a half hour. They NEVER give me napkins. This is small.. but very annoying. To top it off their sandwiches just aren't what I'm used to from jimmy johns. The meat never tastes right. Anyways. I just ordered my last sub from there. It's a sad day
5	I am a busy man that needs instant gratification when it comes to lunch delivery.  This place gets the job done!  At other locations, I've accidentally had an ingredient added or chips forgotten... They always correct their wrong!  Whether it is running you what they had forgotten (5 minutes or less) or giving you a credit for the next time you order!  It's fast, fresh, convenient and I have never experienced any negative customer service.  Keep up the good work!
3	I love jimmy johns :) I love the company and how they are freaky fast the subs are amazing ..however this location is a disappointment I live right by it and it takes them 45 min to an hour .. Although when you walk in it's pretty fast but still the night shift delivery blows
5	Ohh the italian sub is just fantastic! Thick, full, fresh! Far better than your average fast food sandwich store ! !
