4	I stopped by this truck this past Saturday with my girlfriend as part of the North Hills Food Truck Roundup outside of Coffee Buddha.  We decided to go with this truck as opposed to the others mostly out of the fact that I love polish food and they had a shorter line which was moving fairly quickly.  After my first pass of their menu I got excited as they seemed to have a lot of different flavors of pierogies .  However my excitement soon went to disappointment whenever I found out that they only had the potato ones to eat there while the rest were frozen and could be purchased to be cooked at home. So after scanning the menu a second time I ultimately decided on one of their platters which I split with my girlfriend since we had both eaten shortly before.  The platter consisted of 3 potato piergoies, haluski and stuffed cabbage.  I first tried the pierogies which seemed to be covered in butter and tasted pretty good.  The dough had a decent thickness to it, but not too thick, and the dough to potato filling was pretty much perfect.  Next I tried the haluski which was a bit bland for my tastes but decent enough.  Last but not least I tried the stuffed cabbage.  It was covered in a tomato sauce that was a bit sweeter than I was expecting but still tasted pretty good.The bottom line for me is that I could see myself stopping by here again if the truck was around.  While it wasn't the most amazing food that I have ever eaten, I still enjoyed it and found it to be reasonably priced for good polish comfort food.
4	One of the best food truck deals is the Polish Platter #1 from the Pittsburgh Pierogi Truck.  It includes pierogies, haluski and stuffed cabbage.  And the portions are so big that I can usually make two meals out of it.Now I know it's called the "Pierogi" Truck, and yes, the pierogies are good, but my favorite thing is definitely their stuffed cabbage.  It's gotta be that sauce.  It's a tomato sauce with a bit of a sweetness to it....that makes it delicious!It should be noted that yes, they do have a whole list of pierogies on the side of the truck.  However they are only available frozen (which is why I deducted 1 star).  I understand, it's a small truck, but it would be nice to maybe mix in some other flavors into what is made hot and ready.  Maybe even rotate two different flavors so patrons can try some variety.  It's really just a suggestion, not a complaint.  I still went for a package of the frozen potato and bacon pierogies to go.  I mean, with bacon, how could I not?  They weren't bad, but I think they would have been better if they had been cooked in the truck.
1	We stopped by this truck at the Tanger outlets located by the Meadowlands in Washington this past weekend as part of their food truck promotion.  I thought the idea of food trucks was good food?  I swear the pierogies are from Mrs Ts, and the cabbage rolls were undercooked so much that I could not even cut the cabbage with the plastic knife that was given with the platter.  And if you are going to have a platter of perogies and cabbage rolls why not use a box with a divider that keeps the butter and sauce separated?  Sorry, very disappointing.
1	I ordered online from them.  They charged my credit card, never shipped the product, and I'm still waiting on a refund.  They were supposed to be for my mother's birthday.  Please do not support this business.  Their lack of professionalism and response is appalling.
5	To all that have commented. Thank you for your input. As part of the Pgh Pierogi truck crew of two, I can tell you that we consider all suggestions. The reason why we only sell potato and cheese hot and ready is its what 95% of our customer base wants. And we also have a very small truck with only enough room for 3 hot items. We also being a business have to reduce waste by throwing out as little product as possible. If we serve say sourkraut pierogi a lot of them would go to waste.As to the comment about our pierogi being Mrs. T's. I can assure you they are not. As far as we are concerned Mrs. T's are ravioli. Call Mrs. T's they will tell you. And our Stuffed cabbage. My wife and her mother make them by hand 3-400 of them a week. They are baked for nearly 6 hrs. The sauce is her grandmothers and that's the way we make it. Your grandmother is our biggest competitor which we cannot beat but strive to do so.
5	Best pierogis in the city! And being in Pittsburgh that says a lot. Haluski is pretty awesome to with the bacon!
4	This is an example of doing 1 thing, and doing it well.   It's potato and chedder pierogis on a truck made well.   You can get them with a bacon on top or with Haluski, they sell other pierogi flavors frozen to make at home, but you're here for food now. I would say these are some of the better pierogis in the area, and it's great to hit up this truck when it is in the area to me for a nice change of pace to my usual lunch choices.
5	i'm from new orleans and omg i had my first pierogie, stuffed cabbage with egg noodles from this truck and it was absolutely amazing!!! i'm dying for more of this goodness!!!!
2	Ahhhhh it pains me to write this review, because I want to be encouraging of any business that is selling deliciousness on wheels.But if I'm being honest...Gang, these pierogies were not very good :(We ate at this truck a couple of months ago when they were part of a food truck round up in the North Hills. I love pierogies and was so excited to try them here. We got an order of the potato and cheddar. The pieorgie shell was okay...fairly tender and chewy, like a good shell should be. But the filling is really where I think the pierogie magic should happen, and there was something very off about these. The filling was strangely dry and had a very odd sort of crumbly, chunky texture...kind of like a mealy cottage cheese. I could taste no cheddar flavor or really any flavor at all...the filling was very bland. Between the odd texture and the lack of flavor, both my husband and I agreed that these were probably among the worst pierogies we'd ever tried in the 'Burgh. Super disappointing.On the positive side, the prices were reasonable and the guy who helped me out at the truck was very nice. Maybe I just got an "off" batch or something. I WANT to believe in you, Pierogie Truck!
