4	I know I'm not the funniest review writer - but I have a feeling this review is going to make you laugh...Why? You ask...Because of what prompted my visit to Debon Spa last week.My BF has this way of looking at me that makes me feel beautiful.  That is until I look back at him and I see that he's not looking at me with adoration, he's actually examining my face - specifically, he's examining my upper lip.  Yes - he's looking to see if I have what I've so pleasantly heard others refer to as a "lady stache" - a mustache - ugh!So, I'm only human... and on occasion I have hair growth on my body in places that I don't necessarily want it... like my upper lip and in between my eye brows!As soon as I saw the examining look, I knew I had to take care of it... and fast!  I'm pretty self-conscious as it is!  So, after the scenario above, I was headed to Starbucks for some caffeine (doesn't caffeine always pick you up when you're down?)... and I decided to pop into Debon for a wax.Lucky for me, it was a slow day, and they got me in right away.  Lee took care of the stache, and cleaned up the eye brows too... and for $20 + a tip, I felt pretty again - oh so worth it!Do me a favor, and please don't mention this review or examine my face when you see me... it was uncomfortable enough for me to write this.  Thanks in advance!
5	Don't worry Gabi!  I'm here to rescue you from being the only awkward one on this page - men, just stop reading now.  When that time of the month came - no, not THAT time of the month - the time to go lay on a table and have scolding hot wax smeared on your hootchie to be violently ripped off by a tiny Vietnamese woman with such force you thought she was Chuck Norris. I opted for a recommendation from Queen Gabi to avoid the disappointment and pain I've experienced with too many waxers.They kindly took me as a walk in even though they were close to closing.  The woman led me to the back, asked me to get ready and she'd be right back in.  "Right back" seemed to be a loose term here, because I was left sitting on a table with no pants on for almost 15 minutes!  Normally this would be a big no-go for me,  but her demeanor and skills made up for it later.  She was very sweet, thorough, and gentle - well as gentle as you can be in this situation - and did her best to lower my level of awkwardness while holding my leg over my head Chuck Norrising my downtown.  She is good stuff though, as i left with very little redness or swelling and smooth as a baby's bottom in 20 minutes.   She followed up with my eyebrows, doing another amazing job by not overdooing it or ruining my more natural shape, again with very little redness or swelling.  The whole thing cost $50 which is pretty damn good, and after tipping my new found wax ripping friend generously, I walked out smooth and happy as a clam.  I would DEFINITELY recommend anyone in waxing-need to head over here as they do a truly awesome job.
1	Wow, this was the worst eyebrow wax I have ever had. I read the other two reviews and I wonder if I even went to the same place. I didn't have enough time to run to my usual waxer somewhere else so I decided to run in here and get it done. I should have ran away when I saw the eyebrows of the lady that was waxing me. I specifically told her that I just wanted a clean-up and I did not want them thinned. Well, I guess she didn't understand or didn't care because she took almost all my eyebrows and even loop-sided one of them. She also proceeded to burn me, not clean me up, and leave wax on my eyebrows so that I had to rub oil all over when I got home to get off. Please beware when going here for an eyebrow waxing.
2	It's not my favorite place and they didn't do a flawless job- but I went in and got my regular gel manicure that I always get.  I was just lazy so I popped in here since it's closer to my house than my regular place.I was seated right away so A+ for that.... but the guy that did my nails was a smoker and must have just had a smoking break because he was stinky :(  On top of that... his hands were less than pretty.  I get that when you work on nails w/ acrylic and a million different shades of nail polish that you might not have a fantastic manicure but putting on some lotion and filing down your nails would make me more comfortable.  If you know how to take care of you own hands then I'll have more confidence that you can take care of mine.The last critique that I have (and this just may be me) but they had the television turned onto one of those Deadliest Catch type shows and while I wanted to relax and pamper myself I was also stuck watching a bunch of fish getting their heads chopped off.  Less than relaxing.I'll probably skip over this place next time I come looking for a manicure.
4	This place is close to my house and I usually go on a Saturday morning. I've been going for almost a year, however, the past few times I have been, before I even make it to my car my nails are ruined. Also, there are times on Saturday monrings when I feel rushed or if I pay for a special pedicure, I don't feel like I am getting the whole experience. So yesterday when I needed a pedicure and eyebrow wax asap, I was trying to think of other places in the area to go to. I knew places would be closing soon, so I headed over. I think it was a sign to meet Nancy.Although Nancy said she is only off on Mondays, I've never had her as a technician. She was great! Although they were closing, I didn't feel rushed, I could actually sit and relax! She also did a fantastic job with my eyebrows. I made a point to ask her schedule and although I've never asked for a particular technician before, I will now.ASK FOR NANCY!
1	My experience here was horrible. The water for my pedicure was cold and the eye brow wax was less than thorough. Also, they only accept cash tips which caught me by surprise. I will not be returning.  If anyone out there has a great nail place, I'd like to know.
4	I liked this place a lot. It is clean, neat and comfortable. They have a special for $35 you get a mani/pedi. The gentleman who gave me my mani/pedi did great. I unfortunately did not catch his name :( but he took his time, he was patient when I couldnt understand him (because lets be honest, sometimes its hard to understand people who have a different language as their primary language and they arent always nice about having to repeat themselves) and he made it a point to make me feel like I was welcome and should just relax.I thought I got what I paid for and was happy with my services. Must bring cash tip though- they can not charge tips to credit cards. This aspect was a little annoying, but I will just plan ahead better next time so I dont have to walk across the street to the bank.
4	went this place for my first mani/pedi in AZ. just moved from S CA and was nervous finding a place to equal to the one at "home". debon was nicely decorated and clean. pretty busy but my husband and i were service right away. his pedi was fast and he picked the $35 option which included callus remover and massage. he liked it. i got the $35 mani/pedi special and wasn't disappointed. i will go back.
1	Just had the worst gel manicure ever and the experience was awful. I had to sit and watch as one techinician practically assaulted a customer only to be yelled at and basically pushed out the door by the owner for complaining. All the while the owner was yelling in Vietnamese. My own gel nails are so horrible that I am tempted to have them done over tomorrow somewhere else. Some of the technicians are good in there, I have been in there before but after today I will go elsewhere.
1	Never again!  Horrible work, went in for a quick manicure ($15) on Sunday, by Monday it was chipping.  Tech only spent like 5 mins on my nails before painting. Waste of money!Ps. Only cash for tips
5	i go to debon every 3 weeks for aki the hairdresser.  she's very nice and asks you a lot of quesitons to make sure you get what you want.  she is reasonably priced.
2	Foot massage was horrible. I told him to do it harder but he didn't. Nice people but not great service. The nail polish chipped the next day.
2	Okay. . .where do I begin?  I stayed with my bro. in North Phoenix last summer and his wife recommended this place, so I went a few times.  I've never had shellac done (don't even know if i'm spelling it right, so please excuse me for that)  The first time I got the shellac French manicure and the results were fabulous.  I wore a perfect shellac French manicure that lasted for 4 weeks.  When I went back to get the same thing redone after four weeks the work was not the same.  After 3 days the shellac began to peel off on the edges and my nails looked ghastly by day 5!  Come to find out my sister-in law had the same experience but she hadn't mentioned it to me because she thought it might have been a fluke.  That was last summer, I went back a few weeks ago because I was visiting my brother again and this place is conveniently around the block from him and I got the $35 mani/pedi, my cuticles weren't even touched and they looked dry after they were done.  The manicurist accidently smudged my polish on my big toe and just put more polish over it instead of redoing the nail.  On my finger nails. . . if I pull back my skin there was nail filing dust in there on all nails and again my cuticles weren't cleaned up and they looked so dry.  I think i'll find somewhere else to get my nails done.
1	Wow! By far the WORST manicure I've ever had!!!!!Horrible service. Do yourself a favor and go to the nail place next to Pita Jungle. They do a super job and are very courtious and friendly.
1	This was by far the worst salon experience imaginable. I made an appointment for 3pm and was put in a chair to soak my feet. It took 30 mins before anyone came over! One hour later I sat down to get a manicure and the woman to my left was furious because they cut her cuticles so far down they were red and swollen. After a 30 minute wait, the gal painted my nails so fast that polish was all over my fingers. She knocked my pointer with her hand and smudged the whole nail. And by the time I got home three nails we bubbled and chipped. Save yourself the time an money. Go elsewhere.
2	If you're looking for a basic manicure or spa pedicure De Bon Nails does a pretty good job. The prices are reasonable, it's comfortable, and relatively clean. If you're wanting acrylics, gel manicures, etc. you're better off going elsewhere. I started getting gel manicures over the summer. They're supposed to last 2-3 weeks. With one exception, the four I had done at De Bon Nails lasted a week before breaking/peeling. They never offered to fix them and when I asked why it was happening they just shrugged. The last time I went I suspect the woman giving me my manicure was being coached by the person sitting next to her (not 100% sure since they weren't speaking English). And I had three nails break off within five days. Since I started going elsewhere I haven't these problems. Which leads me to think it is the salon/manicurist as opposed to my nails.
1	First time I went to Debon I was looking for a cheap but good serviced pedicure.  I liked my first visit as the lady spent awhile giving me a foot/leg massage which is my favorite part.  The nail polished chipped after only a week but I figured it was because I had spent a lot of time in the pool.  I went a second time to treat my grandma and cousin.  They rushed us around, had different techs work on us, spend barely anytime on our massages and I was not happy.  Again, my pedi chipped within a week.  It was busy on my second visit but that is not an excuse, I felt like they were just trying to get as many people in and out as possible.  I will not be going back.  Note:  They ask you to use cash so they get their tips right away.  I felt guilty since I never carry cash on me.
1	I went in for a pedicure and left disappointed. I was asked to take a seat in a chair for my pedi and the water was freezing. When asked for it to be hotter, I was told they would be right back and 5 min later I was still sitting there (with my feet now out of the water because I was cold). When they finally got to my pedicure it was rushed and the menu of services for a pedicure was like a dinner menu. They seemed to be more worried about getting me in and out rather than if i was happy with the service. Also, you can not add gratuity to your credit card so if you don't have cash... Too bad! I went one other time to get nails put on a few years ago and my nail was crooked. When asked about it, the employee told me my finger was crooked and not the nail. I tried to give the place another chance, but after this last experience I will not be going back
1	Worst manicure/pedicure place in Phoenix. They are done in about 10 minutes and are rude while you're there. The place is dirty also. I went because of the location and I would not go back.
1	I agree with the genreral one star reviews on here. First time I came here I got my eyebrows waxed and a manicure by the owner. Let me just say... Worst eye brow wax ever and was not impressed with my manicure at all. I've gone back a couple times after because I really wanted to like this place and give it another chance since it is really close to my home. Sadly, I have been disappointed after each mani/pedi. My sister and her friend were here visiting from Texas and happened to go here before I could warn them. I felt so bad when my sister came home very upset because the person doing her pedi cut her toenails way to short not ONCE but TWICE!! So short that her toe nails started bleeding. She tried to be polite and tell him he was hurting her ( since he couldn't tell by her facial expression) but made her feel like she was being a baby about the whole thing. He slapped her foot when she was trying to pull away when he cut her and pored alcohol on the cut right after. Who does that?!??? Needless to say her whole experience was ruined and she left their felling stressed and in pain. Anyone who has ever had their toe nails cut to short knows how painful this can be. She didn't get an apology in fact, the guy was laughing at her because he thought it was a joke that she was in pain. So upsetting!
1	I've tried this place 3 times because it's so close to my house. Unfortunately, I've been disappointed with their shamefully sloppy gel manicures each time. They always rush through the gel and either put the polish on way to thick or they don't give it enough time to dry between coats. Plus all the employees are rude and hateful. Like I said, I wish they were better because it's so close to home. Unfortunately, I'm much better off driving an extra 5 minutes to a place that does a decent job.
1	This place was horrible!!!! I usually go to Shiny Nails on 67th and Happy Valley but I wanted to get my nails done with a friend who lives in that area. I figured it would be okay since I just needed a fill and a new gel color but nope! The woman who did my nails was in such a hurry she wasn't even paying attention (even though the place wasn't busy AT ALL and they had employees just sitting around doing nothing). I have really small nails so when they use the tool to smooth out the nail, sometimes they will hit the skin around my nail. This woman literally made every single one of my fingers bleed, I have scabs all around my nails and four days later and my nails are still so sore. When I told her my skin is sensitive and please to be more careful, she told me it was my fault cause I was moving!! Then she continued to do it and it got worse after that! I also asked for my nails to be very square and she made them round and completely uneven. At the end she charged my card and when I asked if I could add a tip she said no, they can't do tips on credit cards! I didn't have any cash on me so I didn't tip her. They should have a sign or something telling their customers in advance cause not everyone carries cash. I am pretty positive the woman who did my nails was the owner or manger by the way she acted so you would think she would be more professional. The who situation just blew my mind. I ended up going to my usual nail salon a day later so they could fix the sloppy work this place did. My friends experience was also horrible. I will never go there again and I will never recommend it to anyone. I guess I learned my lesson on trying a different salon. If you can go anywhere else, do it! Not only is the work they do horrible but they are rude as well! I am not the type to look up a place just to write a bad review but this place was so bad that I had to. Hope this helps anyone looking to get their nails done there - my advice, stay away!! :)
1	The staff is rude, on the phone during your service and on top of it, the place is not clean.  This is a chop shop.  In and out.  No attention to detail whatsoever.  Gel manicures by Mark are good, but don't waste your time with anyone else here.
4	I'm surprised this place has gotten so many bad reviews. If you are on vacation and need a quick spot to stop in to get a mani/pedi- this is a great, inexpensive place to pop in. I got a chocolate pedicure that was fantastic, and my gel polish application was very speedy. Definitely didn't quite understand the esthetic I was going for-- but that's pretty typical, lol. The pedicure definitely is why I am giving this spot 4 stars ;)
1	Unfortunately this place has gone from ok to bad. I used to go here and stoped about a year ago. I was always happy with my mani pedi or acrylics when I left.  I went for my birthday yesterday, with a friend, I told the girl what I wanted and sat down to have my pedi. After repeating how I can't have my legs scrubbed or lotion on, the lady ignored me and tried anyways, I told her no, again, and she kept going. I had to actually take her hands off my legs. On top of that they almost burned my feet off, they cut my skin "trimming" my cuticles, on both my toes and fingers, the nail polish was sloppy all-around,  and she ignored what colour gem I wanted. My poor friend had her feet scrubber raw,and dont even get me started on her sloppy uneven acrylics and the fact that her skin was pulled of her finger tip when the lady pulled off the dried acrylic mess she made. She also had cuts all over her fingers from Cuticle trimming. She paid $100 for that crap and I paid $60 and realized after if we had gotten the more expensive $55 pedicure, we got a free manicure too. Instead we got ripped off and the lady had enough gahonas to ask for a tip.  Awful. Never going back
4	Not sure why there is such bad reviews. ..i got a pedicure it was relaxing and professional.  The polish was put on great not sloppy. ..only reason I did not do 5 stars cause they don't allow tips on credit card...bring cash for their tip
1	I bought a gift certificate for a very good friend.  ONLY to realize the Salon put a 3 month expiration on it in fine print.  That is TERRIBLE, to make your recipient  HAVE TO USE IT within a certain time frame.  So I am out $35.00 and my friend didn't even get the pleasure of using it  :(
4	I have been going to Kelly at this salon for about 6 months. She does a great job with gel manicures. It lasts and looks good. I have gone to several salons in the area and found hers to be the best.
