5	Warmer weather = time to get my sandals repaired.  This will prevent my feet from inflicting a nasty sweat storm in my closed-toe shoes.  And getting stank.  Getting your shoes repaired is never one of those things that's at the top of your list, ya know?  It kind of gets kicked down a few notches when you have to worry about bills, taxes, work, evil DMV shenanigans, etc.  Anyway, I'm going off on a tangent here.  I took my shoes to this place called Jim's Shoe and Boot Repair on Baseline, across the road from my workplace (it's between Mill and Kyrene on Baseline- on the right side of the road going east.  I would always notice it when I'd drive by and think, "yeah, I need to get around to that sandal thing."  The shopping center it's located in doesn't believe in individualized shop signs I suppose because above each are generic signs indicating services rendered there like "Hair," "Nails," "Shoe Repair."  Maybe that makes the business easier to notice, without proper nouns there to get you confused?  I don't know.  I walked in, showed the lady behind the counter my shoes, and she simply said "have a seat."  I had the impression it'd be a drop-off and pick-up-later deal.  But she was able to fix my sandals in 5 minutes!  And it was only $6.50.  She also saw the tattered leather strap on my purse and fixed that for me free of charge!  She mentioned she didn't like to see things in poor condition.  I offered her a generous tip, but she kindly refused.  I walked out of there thoroughly pleased with my decision to take my business there.  If I ever need any shoe repair again, I'd be there in an instant!
3	They did an O-K job.  They were very timely and incredibly nice.  The issue I had was with the craftsmanship.  I had some leather insoles on a pair of sandals replaced and they used the old ones as a pattern.  The cutting on the new ones isn't straight.  It almost seems like they traced it and then just took a pair of scissors and had at it.  They're not unwearable, so I'll keep 'em as is but I might look for a replacement pair.  Also, it was light blue leather originally and they replaced it with white.  Not my favorite choice, but I can live with it.  It wasn't very expensive and it's a small revival for some of my favorite sandals.  I would go back here, but only for things like heel caps and small repairs.  Great folks and great customer service.
5	I've been going to JIm's Shoe Repair since I moved into the area in 2008. I happen to wear a lot of business shoes in which the rubber heal wears down to the metal portion, and I either slip or "clank" when I walk. Jim's work is very good, extremely quick and priced well. I have utilized many other shoe repair places in the Phx-metro area and even now that I don't live near Jim's - I still take my shoes there. It's a small mom 'n pop shop and I'm happy to help keep him in business.
1	I went into this shop with the simple issue of a loose heel on a pair of Charles David peep-toe pumps. In hindsight, I should have just bought myself some Gorilla Glue and done the repair myself. These were my MOST favorite shoes and they butchered them. What did they do? Let me count the ways:1. Scratched and scraped the acrylic heel all over2. Screwed two GIANT screws into the heel from the inside of the shoe3. To try and cover them up, they inserted a humungous pad...that was dirty...and it elevated my foot almost to the point of it no longer being in the shoe at all.4. Glue. Everywhere.5. Must have had it in some kind of vice while being heated because it is completely misshapen. When I brought all of these things to the attention of the man at the counter (as I was fighting back tears, literally) he looked at me and said "you still have to pay".I will never, ever go back here and would not recommend this place to anyone. If I could give zero stars, I would.
5	This Place has been here forever. I mean as long as I can remember.It is a family owned bussiness which to me the great!It is close to where I drive by a lot and a nice big parking lot as well.I have shoes inserts this time that I took in to have repaired. They said they would have them ready the next day, and they did. Good as new.Plus a resonable price as well.I have bought all sorts of shoes here over the years to be repaired , and I have always been happy with the results.  They are open Monday thru Saturday. What more could you want?
4	I had to get my character shoes (AKA dance shoes) resoled for a show. This place is very close to my house, so decided to give them a try. The lady who helped me was very nice and the work was done well and on time. I will return!
