5	Some of my walls were water-damaged as a result of my upstairs neighbor's leakage and plumbing issues.  My neighbor hired Cassaro Construction to remedy the problem.  I don't know the amount of payment or Cassaro's hourly rate--my review is only for the services they provided.First, I think there was a Project Manager, Tom J., because multiple units in the stack were affected by the water damage.  Tom was friendly, professional, and knowledgeable.  The workers cut out patches of the drywall where they suspected water damage.  Next, blowers were used for a day to dry the inside of the walls.  The next day, workers came back to put in new drywall, match the paint color, and paint the walls.  The entire project took less than 5 days, and Tom popped in and out of my condo to supervise the progress.  Also, if I had any questions, Tom was always a phone call away.  When Tom noticed that the ceiling had imperfect seams (where the new drywall was attached), he rescheduled a worker to come back on a different day so the ceiling can be done to his high standards (even without me asking).All workers were very courteous.  They taped off the work areas with painters plastic sheeting so the rooms would have minimum dust and paint splatters.  Cassaro did not do plumbing in my unit--they fixed water-damaged walls, put in new drywalls and painted.  Overall, I am happy with the speed and quality of Cassaro's work, and I would recommend them to family and friends.
4	Usually my husband can do the home repairs and maintenance for our home. This weekend my honey-do list turned into a disaster. Came home, got the good news...leak problem was fixed. The bad news..the main valve to turn the water back on broke and the repair was beyond the basic home repair job. Greaaat...just swell...not what I wanted to hear. So for the first time ever we had to call a plumber. I referred to the list of contractors that our HVAC guys gave us and husband called Cassaro Plumbing. We relayed our problem and was told they can have someone out here the same night. They were upfront as since it was after hours it would cost more, or we can wait till morning and save money.  Well you know me, there's no way I can wait. I want it done now! (That's why my nickname is Veruca) The plumber arrived here within an hour of our call.  He was professional and confirmed yes the valved had corroded and it was just a matter of time that it would happen. (crappy timing you stupid valve!). Told us how much for labor per hour and parts. We approved. So he got to work on the valve, didn't waste time and also went ahead and checked the leak problem.  2 hours later..Good news... we have a brand new valve, water is flowing thru our home!  So if I have to call a plumber again, I know we can rely on these guys. We paid a reasonable amount for the repair and they are trustworthy.
5	Great customer service and very reliable. We started using them after we had an emergency at a high rise and they came out super late to fix the problem. We manage over 100 properties and use them as our go to company for property management plumbing repairs.
1	This was by far the worst experience I have had with a plumber.  What should have been an easy fix was a disaster.The plumber ' Johnny' was totally unprepared when he first arrived and had to go to Home Depot to get parts. Home Depot is about a 5 minute drive from our house but this trip took this guy over an hour. When he finally returned,  he messed around for a short while and determined that he still didn't have what he needed. So, he said that he would have to come back at 5:30 the next day. I stressed that I had company coming and needed him to fix it asap. At 4:45 the next day, I got a call saying that he couldn't make it after all. He said that he could make it at 8 am the next morning to fix it.  Needless to say, 8 am the next day came and went and he was not at my house. He finally arrived about 45 minutes late. He was still unprepared and asked to use some of our tools to complete the job. I definitely do not recommend this company,  especially this plumber 'Johnny'. Absolutely horrible!
