5	I stopped into this new Pilates studio in Henderson. It is right off St. Rose Parkway and 215 Beltway. It was a 10 minute drive from the Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada. Very nice inside with a welcoming vibe and culture. Very knowledgeable instructors that are trained in the Stott method. As I have researched, Stott is the most progressive and advanced method in Pilates. I really got a good workout and Caterina, the owner, instructed me personally. I showed her where I had pain and she gave me a plan to be free of my back pain that I have suffered with for years. I highly recommend this studio regardless of your age, gender, or fitness level. The people there are wonderful and not intimidating as some other studios can be.
5	This studio is great, the instructor is amazing,they offer great variety of classes suited for your level..Thinking to try ??? You will have a great experience there
5	The BEST Pilates studio in Las Vegas. They teach the STOTT Pilates method. Warm, welcoming environment. Great place for beginners. Absolutely no attitude or pretension.
5	Cat is amazing!! She works with all skill levels and is an expert at what she does.
5	The studio is amazing! I have been suffering from back pain for years but now with the help of pilates, I don't suffer any longer. I recommend this studio for anyone that wants to get in shape and move freely without pain. I have been to a few studios in Las Vegas but this one is the best!!!
5	I'm a newbie to Las Vegas, and it took me a couple months to find the right studio for me here. So, I tried the Green Room PIlates and LOVED it from the start.  Cat, the owner, is an EXCELLENT instructor.  Since it had been a loooong hiatus for me, her level 1 class was perfect -- she cued my body into the right positions, and was so great at correcting my form (and other students).  She is super sweet and professional, which is one of the many reasons I kept returning for more classes.  I've taken Shelley and Kelly's classes too, who are also both excellent/fun instructors.   If you haven't tried Pilates, or hadn't done it in a while, I recommend taking at least one private session.  They use the Stott machines, which is very similar to the Balanced Body machines I was used to.  The studio is clean and inviting, and you would not regret giving this place a shot.
