3	Went to the opening night of the Raeburn Hotel last week, and it was hopping. The staff was extremely friendly, and considering how new they are they were pretty efficient. It's a BIG place, and very noisy, and the lighting was a bit bright for my taste, but that can be fixed. What is more difficult to fix is that it comes off as just a bit ...*bland*.  There are other places in Stockbridge that have a lot more personality. However, I am really looking forward to sitting outside on their huge patio when it gets a bit warmer (assuming that they will be putting tables out front when the weather cooperates). They do have a terrace with heat lamps on the first floor, but I don't know if it's open to the public, as there was a sign on the stairs saying 'residents only'.I didn't eat there, so I can't comment on the food, but my margaritas were well-made.
4	I've yet to have a meal here but am looking forward to it immensely. The menu is fancy pub grub but I've been told it's pretty tasty.The reason I'm loving on The Raeburn is their fantastic outdoor terrace. I made the trek across town two days in a row just to sit outside and enjoy a drink in the sun. Equally enjoyed my time indoors when the sun decided it was only fleeting! Service could do with a bit of work to match the quality of the surroundings. We were left standing at the bar for 5 minutes after asking to see a menu and second time I was left at the bar after one of the bartenders so obviously saw me but walked out of the bar without so much as a 'someone will be with you shortly'.But with beer gardens few and far between in Edinburgh, I've no doubt I'll be back again soon.
4	Popped in here for a few drinks after lunch in Stockbridge and was quite impressed.  Great range of beers and spirits available and the bar staff I spoke to were pleasant and knowledgeable.  Was quite a dressy crowd, though this could have been people out for Father's Day lunches and the atmosphere was quite relaxed.I'll definitely be back and would like to return for food at some point.
5	I have been dying to try this place because of its outside appearance and location so was very pleased to have a great experience in the restaurant after others seemed uncertain after their visits. The service was fantastic. We were greeted warmly at the door and our waiter was really attentive and helpful.Most of us had the amazing Eggs Benedict- three with salmon and one with bacon. Delicious! Our other friend had the vegetarian breakfast which she said was also, lovely! Add to that, the perfect flat whites, loose leaf teas and orange juice and you have a happy group of ladies. I love that dogs are allowed and the decor is modern gastropub at its best. On a sunny day there are tables out front and a lovely deck upstairs. Winning.
5	I was looking for an easy working lunch with a colleague and had also wanted to try the Raeburn for a while. I am happy to say everything from the service, wine list, food and setting was excellent. We were served by 2-3 staff members during what appeared to be a busy lunch for them, although it wasn't noticed in the service quality.The staff were eloquent in promoting the specials and providing recommendations on the menus. There was some great options for food, however, I have to admit we opted for the burgers (sometimes you just want some easy comfort food, even in the surroundings of the Raeburn). I thought my burger was excellent and well prepared however my colleague, who was Californian announced it was one of the best burgers he has had in many years! I think he made me appreciate the burger a little more, having an American say it was one of the best?Kudos to the staff and management! I look forward to coming many more times!
4	Quite often pop in here if in Stockbridge.Nice addition to Stockbridge, not had food here yet but been for drinks a few times and they have spaces for locking up your bike. I've biked down a few times to sit in the beer garden which is lovely on a sunny day :-)So, why I like The Raeburn:Prices are actually decentSitting outside in the summerHouse gin is Tanqueary and combined with the draft tonic, they do a great G&TDecent range of beers on tapPlenty of toilets in the ladies (always a bonus!)It can get really busy and service then can get a bit hit and miss.Will go back and have food.
1	First  (and last) visit here on Saturday 29/11/2014.Lunchtime, and Raeburn looked initially inviting, lovely decor which suggested a fine dining experience.   We were seated at the rear in a pleasantly appointed booth; then things started to go wrong.  After scanning the menu it appeared that if you don't like chips your choices will be limited.  And so it proved, the menu is formulaic, you either take it or leave it!  On being asked if it was possible to have the steak dish without chips, and potatoes or a salad as an alternative, it was made bluntly apparent that neither was even considered and dismissed out of hand by the waiter who clearly had no intention of attempting to fulfill his diners' requests.  Must say his attitude spoiled the whole meal. So it shows that a simple inability to even attempt to meet a request can  destroy the obvious good impression of the decor
4	Had a wonderful dinner here with a friend. It was a Sunday night, so pretty quiet. Service was pleasant. The drinks were wonderful and the menu easily fit our minimal appetites. Loved the Halloumi salad but I love Halloumi in any form. Be that as it may, I would definitely consider returning on my next visit to Edinburgh.
