5	I would have to completely disagree with Tom, Spices is one of my new favorite restaurants. I have tried most things on the menu and I continue to be impressed with the quality and freshness of the food.The chicken schwarma is delicious, with almost a cinnamon after-taste to it. The falafel is not as dry as most Middle Eastern restaurants I have been to. Every person I have taken here has fallen in love with it!The owner is a really great guy who is eager to share his passion for food and is willing to go out of his way to satisfy his customers. If you want to read more about it azcentral did a review on them and I believe they truly captured the "true flavors" of this restaurant:http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/01/03/20080103spices.html
4	Hmm..I have to disagree with Tom too...Spices is very good! I get my nails and toes done at the nail shop next door and on a whim went in for lunch after my mani pedi and was pleasantly surprised! The place is open and airy and every time Ive been here my food always comes out in a reasonable amount of time and the drinks are HUGE! If you're not familiar with Mediterranean/Greek/Israeli food then the menu will look daunting...But the safe starter would be the chicken schwarma. Its basically like a gyros and best served in a soft pita. I like mine with the spicy jalapeno (I forgot the actual name of it) like sauce on the side to give it more of a kick! It's served with thin sliced pickles and a side of tahini sauce (ask for extra, it's yummy!). What I do like is that the owner, Etgar,  or  like on my last visit the cook, comes around and asks you how your meal is and is very friendly without being overly fake! Its a nice touch! Spices also serves homemade desserts including baklava and sweet malawach. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is because every time Ive been in there its been too cold. The fans have me freezing and I'm not a fan of eating outside...  Give Spices a try, you won't be disappointed! *BONUS: They serve BEER and WINE and have a HAPPY HOUR!
5	Oh, yes, I have to disagree with the nay-sayers. Spices is my regular Friday night place... the Sundried Tomato Soup is a must, although it's a bit warm to eat in the summer. The Aegean Salad is one of my faves, and so is the Chicken Shwarma. If you like it hot, you can have them make it spicy... it has quite a kick! I had never had Turkish Coffee before going there for the first time, and it's delicious, but word to the wise, don't drink it too late! Also, the stuffed grape leaves are awesome, very lemony.  Last week I tried the Garlic Potato Bourekas. My new favorite! As I understand, they're about the add a lot more items to the menu.
5	I opened last weeks savvy shopper and saw a coupon for this restaurant.  After checking out Spices on non other than Yelp.com and checking their menu on their web site, I thought that this place was worth a try.  My mom and I were greeted very warmly as soon as we entered the place by the owners ( a husband and wife team).  She told us that the food was made from real family recipes that were from her husbands side of the family.  We decided to order the Labni cheese appetizer, Aegean salad and the Bourekas entree(my favorites were the salad and the entree).  They all had very interesting flavors.  We were very pleased and it was definitely enough food for the two of us.  My mom also ordered an ice tea and stated, as a tea expert, that it tasted fresh (which does not happen at all restaurants).  We sat out on the porch which was nice and quiet.  A bus boy came by to clear our plates as soon as we were done with them which was pleasantly unexpected because this is not a sit-down-waiter type restaurant.  The owners also came by several times to see if we needed anything and if the food met our expectations.  Hands down: this place has the best customer service that I have experienced in a long time.  With great food and great service this meal was a wonderful experience; even for a picky, pregnant, vegetarian like myself!
4	It was good. Place seems clean, owner is fun, food was prepped quick and generally tasted pretty good. None of that drowning in heavy gravy boolshit. I liked it. Perhaps not the best Greek inspired food i ever had, but then i am from NYC and LI so..................."I like"
5	Schnitzel w/ Fries .... WOW that was good.  Got a Falafel appetizer... yum!!  Wife got a Cheese Bourekash which she barely let me have a bite of.  Israeli salad was very fresh and I didn't even get to finish it...it was finished for me.  Owner is very smart...he offers a lunch special..."free fountain drink when you pay cash."
5	*UUUHHHGGGG*  I'm stuffed!  Ate FAR too much!  Food was GREAT again!  Falafel was still very good as was the Gyro!  (Order the French Fries!)
2	I know that two stars seems harsh.  But meh.  I've experienced better.  Dallas G has a policy about giving bad reviews because people put their heart and soul into their food and all, but I really wish they'd put salt in their food instead.I had shawarma beef and lamb on a baguette.  Anything with meat in a pile of grease on a nice baguette should be delicious, right?  No--it had very little flavor, if any at all.  If nothing is a flavor, it had lots of that.  The baguette, far from being crispy on the outside the way a baguette should be, was soft and undercooked seeming.  It fell apart as soon as I picked it up.  Travesty.Look--if you're cooking for others and you taste your food and it doesn't taste like anything, pick up the salt shaker and drop some salt in there.  It's a good start, if nothing else.Completely underwhelming.  Dally loved his salad but I know for a fact that it couldn't have been good because it had arugula on it and arugula tastes like fart.  So two stars.  You won't die if you eat here but it's no way to live, either.
4	So I'm retransitioning to veganism (read Skinny Bitch/Skinny Bastard for more info) and I wouldn't say this is a vegan friendly place in any way. But I tried the salad with tomatos, feta, pecans, and green leafy substance and it was really, really, really tasty. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Poor Richard Z. did not have the same luck with his beef sandwich thing. When I ordered it the owner said it was the best decision I've ever made. Well, I don't know about that... But it was certainly a very good one. He's also gave us a free Red Bull cola, which on its own merits is eh, but I very much appreciated the gesture. Cool guy. Overall, if you want to support a small business with very tasty salads, and you're near Chandler Blvd and the 101, and you don't mind that there wasn't a single female customer in the joint, this is definitely a place to consider.
4	OK Since Sabbudy shut down in Tempe about a year ago I have been looking for a decent replacement. I have been to many places and tried lots of Mediterranean foods but no one could Match teh freshness and taste of my old haunt.I read a couple reviews on this place so today I tried it, First the Humus was fo creamy and flavorful, I could not stop eating it.  Ste Spicy Paprika was a perfect fit.Today I tried the Falafel Sandwich, being street food I figured it would let me know if they know how to cook.  First off, they knew about asking if I wanted Spicy, which of course I did.  The Sauce was a little runny, but the flavor was excellent.  The crisp veggies and Pickle were perfect. I cant wait to come back for the Schwarma plate! I'm in Heaven again, just remember bring your mints, you'll need them when your done!
4	So, after being completely bored with the normal Chipotle, Baja Fresh, Pei wei, blah blah fare for lunch options during the week, and in desperate need of escape from the corporate world - i ventured into Spices after hearing about it from some co-workers.Fantastic!! I've tried the Shawarma plate (both chicken and lamb/meat mix) as well as the gyro plate. In all cases I was pleasantly surprised. My personal choice is to get the hummus as the side (along with the wonderful cucumber/tomato salad) instead of fries. Its very tasty, even if it is a little rich on the tahini-side. The olive oil topping is a nice touch, especially considering how casual this place is, with its walk-up service.The food has always been prepared fresh and quick and is a great choice if you're looking for the right mix of quality, taste and casual-ness.Give it a shot and enjoy!
4	3.5 stars- RecommendQuick Facts: This is not a formal sit down restaurant. You order at the cash register and they bring it to your table. They do serve you on plates and clean up after you so it's not quite Chipotle or Baja Fresh in that manner. Pros: I agree with others. In light of the lack of locally owned restaurants and Middle Eastern ones at that, Spices is a refreshing change. The service is friendly and quick. Prices are fair ($8-10 a meal) and the food is good overall. Their strengths are their kebab, humus and shwarma. I would recommend ordering their plates instead of their individual sandwhichesCons: While Spices is good, it's not great. I would only recommend this place for those who live in Chandler and the South Tempe area. There are better options in other parts of the valley. Their falafel is overcooked and dry. Their gyro meat was tasteless and even had an odor to it. Even their shwarma was shredded and not in nice cube like chunks of grilled meat. I still thought all of those dishes were pretty good in the same way that I feel Baja Fresh is good with regard to burritos. It's tasty, fast, and economical but noteworthy or craveworthy. Here are my recommendations to the owners if they are reading1. Don't overcook your fallatel balls. They are dry and needs salt and some red pepper2. Shwarma - offer some grilled shwarma cubes of white breast meat in the same style that you cook your kebab3. You need to buy new pita bread. It is extremely tough and tasteless4. Gyro - offer larger slices of gyro meat instead of the shoe lace shreds that are offered
5	Their gyros are now a staple in our takeout dinner rotation and their fries are amazing. The meat is super tender and has incredible flavor.The owner is always extremely friendly and really wants his customers to have the best experience possible. Last time I was there he talked us into buying some Greek beers. They were good, but they were $4.50 a piece. Next time I will stick with just a gyro and fries.Try them. You will not be sorry.
3	I had lunch here a few times... it was decent but nothing special. It was so average nothing stands out... it is your basic Mediterranean fast food.Don't avoid it, but don't rush to get there or go out of your way either.
4	I spoke to the owner while I was ordering my food. He was very hospitable and offered me suggestions when I was stumped on what to order. I only took a quick glance at the menu, but most of the dishes comes with your choice of meat, Greek side salad, and rice. However, you can swap things out (ask the cashier for other alternatives).I ate right before it got busy and it seemed like it's a popular destination. Definitely worth a try if you don't eat this type of food regularly.
3	I thought the food was okay. I went here during an interview and it was good. The service was a little slow, but they do give you plenty of food.  I felt my meat was not juicy especially the lamb. I miss going to Zanchou Chicken in Anaheim, CA because of the quality is much better.  I have to admit the fries were great and the vegetables were great as well.  But it is good.
5	Amazing food!   I always get the Chicken Shwarma Plate and I'm never disappointed.  Love their fresh pitas and upbeat service with a smile.  Doesn't hurt the pocketbook too much either!
1	The low down:Service: Good, sometimes really good if you are a returning customer and Etgar has his eye on you.Price: Pricey for what food/quantity  you get Food: unfortunately terrible. I have been here several times and have always found that the sauces/ dips (Ex: Tzizaki Hummus etc ) have been quite bitter. I don't how how one can consistently have bitter food for 2 yars now and still not correct it. They also used to have decent tomato (with carrots) soup. Of late it has become more carrot and badly seasoned. Speaking of seasoning this is another problem that they seem to be having. I'm sure the cook never tastes anything he puts out (or maybe they are short on basic seansoning, or in a more positive light maybe they have an agenda to reduce salt intake for all humankind) For Mediterranean food I would rather go to Pita Jungle about 2 miles east of this place. This is not a shout out for Pita... but more of a disappointment with Spices
5	Most authentic Mediterranean food in the east valley...lamb and beef shuwarma is excellent!
5	Best falafel plate in town. And the staff is so nice and friendly! Plus they have imported booze! Yay booze! Double-yay falafel!
2	Tried this when I was stopping by PostNet a few stores away. The place was empty at lunchtime but figured we would give it a try anyway. The staff were very friendly but the food was really uninspiring.
3	More like an 2.7. Service was a bit slow but there was a large party eating when I got there. It was kind of warm inside, bordering on uncomfortable. I had the falafel plate and an order of fries. The hummus was good, fries limp and falafel bland.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! Good food, good service. Good beer and wine selection.
5	This place is by far the best mediteranean food in Phoenix. The falafel is the best falafel I have ever had. Try the chicken schwarma or lamb.. Both are very good! The owner Etgar is very personable and fun to banter with!  This place also has the best hummus by far.  So, give it try you won't be sorry that you did!
5	I loooooove this place! The owner shook my hand (Edgar) and made me a custom meal. I love that it's family owned! I faxed something next door, came here to eat an amazing salad, and I'll be shopping for groceries ten steps away! Perfect! More than anything, I love how I was treated today and I LOVE that the food is AUTHENTIC! I'll be loyal from here on out!!! :)
1	WAY OVERPRICED & NOTHING GREAT! THIS PLACE SUCKS!I don't know what is wrong with all the reviewers here, as very few of them have mentioned what a true rip-off this place really is. Am I the only one to notice how grossly over the top their prices are for what you get? I ordered the Shawarma combo of lamb and beef, a cheese crisp and a drink; it was almost $17.00 w/ tax. If the food was amazing, I might have overlooked the steep price, but it wasn't anything special. I've had so much better food at other Mediterranean places and for a lot less. What really added insult to injury on this visit was after spending so much on lunch for just myself, the guys behind the counter gave me crap because I asked for some hot sauce after I already received my food. This was because they wanted to charge me for it, which was nothing more than a little cup of pickled green chili peppers. It would have made more sense for them to just have Sarachi sauce available. As I ate my lunch, I was reminded, yet again, by another person who took my money at the register (who I assume to be the owner) about paying for the sauce. He had the nerve to come up to me and say that the next time I come in, make sure I ask for the hot sauce with my order. What next time? The only satisfaction I got out of this experience was not having to pay the extra $.75 for the sauce. There used to be a great authentic Middle Eastern place at Rural and Ray Road called Zake, The owner was from Lebanon and he charged  average prices for nice portions. The food was excellent and the owner worked with only one chef. This place didn't make it and closed after a couple years. It's sad because his place deserved success and it seems like some of the locally run places can't compete with the chains. The customers of Spices are blind if they allow the place to continue to charge so much for such mediocre food. There's enough people living in this town who are oblivious to the rip-off  and so they'll no doubt support it. If this place is still in business a year from now, consumers can only blame themselves.
5	Great place!  Best hummus in all of Phoenix hands down!  Also fantastic falafel and chicken schwarma!  I recommend this to anyone who really likes GREAT mediterranean food!
5	Spices has the BEST red pepper soup and falafel. The Garden Of Eden salad is amazing and even when you get a half order it is a generous portion. The cheese they put on that salad is scrumptious! Their spicy hummus rocks and the bourekas is incredible. I don't eat meat but you just can't go wrong here if you are looking for an awesome vegetarian meal.
3	I typically don't eat Greek food but I liked my meal overall and the atmosphere.  It's fairly simply inside and has a counter where you order food and then sit down.  I ordered the chicken Shawarma plate and a pita.  The chicken, cucumber salad, and hummus were all good.  I would like to go back and try a gyro or falaffel.  The staff is also very friendly!There website has all their menu items:  http://www.spicesmk.com/index.htm
1	A friend and I went to Spices yesterday on Ray/McClintock. We ordered back to back and were put on the same delivery table number. We ordered the exact same thing. It was lunch time busy, well my friends order came out first, then 5 min, 10 min, 15 min goes by my order never came out as bus boy is delivering other peoples orders. Not only do we not have time to wait because its my friends work lunch break, but I am so irritated I dont even want it anymore so I go inside for a refund. I am in a short line and the bus boy comes to ask if I need anything, he is oblivious that I had an order, mine was clearly lost. The guy at the register who I believe was the manager or owner himself, was so upset that I wanted a refund, he said he was not going to apologize and didn't feel he owed me an apology because it was busy and I should expect to wait. I said well we ordered together, he said it didn't matter, and couldn't I see how busy they were. He so rudely voided my transaction and was a total JERK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I have been here several times and the food is very good, unfortunately I won't be back since this place clearly doesn't care about health codes.While waiting for my food, one of the workers who had been smoking and touching the railing outside came back in and without missing a beat continued to pick up the food with his bare hands (all I could think was, tell me it's not mine, but it was) and prepare the order.Just like the Seinfeld episode, you'd think he would at least attempt to look like he was following the health code, but no. In plain view he was smoking and touching everything outside and walked right in without washing his hands. The man who I believe is the owner witnessed it all and said nothing. This place should be shut down.
4	yum. I love this place. The food is delicious. I always order the Chicken, rice and the salad. The portions are generous enough that often times my friend and I will just share a meal. If you have a limited amount of time, I don't recommend going at lunch time. I have had to wait 20 minutes for my meal before.
5	I first heard of spices mediterranean when they were voted 'best of' in the Phoenix New Times. After eating a gyro sandwich there today I can honestly say that it was the best, most flavorful gyro I have ever had. Also the falafel was absolutely amazing! I cannot wait to go back again.The staff was also super friendly. Great first impression!
5	Love this place best gyro I have ever had, and local.....big plus. I eat here once a week!!!
4	Wow! I'm am so happy right now, finally a restaurant that actually knows how to cook schwarma. I haven't had schwarma like that since I was in europe. They have a greek salad that is made with cucumbers, tomatoes, rather than lettuce. Toped with a tasty dressing. Homemade humus! Got to love the real thing. And this is one of the first mederatainian restaurants in az that didn't disappoint.Service was out of this world, very helpful when ordering. And they have a picture menu for anyone who is unfamiliar with med. food. They also subbed rice for hummus at no cost. Great place, let me quote arnold, ill be back...
5	Best food of it's kind around. I think I have tried everything they offer and it is all excellent. Especially the lamb/ beef shwarma.  The flavors are incredible.  Also, for espresso fans, try the turkish coffee.
4	One day for lunch I entered Spices it was really packed and I found a menu and when I got to the counter to order... I am a huge fan of lamb so I had to go with the Shawarma Plate (Lamb served with a Mediterranean salad, tahini and rice... The lamb was really good and the whole meal was great I will be back again for some more lamb for sure.
4	MY FAVORITE: Chicken Shawarma Plate YUM!!!!Spices has good portions and the owner is always very friendly. The hummus is pretty good, although I do have to say it isn't the best, but still pretty good for what I've had in the area. The only bad I would say is that Spices does not have Basmati rice, which I really miss and love about Mediterranean cuisine. Overall though, I love Spices and frequent pretty often!
5	Very good pricing, very easy to eat at. Very good food.Owner is super cool and is there most times.The rice is very good, chicken delicious.
5	I took my brother here because I wanted to show him how good Mediterranean food could be.  I usually get the chicken Schwarma Pita, which is very good, but my brother got the lamb kabob plate.  After tasting it myself, I had to go back about a week later and get it for myself.  It is amazing.  The only problem I have is that now I am addicted, and it's not as cheap as some of the other places I go to.  But it is worth it.  If you are not really into mediterranean food, this place will give you a new perspective.  My brother said that he didn't realize that mediterranean food could be as good as they make it.
4	The food was awesome.  We had the beef shawarma and some sort of cheese bread (forget what it was called) that came with an amazing, unique salsa.  This was the best mediterranean food I've had in a while.  Also, the staff was fabulous.  All smiles and super friendly.  Great prices too!
4	I met the owner of this place at a shooting range that I go to often and he was very nice and told me to come by and try his resturant.  It was very far for me since I dont live close to Chandler but a promise is a promise! :)When I got there I was very excited to try some Shawarma but unfortunately he was out for the day....I guess it goes fast.  He made me some beef kabobs instead with a bit of hummus on the side and an israeli salad.  It was all delicious...the kabobs were juicy and tender as they should be and the hummus tasted home made which he said it was.  The pita was shipped in but still tasted fresh.  I will be back here for sure...hopefully for some shawarma this time! :)
4	A good gyro if you are in the area.
5	The gyros are amazing, and the lamb is excellent.  Chicken Shwarma is excellent.  Spicy hummus is the best hummus in the valley.  Anyone who does not agree that this place is top notch does not know middle eastern food..... or is nuts.  I come to this place often, was hooked on the first bite.
5	The food is outstanding!  Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. The rice cooked perfectly, not hard or dry. The felafel is the best I've ever had, light crispy on the outside and moist on the outside. Golden brown as it should be and it's obvious made there and not from powder like most placesService is good, they bring it to your table. They make it when you order so you do have to wait but it's WORTH IT! I drive in from Gilbert to eat there. If there is a better place for lunch, for Mediterranean  I have yet to find it!
3	Loved the falafel plate. Haven't tried anything else yet. Would go back again.
2	Food was very tasty, but way overpriced. This restaurant offers no table service. Order at the counter, get your silverware from a bin, and find a table. 2 Gyros & 2 Falafels (and 4 sodas) should not cost $50 but it did
5	Excellent gyros, very fresh yet still just a little greasy. Not the average prepackaged gyro meat that seems to be served at the majority of Greek places.
4	I go here for lunch pretty often, the food is excellent and comes pretty fast. I love their Shawarma but is sales out real fast ,the trick is to get there before 12-12:30. I also think there Falafel is the best in the valley. wish price was a bit lower for quantity but nothing to make to much of a fuss about.
4	Yes on the gyros and saffron rice.
5	Spices is my favorite place to eat in the Valley... I would eat there everyday if I didn't live 30 miles away. lol The food is awesome! My favorites are the Falafel, Turkey Shawarma, Lamb Kabob and they have the BEST Hummus I've ever had. One thing that sets Spices apart from other Mediterranean places in the Valley is that their food is not "Americanized"... It is very authentic. Prices are in line with the quality of food. The service has always been great. The owner is usually there and he has always welcomes me and remembers what I order. I love that "small town" type atmosphere. Dining room and Bathrooms are super clean. Here's a tip: Go during lunch for the Turkey/Lamb/Beef Shawarma. (Always sells out by dinner) AND they have an amazing "Greek Burger" on Friday's during dinner. Ok, writing this review has made me hungry... guess where I'm going to go?
5	Best falafel in PHX metro. These guys make it all fresh. I'm vegetarian, so I can really only speak for non meat items, but I have enjoyed everything I've tried there.  The owner and staff are also very nice.
4	First time trying Spices as I found it reviewed well here. We had the Beef/Lamb Shawarma and the Falafel Plate. Both were very good. The falafel was some of the best I have had in the valley, crispy on the outside but moist and flavorful on the inside. Also had hummus, it was classic,  good but not mind blowing. The fries were crispy and seasoned; I found them very tasty. Cucumber salad was also yummy. The place is not fancy but the food is delicious. I will certainly be back.
4	Had the chicken shwarma spicy with regular hummus and the pitas.  It was delicious!  Will definitely go back again.  Great place for a quick lunch.
1	I met a friend here for lunch and neither of us will  be returning. Food was just okay.  Service was not acceptable (slow) and part of our order was forgotten and then the guy running the register told us it was our fault that he missed it.  When I asked for some Srichacha sauce for the hummus, I was told it would be and additional .95.  The table was cleaned while we were still sitting there finishing our food so it would be ready for the next customer.  It was a bad experience all the way through.
4	I've eaten here a handful of times, and would eat here more but I don't live in the area.  The food is really good.  Owners are very friendly and very knowledgeable and offer great suggestions to help you decide what to order if you don't know what you are in the mood for.  My favorite is the hummus.  I'm a hummus snob, and I really like their hummus!  Great food- great atmosphere!
5	I really can't get enough of this place.  The chicken shwarma and the gyro meat are fantastic.  But, I feel like the hidden gem of this place are the grape leaves.  They are made with a tanginess that makes them so addictive.Spices has become one of my go-to places for lunch.
4	Spices is always a favorite of mine; I accidentally was there the first day Etgar opened the restaurant, had the best hummus I'd found outside of Europe and became an addict. Great for a casual business lunch, and easily the best shawarma in Chandler. Owner and staff are very allergy conscious for those with serious food allergies as well.
4	This is a hidden gem in yet another east valley strip mall. I never noticed Spices previously, but then my husband started working at a neighboring store. We like to meet up at Spices for a quick meal together, and it's always a treat that I look forward to.I am a fiend for stuffed grapes leaves (aka dolmas or dolmades), and the ones at Spices are among my top 3. They aren't on the regular menu, but they are always listed as a special. They are so delicious, nicely sour and acidic, and glazed with olive oil. My husband likes them, and he usually turns his nose up at that dish.What I'm really in love with is their garden of eden salad. It's tiny cubes of grilled cheese on top of greens with a red pepper dressing. I'll repeat-- GRILLED CHEESE SALAD! It's so flavorful that I barely use any dressing on it. I've also had their falafels and malawach cheese crisp which are good, but it's hard to steer my attention away from that salad.If you're looking for a meat dish, my husband's favorite is the shish kebabs. He would love to get his hands on their marinade recipe for grilling at home. The only thing that makes me hesitate giving Spices a 5 start review is the prices. It's not cheap considering the strip mall ambience. If it were a bit more reasonable, my husband would probably eat there every day.
5	This restaurant isn't the easiest to find since it is tucked in a shopping center, but once you find it, you are in for a treat.The Aegean salad with chicken added is fantastic. The restaurant is cozy and I feel right at home there. My husband and I come here so often (3-6 times a month!) that I feel like Spices is my home away from home sometimes! One of these times I might try something else off the menu, but I so love the Aegean salad that it is hard to branch out and try something different.
5	this place is a staple of my work lunch rotation. i tend to always get the gyro platter with french fries instead of rice. the meat is delicious and flavorful and definitely plentiful. i'm always happy with the fries because they are the good crispy on the outside soft on the inside kind and when don't fries make a girl happy? service is always fast and extremely friendly. they do a really nice job of packing the meal for take out (wrapping the meat in foil and compartmentalizing the sauces and salad) so that everything doesnt get all crazy and soggy. i heart me some solid greek tastiness :)
5	I go often, and always have had GREAT food and service. Been to the middle east 3 X. This is the real thing, trust me.
5	BEST place in the area for Mediterranean food!I ALWAYS stop thru here when visiting Arizona and you should too!The manger is the owner and has quite the personality.Everything here is top shelf and really yummy, probably the best humus I've ever had.
2	Slow service, mediocre food and the temp in the dining room was very cold.We tried this place years ago when they first opened.  The food then was not good and we wrote the place off.  Last week we found ourselves looking for a quick bite and decide to give it another try.The food is no better now than it was when they first opened.  The Gyro meat was dry and salty, the fries were still frozen in the center, my son's chicken strips were mostly breading and the salad was soggy and tasteless.The service was very slow.  We were one of three tables in the whole place and our food took about 20 minutes to come out.I am a home owner in this neighborhood and proud of where I live. I truly want the local businesses to be the best of the best but unfortunately this place could use a visit from Restaurant Impossible.
1	I decided to stop by after leaving the hospital. My dad had a stroke early that day, so I was a bit down plus I had an interview the next morning. The owner was behind the register and seemed pleasant until I asked a question asking if the meat was sliced chunks. Why did I do that? This turned into one of the worst confrontations in my life! I remained calm as this guy cursed me out, dropped f-bombs. I was so tired I couldnt even fight back. All I could ask him was why are you speaking to me like this? His reply, "because its my f*ing restaurant and I can do what I want." I told him never mind and he had to yell it to the cooks that I didnt want anything and how dare I change my mind. Honestly, I broke down and cried in the car.  This altercation took place 2/14/2012. It has taken me this long to write this review because I didnt want to relive the incident. To this day, I still dont know why this happened.
4	Spices!Spices is simply a quality place to grab a bite. The owner Edgar is a good guy who takes pride in his business and he makes his food authentic, not pre-made or packaged. The meat and the seasonings and flavors are the real deal from real recipes, not some pre-purchased bulk food like in other restaurants. The pitas are fresh and they don't come from the same plain old pita company, they use fresher, higher quality pitas than any other mediterranean place in the in the valley. This is mediterranean food with an Israeli heart, and it's well made.The falafels are good here, they are crispy and fresh with a taste of fresh herbs, not soggy and crumbly like in other places. The hummus is good, you can tell it's fresh and not out of a package! The gyro is superior to others, and the Shawarma is delicious. I highly recommend the lamb shawarma plate, the seasonings are awesome and the entire dish is tasty.I support Spices over the other mediterranean places because of the better quality food, the cleaner and more kept up interior, and the good attitudes and friendly service. When you go to a place like Haji Baba or Pita Jungle, it's wam-bam, see you later, there isn't a neighborhood feel to it. Spices is definitely a friendly neighborhood place you can bring anyone to for a bite.Seriously get the shawarma plate!
5	Spices has been a family favorite since they opened. We love the fact that they are family owned and operated. That is important to us to support local.  We eat there once a week and sometimes twice. We love the hummus, the french fries are fresh and cut daily not frozen, the chicken shawarma, all the salads, the malawach cheese crisp and my absolute favorite would be the bourekas. My husband is more the meat eater,  so he loves the beef and lamb kabobs! The service is quick and the prices are great!
5	Very friendly, authentic food. Extra spicy option available. Great for take-out.
5	This place is so good! Niko is such a nice guy! You rock man! The chicken shawarma plate is amazing. I definitely recommend this place.
5	This place is so tasty!  The staff is knowledgeable as well. I will definitely be back. Many times
5	A couple nights ago we visited Spices and really enjoyed it! We both ordered the gyro plates which actually has A LOT of food, so next time we'll just get the sandwiches. The meat was seasoned well, and the pita was soft and fluffy. And I loved the tzatziki sauce! The yellow rice was flavorful and moist and I absolutely loved the Mediterranean salad! The staff was very helpful and extremely friendly. Next time we both want to try the falafel! Definitely give this place a try, I know we'll absolutely be back!
5	Some friends suggested we go by. Sooo glad we did. The falafel plate is amazing!! I'm vegan and am always looking for places I can eat. This is definitely one we'll visit again!
5	I looked up some greek-ish type restaurants online and I came across Spices. My husband and I decided to try it. I had the chicken shwarma and my husband had the gyro plate. Every bite was a symphony in my mouth. The flavors and aromas were captivating. The food was cooked to perfection and incredibly fresh. Perhaps the favorite part of my meal was the Mediterranean salad - diced cucumbers and tomatoes with a sprinkling of dill and the freshest, lightest dressing. The gyro platter was generous and tasty. The rice was amazing. Full of flavor and taste. The Taziki sauce is to die for - creamy, smooth, and just enough garlic to ward off vampires. When you go (and I know you will) you MUST order the Malawach Cheese Crisp. It is light, delicious, and the perfect starter for any meal. We adore this place so much, it is on our weekly rotation for dining out. No matter where you live in the valley, it's worth the drive. The only negative (because every restaurant has at least one) is that it gets a tad warm in the restaurant because the kitchen is open to the dining room. But I can forgive that (even in summer) because the amazing smells overpower any discomfort I might otherwise experience.What are you waiting for? Go now, I'll meet you there!
1	We ordered take-out last Friday night. I ordered a gyro plate and my wife ordered a schwarma plate and we ordered a falafel plate to share. I am astounded by the 5 star reviews for this place and have to believe that either we just came on a bad night or everyone else has horrible taste. I don't even know where to begin: The falafel was overfried; the rice was overcooked; the hummus was devoid of any flavor (reminded me of toothpaste); the schwarma looked and tasted like it was all of the burnt parts of the chicken that fell between the grill and landed in the oil catcher; the gyro was so oily and had an off flavor that i couldnt finish it.Since Friday, we have been trying to remember a worse meal and I honestly can't think of one. I really wanted this place to taste better as it seems that Cafe Greco has closed and I wanted another option to Pita Jungle but I guess I deserve it for being lazy and not wanting to drive a few extra miles - i won't make that mistake again.
4	I am a fan.. yes, right on my first visit and I have become a fan.First, the young guys running the register and food area were both courteous and prompt.  My order for a gyro sandwich (to-go) was put together as soon as I ordered pretty much in front of my eyes.The sandwich was ridiculously huge.. I mean, the meat was falling out of the 9-10" well-toasted/warm pita.  It had onions, the white sauce (tzatziki) and huge chunks of gyro meat.. the meat was flavorful, plentiful, and moist.  I've had plenty of gyro sandwiches in NY, Detroit, Phoenix and this one was really moist.I will absolutely come here again.  The price was right, the portion was generous, and it was convenient and friendly.
4	Almost a five.  I do have to be discrete with my stars.  Had lunch here very recently and everything we ordered was yummy.Been here before and feel it meets my pretty high standards for Mediterranean Food.  I believe the owners really try to make you happy with the food they serve.  It's great because of the casualness of the place.  Pretty clean as well.  You order up front and they bring you your dish.  I ordered the Gyro Sandwich and it was so huge.  I almost had trouble finishing it.  Don't believe that for a sec.  The meat was moist, tasty, tender with red onions on a slightly grilled pita bread.  Also got an order of the yellow rice.  Fluffy and light.  Hubby had the falafel.  He enjoyed it but it didn't look to good to me.  Dark brown and crispy.  He liked it though.  Another order of the chicken shawarma which tasted well spiced to perfection.  The salad that came with the falafel was chock full of cucumbers, peppers, onions, in a delicious dressing.  It was all cut into very small cubes.  Really tasty.  Would definitely come back for a reasonable prices meal , good prompt service.
5	This place is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. It's a hidden gem that is LOCALLY OWNED and the service and food is absolutely WONDERFUL!!! The prices are really reasonable and the dish I keep coming back for is their garden of eden salad and/or side of hummus. My boyfriend is a big fan of the falafels and malawach cheese crisp. I highly recommend this eatery and think you'll love it as well!
2	Don't get the 5-star reviews at all! Any other Mediterranean place I've been too is better than this one. Wow. Not only is the food underwhelming I also don't like the "I think I just got screwed"  feeling either. And here is what happened...We got a coupon for this place in a local mailer and decided to try it for a quick bite. The place looks kind of like a fast food/take out food joint but the prices are for a sit down restaurant! My husband decided to get a lamb shish kabob plate, I decided on a lamb/beef shawarma plate and a chicken kebab plate for our son. Side note: their kids' menu sucks! I don't even know why bother putting two items there and calling it "kids' menu". They offer chicken strips, that don't look good even in the picture, and pita pizza that looks equally unappetizing. So we decided to get a plate for our son.Anyway, the over-the-top cheery  guy at the counter (which always gives me a feeling I'm about to get screwed) excitedly informed us they were pretty much out of lamb and suggested that my husband could get a combo plate beef and lamb (because they did have half an order of lamb left) and I could get a beef and lamb gyro plate. Ugh. If you offer 8 plates on your menu and 3 or 4 of them include lamb maybe you should consider stocking up on it. But whatever, we didn't make a big deal out of it and just changed our order. Well, with no side dishes/appetizers or anything extra and three small drinks it came up to $40!!!!!!!! Seriously?! We had a 10$ off coupon which brought it down to $30 but come on now! For that kind of place? Also turned out that of course my husband's plate was more expensive than what he originally wanted to order. And that's what I had a problem with. If you are out of smth your customer orders, just offer a substitute for the same price, right? Nope, charged us more because it was the most expensive plate on the menu. And it's not even about the 2-3$ it's about customer service. Now about the food... My husband's kabobs were ok, but my gyro meat tasted weird, waaay more beefy of course than lamb, and just not good. The rice was overcooked and their "Mediterranean salad" (which is just some cucumbers, tomatoes and onions) was completely tasteless. The tsatsiki  sauce was too watery and also meh. So if we didn't have a coupon we would've paid $40 for a mediocre, nothing to rave about meal! I have to say that we went to frys and gyros place ( I think that's what it's called), also on ray rd before and it was waaaaay better and much more reasonably priced than this joint. Again, no idea where the 5 star reviewers are coming from. Will not come back!
5	Believe the hype, this is one fine establishment. I was introduced to this joint about three years ago and have been frequenting since. The chicken shwarma is f'n awesome, falafel will entice your tastebuds ,and the hummus will have you cursing the pope....in my opinion the best in town. Great service every time and not to mention a rad owner who's always down for some conversation and friendly ball busting. If you are not a square and enjoy fresh food with friendly service this a great place to enjoy a meal. Cheers!
2	My review is very similar to KA's. I've been going to Spices for years, more frequently at first (at least weekly, sometimes more often) and less so as time goes on. I've decided to stop naively hoping that things will go back to the way they were. I used to get the same few things and they were always reliably delicious. There's nothing like going to a place where you know you're going to get exactly what you want, made the same way every time. The last few times that I've gone, including today for my mom's birthday lunch (her request), the food has been substandard. The salad has been gritty (sand, dirt?) and today the Garden of Eden dressing was just plain wrong. I'm so sad that this place has lost the spark that made it so special. I'm not sure if it's the constant change in staff or what but it's too bad, really. :'(
4	Stopped by this place because we were on the east side of Phoenix and wanted Greek/Mediterranean food. Just happened to find this place out of sheer luck. The food   was great, especially the chicken and rice. Would definitely come back to try more of the food!
5	The best hummus in town hands down!!! I can't wait to try the mediterranean salad and the chicken plate (: yum!!
4	This place is my go to Mediterranean for lunch.  I really like the gyro and the schwarma beef & lamb plates.  They are both very tasty and I really like the falafel here and usually order a couple on the side with my meal.  The only reason it's not 5 stars is because of the sides.  Everything on the plates besides the main dish is just meh.  Plus I haven't figured out the pita situation yet.  Sometimes you get delicious pita, sometimes you get cardboard pita.  I guess certain types of pitas go with certain dishes?  I don't care, I always want delicious pita, never want cardboard.
3	I have a love hate relationship with this place. We usually go for lunch and I get the Chicken Shwarma (extra spicy) with fries and cucumber salad. The owner is a character. If someone in our party is not sexually harassed by him, we're surprised. He is so cheap! We've been yelled at for taking too many napkins and sliding tables together. Also, the salads are very small and expensive. When someone asked for extra lettuce, he said she'd have to order a side salad because it's pre-portioned. You get charged for any extra sauces. At lunch, he has 'reserved' signs on the tables. We ignore these. The Shwarma does look the the scrapings from the back of the grill. They are constantly out of lamb kabobs. But, when I mix that watery tahini sauce together with the Shwarma and fries and put it on a pita, I'm in heaven!PS- Be sure to ask for a to go cup when you order!
5	I am giving the place five stars for a reason. The food at Spices  is just awesome plus you have the most friendliest service. I had a chicken shawarma plate to die for. All the spices were at the right place, the meet was so juicy and tender plus little sides of salad and rice made the dish "i-want-to-eat-it-all-up"
4	I might have come to this place sooner if it were not so close to Tott's! But I am glad I finally tried it. It is very good and I can alleviate my friends from my Pita Jungle invites !  I want to go back and try the swarm as that I kept seeing others order. I had the gyro platter and was not disappointed . I am particularly picky withy Mediterranean fare having lived in Grece. I am not sure but I think this one is more Lebanese .
1	I have been to Spices about 3 or 4 times. For today's lunch, I took my team here. Only 3 of the 7 girls have been here. The place was packed. I think I witnessed someone on their kitchen staff quit. He threw his hat and apron on the ground the owner went after him. Not sure if he came back or not? This could be why the kitchen/service/experience was so horrendous. We were told the food would take 20-25 minutes. We were able to grab a large table (not a lot of seating) and waited for our food. Every dish that came out, was cold. Our group's entrees (falfel sandwiches, gyro sandwiches, lamb schwarma) staggered and side dishes (chicken kabobs and fries) took forever. There were no clean forks, we had to use plastic silverware. The worst part, the part that make me cringe - my friend's chicken kabobs were raw. I really hope my friend doesn't get sick. This restaurant is always packed for lunch but dead for dinner. One of the girl son my team confirmed that dinner service was never like this. I was really disappointed with today's service. I was waiting to flag a guy to help clear some tables and I overheard the woman next to me communicating to one of the bus boys that her fries were cold. He asked if she wanted him to fry them again...not acceptable. Going back to the raw chicken....the owner wanted to cook another batch for us but I didn't want to bother I was so frazzled. We were about to leave but one of the folks on his staff came by with  $5 gift card. My GF didn't even want the card and just gave it someone else. This was definitely not a good first impression for the girls on the team and will be the last time I ever go to Spices. The consensus was that the wait time, service and experience was not worth our time for mediocre food.
2	The food was okay, but both the hubby and I prefer the Greek's Grill.  Spices chicken shawarma is much more salty and didn't seem to have as much flavor.Plus the owners are like night and day.  Fred at Greek's Grill is a large part of the reason why we go there.
4	I've eaten at Spices a number of times, and finally decided to rate it. I'm not sure where someone got the idea that it is Greek except for the gyro, as that could not be further from the truth. You will find the absolutely identical food in Israel and most of the Arab world. Their hummus is beautifully smooth, with a good olive oil and pine nuts on it. Put it together with a warm pita, and you have a terrific starter. It is also available with 3 different meats on it as well. The Bourekas (puff pastry filled with feta and mozzarella cheese and served with tomato sauce and Mediterranean salad) are like heaven. They also have Shawarma in several different styles to keep any lover of this dish happy. If you're having Shish Kabob, bring your appetite, as the portion is large and the taste is wonderful. One of the very best items on the menu is the Falafel. Unlike many other places, theirs are made fresh, instead of from a mix. How can you tell? When you break it open, you will note that the inside is green, and not brown. The green is from all the fresh herbs and spices in it. Served with tzatziki sauce, and hummus it's great! You would find the absolutely identical item in Jerusalem if you went there.I'm not sure why they call the salad Mediterranean salad. Throughout the Middle East, it is called Israeli salad. A melange of cucumber, tomato, onion, lemon juice and spices. I can sit and eat it all day long and never get bored.If you get nothing else on the menu, you need to get the Sweet Malawach for dessert. Don't count the calories, but do savor the flavor. A warm from the oven pastry, covered in cinnamon, honey and a ball of ice cream melting on top. Not for diabetics, but a fabulous dessert.The restaurant gets packed during the lunch hour, so plan your time accordingly.4 stars for excellent food, good service, and general cleanliness
4	Crunchy balls of fun, greenish, and never enough, I am talking about falafel.The flafel here is some of the best in town, cooked to order from a mix and fried. Many places simply reheat premade ones. This process results in a crisp outside a moist inside and due ot their recipe tons of flavor with a bit too much salt.My falafel sandwich ~$6 had 4 falafel balls tahini, cucumbers and not much else all wrapped in toasted a Greek style pita (think non pocket gyro style). If you like it spicy ask form some scug (pronounced skooog) it is a great blend of peppers and spices for a unique spicy spread.This is a fast casual style place, you order up front and they bring you your food (no idea on how to tip at thus style). It is nice they use real plates and silverware.
4	First time at Spices Mediterranean Kitchen - had a casual birthday gathering in a clean, casual environment.The spicy chicken shawarma plate was recommended, so tried it.  Extremely delicious, good portions. Came with either rice or fries, and Mediterranean salad. Fries were so-so, rice was scrumptious! Salad consisted of cucumbers, tomatoes, onions - light and refreshing. Tried the pita bread, not the best I've had, but was fresh.  Ordered rolled baklava to take home, found it too dry, not honey-soaked as expected.Will come back to try other options.  Recommend it!
1	Poor imitation of Mediterranean food! Phoenix, in general, is light years away from anything remotely related to Mediterranean food.  (A couple of exemptions are Haji Baba of Tempe and Baiz Market in Phoenix.)The food, the table, and the salt and pepper shakers were GREASY! They were Sticky.  The hummus and the dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) were canned, overly priced and tasteless.  The chicken shawerma tasted like reheated cartilage with Indian curry sprinkled on top, bathed in some funky oil.  The falafel was ok until they cooled and began seeping bad oil. This restaurant needs a complete deep cleaning, with fresh ingredients and some ambiance improvements before we return.
5	Always good food here. Same ole thing every time. Chicken shwarma plate with amazing cucumber salad and spicy hummus! Yum
1	Been coming here off and on over the years and this last time was the last. Quality of food and service has taken a nosedive. I did notice that it wasn't as crowded as in the past when I came here with a coworker for lunch during prime lunch hours recently and that should have been a tipoff right there that something was amiss. The restaurant was maybe half full if even that but it took forever just to order because the guy taking orders kept leaving the counter to do something else. Couple of folks were in front of us and the line moved at a snail's pace. When it was finally my turn, I ordered the Gyro sandwich and a lamb kabob on the side. Guy at the counter tried to upsell some extra sauces that I thought were way overpriced so I politely declined. Places that nickel and dime on the sauces leave a bad taste in my mouth. We sat down and waited for our food. My gyro sandwich came first. About fifteen minutes later my coworker's food came. Another fifteen minutes went by before my lamb kabob finally came. Perhaps the kitchen's timing and efficiency needs a little work. My disappointment didn't end with the service though - the vegetables in the Mediterranean salad stuffed into the Gyro sandwich tasted really off - like they were far from fresh. To add insult to injury, less than an hour later I had Alexander The Great's Revenge or Cleopatra's Curse or the King Tutskis - whatever you call food poisoning from a Middle Eastern/Mediterranean type place. Yeah - it's my fault for eating it anyway even after the warning signs went off but that is way too many strikes against this place. Never again. Too bad since it's so close to me.
3	Trying to find a place to eat with a patio for the decent weather decided to give this place a try for lunch. I tried the Chicken Shawarma plate with pita, Mediterranean salad, tahini sauce and rice. This dish is a food warm plate and fulfilling. Also tried the falafel wrap. The pita was thin and dry and was wishing for a fluffy soft pita. The falafel seemed a bit dry too where I had to used the tahini sauce to soak in some of the dryness. Could have been made better.
5	I just love this place!!!  Their seasoned rice, hummus with the gyro plate was delicious!! my mouth is watering as I type this! I'm a big fan of Mediterranean food, and now I'm a huge fan of Spices no doubt that will be back many more times in the future!!!!!
5	Excellent food, service, and my new favorite!!! Their house special is their yummy Mediterranean rice!! I paired mine with hummus on a gyro plate! Will be back for sure!!!
1	im giving this establishment no stars due to the service i just received from the owner. we had called in an order of two falafel platters and a falafel sandwich but when my co-worker (who was picking up  the order for us) got to the restaurant found out that they had ran out of falafels and only had enough for two plates. he then tells her "just order something else no big deal" and was completely rude to her when she asked if he could just put the falafel from her platter into a sandwich for one of us. he refused to do this as he said he doesnt touch orders after they have been prepared. even the server behind the counter asked the owner if she should discount the plate because of the inconvenience, but he goes on to say "NO they are fine how they are." She left right after that.  After she told me about the incident i decided to call to place a verbal complaint and when i did i got the owner on the phone who then told me that "i must be mistaken that he was not rude and that i need to calm down and listen to myself as i was in the wrong." i of course was upset as all i wanted was an apology but he refused to give me one which when i asked to speak to a manager and was quickly informed that he was the owner. i told him that i would blast him on yelp for his bad service which he reciprocated with go right ahead. After getting heated and calling him a prick for not apologizing for his bad service and just blatant disrespect of the customer his response was F**** You. HONEST TO GOD THAT IS WHAT HE TOLD ME... THE OWNER!!!!I work in customer service and i know that not every customer is a "peach", however the customer is always right and when all they are asking for is an apology that is what you need to give them. i will never eat here again and if you want to be verbally abused than this the place for you. Because i can tell you one thing the falafels suck and were burnt, so i essentially paid $9 for crap and to be cussed out! ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!!!! AMY'S BAKERY HAS COMPETITION FOR THE WORST RESTAURANT IN THE VALLEY!!!!!
4	Fast, friendly service and flavorful Mediterranean food. We came here for dinner and left with full stomachs.I had the chicken shawarma plate and had some of the falafel plate. Both were very sizable portions, freshly prepared. The shawarma was well seasoned, with chopped pieces of white meat chicken. The falafel was awesome. It's some of the best I've had in a long time! The filling was very moist, not crumbly at all like other falafel can taste, had perfect seasoning, and was fried just right. Service was great. The chef and owner would stop by to make sure everything tasted OK. As for drinks, there's a self serve soda fountain and ice tea off to the side. I believe they also serve bottled drinks as well.The hours are a little odd though. Closed on Saturday? That's a first I've seen for a restaurant.Overall, a very good meal. Be advised though, since there's not a lot of ventilation and the kitchen is very open, chances are your clothes will smell like the grilled or fried meals you've just eaten.
4	The gyro is one of the best I've ever had! Their service is great, super friendly, and fast! Even if they're busy, they apologize for the wait. The food is fresh, tasty, and made from scratch. I would definitely recommend! Only downfall is that it's small and can get pretty warm in the seating area in the middle of July.
2	The Good:  The Gyro Meat. Can't really knock this part. They have it down. Too bad they dont do their Shwarma on a spit as well.The Bad: Pretty much everything else. The Shwarma was very dry, the Hummus was average at best, the "greek salad" was a bunch of cuccumbers and onlions diced up together. We asked for some spicy sauce like Sriracha or something to kick up some flavors on the shwarma and they said no but they do have some pepper paste they would sell us for $1.Too many better places with much better flavor profiles in the area. If you want quality and authentic look to places that are more middle eastern like HAji Baba, Mijana and Tasty Kabob
4	I've had the schwarma plates with rice and hummus. They were very good and the schwarma appetizer is also just as tasty. The meat is very well seasoned and really stands out in flavor when compared to other Mediterranean restaurants I've tried in the surrounding areas. The schug (spicy chunky paste) is also awesome. I just wish it wasn't extra for a small portion of it. The prices are a bit steep but to be fair, the quality is quite consistent and portions are good. Apparently they don't allow ordering ahead for dine-in if you're trying to beat the lunch rush. I find this a bit annoying but I suppose they have their reasons. You can probably just order for takeout and accomplish the same thing anyway.
4	It's a nice place. The food is decent, next time I try to make it earlier to I can have more choices.
5	Gyros there are amazing! All the food is really, really good! The staff are so welcoming! AND!! It's not pricey! Totally recommend this place!
5	While this strip mall restaurant may not have the aesthetic appeal of fancier dining facilities, the kebabs, shawarmas, and falafels unapologetically commence an assault on you tastebuds that is sure to be the most brazen and welcoming thing you will experience all year.The hummus was explosive with flavor, the "mediterranean salad" was brash with character, and the owner was filled with energy and enthusiasm. He constantly checked-in with every guest to make sure that you were enjoying every part of the meal. You could tell that he cared deeply about his customers and his cuisine. It was a true pleasure dining here and I will be back sooner than later!
4	Awesome food. Owner is also very helpful with suggestions. Totally recommend this place. The shwarma is just delicious. Pitas are warm and tasty.I would recommend you go with some patiance at Lunch time. Its packed and thats a great thing. My daughters love the Gyros.
4	One of the best hummus and overall Mediterranean places I have tried in the valley! I've been on a hummus hunt ever since moving to AZ which brought me here. We ordered a few other items, and everything was good.
4	This place is awesome. I love the food here. My favorite was the spicy chicken shwarma plate. They recently changed and only offer the spicy sauce on the side. The other plates I have tried are also very flavorful. I come here often and the owner is very friendly. My wife loves this place too, she especially likes the side salad options.Get the spicy menu back and I will give it 5 stars. Also could use a bigger grill to get the wait time down but I plan for it so not a big deal.I love the unique taste her and it is much better than other Mediterranean restaurants I have been to.
4	I love Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food and Spices is the best I've tried in my area.  I ordered the Chicken Kabob Plate and it was cooked to order as I made several changes to the basic plate.  Everything came out perfect.  The chicken was slightly charred on the outside and hot and juicy in the middle.  The rice was thick and delicious and was colored yellow with what I assume was Turmeric.  If not, I don't care, it was very tasty!  The salad that came with the plate was also delicious, though I would have preferred tabouli.  The Tzatziki was perfect and made with a delicious, creamy greek yogurt.  I did not get the garlic tahini that normally comes with the plate, so I can not comment on that; but, if it is anything like the rest of their food, I'm sure it is also wonderful!I can't wait to go back and chat up the owner some more while enjoying his excellent Mediterranean Food!
5	Best food we have had in Arizona.  The lamb was so tender, humus with shwarma was perfectly spiced. Best falafel we have ever had since the middle east. This is the place to go. Reminded us of home. - Yaakov and Elisheva
4	Let me start by saying, the food is some of the best mediterranean food in AZ. I've had the lamb, chicken, gyro and greek salad and it's all amazing. Their homemade hot sauce just takes it over the top and is completely mind blowing. The owner is a really nice guy and welcomes you with a big smile and warm compliments every time you come in. I would eat at Spices at least once a week if not more if I could, unfortunately the prices are pretty pricy$$$ for the area. If this restaurant was in N. Scottsdale I would understand, but this area of Chandler especially during the day is working class and wants a good meal under or around $7. I have a hard time getting out of there with a meal under $12 with my hot sauce- not including drink. I probably go there once every 3 month/ sometimes more... but usually not due to the fact that I'm not looking to spend that much at lunch time. If there was a lunch special at $7, I think the crowds from the surrounding offices would keep Spices packed and would make up for the cut in prices. Just a thought but it would definitely prompt me to eat there more often.If this restaurant was Chipotle style (at least at lunch). Where you could walk down the line and say what you wanted- I think this place could give Chipotle a run for their money.  Either way, I hope Spices stays open for a long time as I enjoy the food tremendously. It just won't be as often as I like. Opa!
5	The food is great, and the staff are so nice and friendly. I will definitely be back.
