5	I have gotten my eyebrow threaded many times at different places, and each time it hurt! However the lady that threaded my eyebrows here must be magical, because it did not hurt as bad. :) This is actually a store not a little kiosk in the middle of the mall. Located by Dillard's. Both the ladies working were very friendly. Last, it was only $10, which is a great price.
3	I love the Brow Art 23 in the Beverly Center, so I tried this one.  The girl who did my brows was much faster than I was normally used to.  They looked okay in the store, but I had to do quite a bit of clean up when I got home, and she didn't trim them.  She was really nice though, so three stars.
3	First experience with threading versus waxing my eyebrow. Went with my friend. I have very sensitive skin so the threading experience was a bit painful. My friend loves to get brow threaded and will be back to this particular Brow Art 23 store. The girl did a fantastic job. The staff here are friendly and helpful. Current cost of eyebrow threading is $12.00.
4	I've been going here for a few months now. My daughter recommended it. I appreciate their speed, attention to detail and for valued customers they give you a frequent customer card where you can get a free service after so many visits!The ladies are always friendly.  I'll keep coming back until they give me a reason otherwise.
1	Do not let them touch your brows! I'm from LAS VEGAS where eyebrow threading is popular and has been for the last 5years @ 10$ a pop for eyebrow perfection. I moved to CLT near NL and decided to try NL MALL. Called and called no answer so I dropped in. The lady was on the phone! "Well wudayakno?" I had to guide her through my threading and over and over again had to go back and SIT DOWN TO have her clean them up. There was stubble everywhere! When I left I was not satisfied my browns were uneven, not clean AT ALL. They are not reasonable, unskilled and unprofessional. Anyone who is going here apparently hasn't had their eyebrows threaded to PERFECTION 10000's of times as I have. Don't waste your time or your cash $$$.
