2	This place kinda sucked. We went araound lunch time so it was almost at full capacity I fig it would be ok since it was full and all. It looked like there was 2 people working here. I give props to the mex girl cooking all the food. It's cafeteria errrr um Subway style mexican food they ask you what you want and add it to your burro or w/e you get a tray and sit. I had a veggie burrito which was basically rice and your choice of black or pinto beans they did have 3 tortilla's to choose from. It was a pretty big burrito and fairly good but nothing special. The kid had a chicken quesadilla which was tiny they put like maybe a tablespoon of chicken in it with a side of cinnamon chips they gave her like 4 chips and a small ftn drink not very much for the 4.25 kids meal if you ask me. Their Salsa bar was disgusting with wilted cilantro, salsa's, limes and lemon's. The only plus here is the drinks! They serve good beer here Modelo, dos XX, Cuervo rita's, and even 99 cent margaritas everyday which I did not try. They also had fountain jugos. I may go back next time but more for the drinks.
2	They might have a similar menu and setup to Chipotle, but the food is NO BUENO!!!  There is just something about it that's not good.  I don't know if the chicken that totally lacks texture or the corn chips that taste more like corn oil.  I want so bad to like this place because it's close to my house.  I have tried to go there like three times now, and I won't be back.Sorry!
3	i've picked up food here a couple times and I still can't pronounce the name.  Food is tasty & there's lots of it for the price.  Similiar to Chipotle, but less expensive.  The food is very filling & one burrito lasts me about 2 meals, which is fantastic!  The 99 cent margarita tastes exactly what a 99cent margarita should taste like: BLARG-Y.No complaints, but it's not quite a super-awesome-bring-the-folks kinda place.
1	This place is gross. There is nothing fresh about this Mexican grill. The corn tortillas were of the crispy pre-folded taco shell variety only, all of the salsa looked and tasted like it came out of a Sysco can, and the lettuce had that spinachy taste that lettuce tends to get about two days after you're supposed to throw it away. You'll get an infinitely better meal if you go to the Chili's across the parking lot, which is really kind of sad.
2	Could be better.  I would like to give it a higher rating but just can't.  The food is mostly tasteless and sloppy.  The price is right, but I've noticed whenever I've been there that the staff is stand-offish and unfriendly.  I won't be going there again....
4	The food here is good, I work nearby so I usually come here about once a week. The staff is friendly and they have a CD that usually plays in the background containing a spanish version of the song "Achey Breakey Heart", which is just as bad as the original even though I can't understand the words. The portions are large, there is a full salsa bar and for the price you get a great meal. I'd recommend it.
4	I have always had fresh food here. The service is nice and simple. I had the 2 Spicy tacos in soft corn shells, with cheese, sour cream, pico and lettuce. Served with chips and a drink for under 6 bucks. The meat was good, not too spicy at all, the chips were a little greasy but I like that and the salsa bar was good. None of the salsa's were over the top good or hot. I suggest getting the "super hot" from the people before you sit down. The place was clean and the price was excellent.
4	I honestly dont know why so many bad reviews I think this place is pretty good and the price is not bad either!
2	I drove by this place several times hoping to get a chance to check it out.  I guess sometimes you have to be careful what you wish for because it might come true. The service was OK, all 4 of the ladies standing in the tiny kitchen behind the oddly oriented ordering wall just seemed indifferent about the whole process.  The food was...teetering between tasteless and wishing it was more tasteless.  I could make a better taco and burrito at home with a bag of co-jack and an Old El Paso box kit.  My daughter and I left without finishing our food.One bonus star for not getting sick from anything.
1	I went to Sabroso Fresh Mexican Grill with my son for dinner and it wasn't a good experience. Definitely not kid friendly...the options for the kids meals were not healthy at all or fresh for that matter. The woman taking my order seemed rude and inpatient and she ended up getting my order wrong. The restaurant was a mess the tables were dirty and a lot of trash on the floor. The food was the worst Mexican food I've ever had, I ordered the barbacoa tacos and the meat was cold it wasn't even warm. This place was anything but sabroso. Which in spanish means delicious...if they had less than a star I would give them just that.
1	I always see coupons for this place and today I found it and gave it a try. My first impression walking in was "eh" could be better, could be worse. The service, however- Couldn't get any worse. I've had days when I wanted to be anywhere but work, but this chick behind the counter was so angry/annoyed to be there it was coming off her in waves! I ordered a spicy chicken burrito that was BLECH!!! Nothing good about that thing. I also ordered a mini steak quesadilla. She made me a full sized instead. This turned out to be a good thing since the burrito was awful. The quesadilla was pretty darn good! Needless to say I wont come near this place ever again.
1	How can a eatery get mexican food SO wrong?!!I had a bad feeling when I walked in and the lady was looking at us like "what are you doing here!?!!!?  Don't you know the food sucks and you will get sick???"Well.. I got a fajita burrito and the peppers and onions were boiled.  The chicken was bland. My girl's tacos were crummy too.If ever a reason to go there I guess the chips and salsa are ok. That would give it a star. But otherwise... I would never advise this place.  Sorry. I hate to be mean. I always try to find something good about an eatery. This place was hard to find anything good.
1	And the winner for the worst Ethical Business practices in Arizona Award goes to.. Drum role please.. Sabroso!! Remember that scene in Ace Ventura when Jim Carey was in the fetal position in the shower while The Crying Game song was playing by Boy George in the background.. That felt like the restaurant rape I had today.. You see.. I goto this place probably about once a week.. Its in the hood, tastes pretty darn good, and its a great value for the buck.. I'd say without exageration I've been been there probably 250 times over the last 10 years.. Everytime I've been in there I tip a buck on my card.. Come to find out.. The staff doesn;t get the tips on the cresit cards, they go to the owners.. Stay classy there Sabrosos.. BTW I would like the additional 250USD you have stolen from me over the years..I hope you know there is absolutely no justification or argument you will be able to present .. I really don't wish ill fate on any restaurant, but this is the worst practice, and you are really misleading your customers...
4	Great cheap Mexican food, quesadillas are excellent!
4	I like this place, but i get tacos  everytime. 3 tacos, one chicken, one beef and one shreded beef soft tacos. Hot sauce, cheese, sour cream and lettuce. i like the chips and salsa too.
1	We visited this place today for the first time.  We've driven by it countless times, on our way to Target, or Chipotle.  We had an Entertainment Book coupon so we decided to check it out.  BIG mistake.The service was really terrible.  The ladies behind the counter were pretty rude, and obviously did not want to be working there.  The salsa bar was disgusting, with warm salsa (!) which had little to no taste, if that's even possible.  We ordered a barbacoa burrito, a bean and cheese burrito and a kids' quesadilla.  Only the quesadilla was edible.  We are Mexican food aficinados, but this was truly gross food.  (I have an iron stomach and got extremely sick within an hour of eating the barbacoa burrito.)The icing on the cake of our visit, so to speak, was the cheap wicker type seats on the chairs.  Two nasty splinters became embedded in our young daughter's knit pants/rear end, causing her to cry in pain.  Nice.
5	I come here pretty often and the food has always been great. Happy hour specials are awesome (99 cent tacos and cheap drinks). Good service too.
1	Horrible. Do not go. The staff doesnt pay attention to your orders or care at all. All the food is watery & lacking real flavor. Even the salsa is pretty crappy. I'd rather eat my own fingernails!
3	Sigh. I would not call this Mexican food, more like American style Latin food.Now that we got that outta the way, the tacos were so-so. The set up is kinda like an assemby line. You tell them which meat and toppings you want and they prepare it right in front of you. I've had tacos prepared this way before and the meat is never hot. I got the taco basket which includes tortilla chips. The chips and lemonade were the best part of the meal.
4	My whole family loves this place. The burritos are huge; enough for two meals for me. It is similar to Chipotle. You chose what you want in the burrito as the make it. Sabroso's ingredients are more fresh and authentic tasting than Chiptole, though.  I always get the Sabroso burrito with spicy chicken, corn, and green salsa. My daughter loved the soft tacos with carne asada beef. Don't leave without trying the cinnamon chips!
4	Love this place... The food is good. Similar to Chipotle but less expensive, better quality and more quantity. Great salsa bar.
5	This place is yummy and super affordable! I have eaten here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix (maybe 100 times in the past five years) and have yet to be disappointed. Go for 99 cent house margaritas and the veggie taco basket, my fave:)
3	They are now closed.
5	THEY ARE NOT CLOSED. They're moving to a different spot in the same shopping center. They are infinitely better than Chipotle for that kind of food. A LOT less bland.
