4	Whenever I go Uptown, I always park in the Hearst Tower. It's in a great location, close to all the venues. The parking is very convenient and leaving is fairly easy as well.Walking inside the building, I was surprised to see so many things housed in there: Modern Salon, Showmar's, convenience store, LaVecchia's, The Original Soup Man. If you are into architecture, the Hearst Tower is great to look at. It's one of my husband's favorite buildings Uptown and it always looks great in the Queen City skyline.
5	Had a great anniversary dinner at Levecchia's the manager Derrick was very social during our dining experience making sure everything was satisfactory...thanks Derrick for a great dining experience
4	Such a beautiful building. Not the biggest or the newest but the art deco design and the ambience is just great.And it was where I had my first full-time job here in Charlotte. Oh, the memories...Blue is an amazing bar and restaurant downstairs, and there's an awesome cup cake place on the way to the over street mall.
5	Hands down the best place to park in Uptown.  I even park here sometimes when my event is several blocks away.  Why so good?- Plenty of floors of parking.  Often you get up to Floor 4 or 5 on the weekend and you find tons of parking.  You don't have to squeeze into a cramped space either.  Everything is well marked unlike some other lots where you're not sure if it's okay to park or not.  - Staff is very friendly and professional.  One time I needed a jump for my car.  I told the security guard and she found this guy who worked there and he gave me a jump right away.  He even refused to take a tip.  - Nice restrooms on the lower level.  Good to clean up before heading out or go the bathroom before driving home.  Can't tell you how many times having a clean accessible restroom late at night has come in handy.  Beats having to pay a cover to use one in one of the local places.  - Overall just a cool place.  Each floor has a theme and a little history about the place in Charlotte it represents.  For all this I might still go if they charged more but they charge same price as similar lots close to Epicenter.  Why park anywhere else?
4	I've got to return. I was only able to go to two shops and two floods.. my friend made to the 5th floor before we had to leave. I was only able to scratch the surface of all it had to offer.
