3	No msg problem here, went yeaterday and today. The Prime rib was ok... as long as it is not over done I STILL LIKE IT. That was really all I wanted so I cannot omment on much other. They do have Mt Dew.
3	Ok, well I wasn't expecting this place to be great.  But it is average compared to other places.  I went here for dinner,  Prime rib was pretty well done and dry which is what I eat at buffets.  But it wasn't uneatable.The service was great, the deserts weren't that bad and they had oysters which I was SCARED to try lol.So if you want a good buffet in Summerlin, then try the Feast Buffet in Red Rock.  But If you have a 2 for 1 coupon then give this place a try for average food.
2	Nothing Special!
5	This is one of my favorite buffets.  Great selection of food -- and the quality is pretty decent.  I'm giving it 5 stars compared to a lot of bad buffets out there...and you can always count on the quality and consistency of the Suncoast's buffet.  The staff is also super duper friendly.  The beverage service is the only negative, usually slow and disinterested.  The prices are reasonable -- and seem lower than most buffets.  The hours have been reduced the past year or so -- so its not open very late.  Worth a trip nevertheless!
3	3.5 starsThis buffet has been through more ups and downs over the years than the NY NY roller coaster.  We went tonight and it was one of the up times.  My review of the foods:Prime rib - excellent - very rare - it looked like they just walked the cow through the kitchen and then carved.Chinese eggplant - really goodTuna salad - very blandYellow curry chicken - very good curry flavor but no heat - on a spiciness scale of 1 - 10, this was a -2.Cat fish strips - average - something from Mrs. Paul's kitchenSushi - the fish was so small and the rice was so plentiful, if you played a game of hide and seek, you'd never find the fish amidst the rice.Shrimp and pork pot stickers - averageDesserts - mini-Napoleon - wonderful, mini cream puff - average, sugar free carrot cake - top notch.We'll return.  Of course we will!
3	Again, 3.5 stars.  (And I say that the same way Jay Rayner says the hoff in 3.5).  Basic, locals buffet.  The food was good.  The glazed carrots were a bit too sweet, but I made up for it by having sugar free desserts.  :)The prime rib was excellent again, and I liked the catfish and chicken sausages.  The egg roll was very good.Service was very quick and Rafael was quite nice.  The place was almost empty.  Wow, are they hurting for business.A good value considering we had two free buffets.PS:  I added some photos because  the poor little place had not yet had any posted so I had to take the camera and get some for Yelp.  Some people looked at me like I had two heads, but it's their problem.
3	I didn't review this after my first time here? Weird. The prime rib: So gross and odd textured that I didn't even try it this time. The ham: mmmmmm..... ham! It was good. The cornbread stuffing: you mean cornbread pudding?Overall, this buffet was ok. Better than that damn Luxor experience, but not better than the Wynn's. Good selection of food, but because I'm afraid of all food prepared in large quantities, I don't try much. The best part about the buffet was when some old guy reached for the tongs my boyfriend had in his hand in an attempt to get to the food first. Weird. The worst part was the salad bar--which brings up a relevant question: Why are all the salad bars severely lacking at Vegas buffets???? I need more than lettuce, cheese, tomatoes, and croutons to create a salad.
2	Compromise is an important component in every relationship. Except food.This buffet, located in the Suncoast casino, is a compromise in every sense. There are far better buffets out there, such as Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood, Studio B at M Resort, and the Cosmopolitan's new Wicked Spoon (blatant plug there). If it's not in your budget, there's the Carnival World Buffet at Rio. Don't want to go to the strip? Try Feast Buffet at Red Rock. Don't feel like driving all the way out to the 215 and Charleston? You've pretty much compromised your way into this.When you walk in, you'll notice the average age of the clientele is 800. Factor in the staff and it brings it down to 780. The place is small, the staff is not always friendly, or present, and you feel like ordering a Metamucil the moment you walk in.The food is meh. Decent roast beef and pizza. Small salad bar. Cold fried catfish. Really? The only time catfish should be cold is when you fish it out of the water. I waited for ten minutes for someone at the carving station, and he only came out after I reached for the knife and fork to serve myself. My waitress didn't refill my drinks until (conveniently enough) I was ready to leave and tip out. Redeeming qualities: It's cheap and on the Westside.So take your chance with this buffet if you want to; just remember there's better out there.
4	My bf and I came here and I think this was the best buffet I have been to. Unlimited wine and beer!..Didnt have any but the food was really good for being buffet style. Steak was perfect, they had a variety of food. The dessert part was the best. White Chocolate Gelato!!...that was the bomb!..mmmmmmm
4	For the record, I don't like buffets.  Also for the record, the decor and ambiance of St. Tropez has seen better days.  The paucity of diners on the night we went probably has a clue to why the Suncoast isn't spending any money to spiff up the joint.So why did we go?  It's Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year and, like the other locals' casinos, they had their Jewish Pigout (pun intended) up and running.  That is, gefilte fish, chopped liver, whitefish salad, boiled chicken (I passed - yuk), brisket, potato knishes, potato latkes, matzo ball soup, tsimmes (a sweet potato and carrot concoction), noodle pudding.  Though I'm not a fan of this Eastern European peasant food (even though I grew up with it, including the boiled chicken), my husband is, and he wanted to go.  Who am I to deny him his thrice-per-year Old World extravaganza?Truth is, the food was suprisingly excellent, despite the dreary surroundings.  So was most everything else I tried, though I didn't try a lot except more veggies.  The desserts were unremarkable, except they've jumped on the gelato bandwagon, so what more does one need?For 12.99, including free wine and beer, you can't cook this kind of meal for the price.  The wine and beer thing is confusing, though.  We didn't realize until halfway through the meal that it was included, since the sign at the register proclaims that a glass of wine is $3.00.  I still don't understand it.Dinner here turned out to be a nice surprise.  Next week we'll try the holiday one at Red Rock, and see how it compares.  It's a dollar more, wines aren't included, but the atmosphere is a lot nicer.  We'll see if it measures up.
3	They say you can't eat the atmosphere, but you can.  So for this ambience, or lack thereof, I'm taking off two stars.  The place is dull, dreary, and needs a facelift.But the food was very good.  Everything we tried was delicious.  We went because they had a special Rosh Hashanah buffet.  Nothing was switched, just added, so we feasted on chopped liver, gefilte fish, matzoh ball soup, brisket, potato knishes, tsimmes (sweet carrots and sweet potatoes,and whitefish salad.  My wife doesn't like this stuff, but I do, which is why we were there.  And that's in addition to all the regular buffet items, plus the wine that's included in the reasonable 12.99 price.  You can't cook it at this price.We stuffed our faces and left filled and happy.
4	I love this place!!This is for breakfast only!Lemme start off by saying, I do like buffets, but that doesnt make me an unclassy eater! LOL. Anyway, we go here bc its close to my apartment and its semi cheap! Its 7.99$ with your Bconnected card so its not too bad. We normally go to breakfast bc they have a giant selection of yummy food!!I usually start off with getting an omelet, the man there is such a sweetie and actually knows how to make them!! Not browned!! LOL! I get the ham, cheese, spinach, and mushrooms and theyre always cooked to perfection! Next I go and get, if they have, TATER TOTS!! What bufett do you know that has tater tots?! I also get Jewish with it and get some potato latkes! then a slither of chicken fried steak!!Aand I finally get a bagel.Here they have a ton of diff food: chile quiles, taquitos, breakfast strombolis, pizza, bacon, sausage, waffles, pancakes, french toast, loxs and bagels, and soooo much more. They have a great sugar free dessert selection and a lot of fruits and veggies!!Go here for some yummy treats and then you can play and chat with a lil old grandpa and listen to their stories!
3	Pretty standard buffet fare.  Really, nothing extra special here.Came here one day for lunch with the fam because I had a coupon (yay for being a Club Coast playa) and for the price, a reasonable $7.99 a person.  It's ok for a quick lunch buffet with most of the general fixings.You got your American, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, salad bar, and dessert station all represented here.  I gotta say though for me the standout is the Mongolian station.  Damn, they make a fine stir-fry!  Really, it is way better than those you see at the local Chinese buffets.  I swear it must be the sauce!  The sauce is boss!  Pick your veggies and your protein of choice (I always go beef and shrimp) and it gets Mongolian-ed right in front of you!  That soy sauce concoction they use really makes it though.  It's got the right taste, salty, sweet, a bit tangy...it's very good.  Helps too if the veggies and meat are fresh.The other plus I've found here is that they serve Stuffed Cabbage!  Yep, I love me some old school, down-home cookin'.  Only buffet I know so far that serves it.  May not be like Mom used to make, but it'll do in a buffet pinch.  Brings me back home!Other than that, the food here is average.  The place is pretty clean and the service is speedy but polite.  You may want to watch the food however, some things looks like they sat out under the heat lamp for a good bit.  Soggy pizza?  No thank you!The gelato station was a nice touch with some interesting flavors.  The blood orange was tart and sweet, so nice.  My fav though was the coconut, always a plus to end my buffet jaunt.  If you're cheap and broke like me, St. Tropez is not a bad way to go.  It's no Bellagio or Wynn buffet, or even a Station Casino buffet for that matter...but it sure beats a stale hot dog and some Top Ramen!
2	I don't go to the Suncoast. Ever. I had only been in there on one occasion before yesterday and that was to see Paranormal Activity with some friends. That was almost 3 years ago, and even back then I could see that I definitely wasn't missing much. Yesterday, I just so happened to be at Tivoli Village for the first time (I also see I wasn't missing a whole lot there either, but that's a different review), and since none of the restaurants in there appealed to me and the friend I was with, we decided to just drive across the street to the Suncoast. Turns out this was a bad idea.The whole place just felt very......empty. There was no line for the buffet whatsoever, and when is someone NOT happy about that? That's the gift. What lies within the buffet is the curse. Not having to wait in line was nice. The price wasn't bad either, $8.99 to be exact. The service: so-so. Our waitress always had a smile, but she wasn't the most attentive either. The ambiance was quiet. Way too quiet. The place also had this creepy, medieval dungeon like feel to it. *shivers* As for the food? Oh dear.To begin, let me tell you something funny: the section that was labeled seafood had none whatsoever. It was used for cold cuts and bread. (Yes, you read that right. This is a buffet that has cold cuts.) The stromboli and taquitos were so dry. Quite possibly the blandest sweet potato fries I've ever had. The best part had to be the waffle fries and the spring rolls unfortunately. As for my friend, she claimed her food (which included some of those cold cuts from the "seafood" section) smelled funny and had to stop eating because the smell was making her sick. Why 2 stars and not 1? Pumpkin Cheesecake in the dessert section, that's why. Ironically the only buffet I have ever been to which serves it. The Final Verdict:Pros: Cheap.Pumpkin Cheesecake.Cons:Generally gross.Slightly creepy interior. Severely lacking in variety. Suggestions: Just go to another buffet.Return factor: Nada, not even for the pumpkin cheesecake.
1	Champagne brunch Sunday on Memorial Day weekend. Place was kinda dead, which was already a bad sign.This buffet offers food that you'd expect from a local casino buffet. Familiar foods, catering toward the elderly slot-playing zombie-like clientele. Sure, with older customers, it's important to remember that their palettes have disintegrated to the point that taste buds can't tell whether they are eating breaded cardboard or a Filet-o-Fish patty... and the food available represented that.  I already walked in with low expectations, but walked out even more disappointed.The good? Cream puffs at the dessert stationThe decent? Apple crepes, pizza, tater tots, champagneThe bad? Everything else. Most of the protein dishes had little to no flavor, while also being as dry as the food I try to create in my kitchen. My cooking skills are comparable to a 4 year old with a Play-Doh imagination kitchen.I'm not really one to hate on local casino quality, but this stuff was some of the worst food that I've had in a long time. Please use your money somewhere else. The Cafe, or even Fridays has much better food for roughly the same price.
3	Had a perfectly edible lunch yesterday at the St. Tropez.  Armed with our American Casino Guide coupon, my family stopped here because we happened to be in the neighborhood.Salad was not extensive, but what was there was fresh.  The marinated artichokes are a highlight.Most of the hot foods appear to be of standard mid-level buffet quality:  Generally edible, but rarely exquisite.  One standout is the Spicy tofu: normally I don't like tofu, because it is so bland. However this added enough flavor to make it taste good.Also, they have a gelato bar, which turns an otherwise uninspired dessert station into one worth stopping at.  I recommend the blood orange, coconut, chocolate, and pistachio flavors.I'm not sure which marketing intern came up with the name "St. Tropez Buffet," but the only thing similar that I could find to anything having to do with the French Riviera was the fact that the deli station offers cheese.  However, none of the cheeses appear to be French in any way.  I believe every restaurant should have at least some vague connection to its namesake.  (For example, the Orleans French Market buffet sometimes has crawdads.)  I've never been to St. Tropez, France, but I know enough about this buffet that it has no resemblance to St. Tropez in any conceivable way.  This patent disregard for its inspiration cost the St. Tropez buffet 1/2 star in my rating.
2	Food was bland. Craved turkey was super dry and there's honestly not many choices. Service was nice. Kept are champagne and drinks refilled. Would I come here again?....not a chance.
1	How is this buffet still up and running?! The first time I came here the food was bleh. I just came here for lunch and food has gotten worse. I ended up throwing away what I had on my plate. That was a waste of $10!!!!!
3	We come here for breakfast about every other weekend and it's always good service, food is good (not great by any means but definitely nothing to complain about) The selection is huge and for $6.99 it's cheaper then goin to ihop or dennys etc.  Oh and I love that they have churros available (I love those things)  Also they offer lox which is pretty nice considering the price of the buffet.
1	Ew ew ew. Did I mention ew? We had eaten here about 7 years ago and when we had to come to Vegas for a family emergency, we stayed at the Suncoast. We grabbed a bite to eat at the buffet and it was just plain bad. The variety of dishes is awkward - why is there a cabbage-based dish at nearly every station?! The only thing I "liked" (I use quotations because liked is loosely used here) was the collard greens. The taco meat wasn't bad. The potato knish was just a ball 'o pepper. The stuffing was tasteless. I'm a "hit 'em were it hurts" person with buffets, opting for the more expensive dishes like meats and such. I ended up resorting to a dinner roll and some extremely dry fried chicken. If this is your only option and you need to eat somewhere convenient, then fine. But there is a TGI Friday's about 100 feet away and I am sure your $13.99 (or $8.99 if you're a member of the player's club) would be much better spent and enjoyed. Or go across the casino floor to the deli and grab a reuben and a black & white cookie.
2	They say you get what you pay for, RIGHT.   $50 food coupon, Prime Rib and Shrimp Scampi advertised for the month of April,  take the family and go.   Well, the Shrimp Scampi was nothing more than butterfly noodles with the smallest shrimp they could get.   The Prime Rib was not very good either.  The salad bar was missing mixed greens, (although they did have baby spinach leaves)   Standard buffet ware here.  The whole experience was ok, we ate a little of everything and enjoyed each other's company.     The staff is always friendly and helpful.   You get what you pay for.
1	OMG, way way nasty all cold food (thats how you get friggin Tapeworms) and dysentera. surly help, not one employee greeted us with a smile at all. They all must hate their employer.. Nasty-ass food, worse mashed potatoes in the world, tasteless food, garbage way too expensive on sunday $17.95 down the drain. Fried chicken was rubber. the h20 was good and thats it. stay far away
1	Hands down, probably the worst buffet that I've ever been to. Terrible seating - every time someone walks by you, they brush up against you. It's like eating on a crowded bus. Why people continue to come here is beyond me. There are better choices all over Vegas. Prime Rib? How about sub-prime? The meat was so tough that I thought I was chewing beef jerky. They need some kind of quality control here. The food looked like it was thrown together by a 5-year old. If I ever come here again, it will probably be because I am drunk and don't know where I am.
3	Just hope you're there on a good day! Buffets are not what they used to be in Vegas.
2	We went for free lunch buffet using a coupon from Bingo.  They were located in the Suncoast Casino on Alta Dr in Las Vegas.There were 6 international stations: Mongolian, Seafood, Chinese, BBQ American, Mexican, and Italian.  There were 2 salad/fruit stations and a dessert station.The fresh fruit was good.  I wouldn't pay for the meal and probably won't be back.
2	We came here on a Tuesday for their lunch buffet. With a B-Connected card, a Buffet is 8.99. We used the Casino Guide Bogo and paid $10.72. - I'd opt for the Feast Buffet at a Station Casino. Similar lunch price but Feast has a better selection and tastier quality. - Items you can't go wrong with: beef tacos, fried chicken- The Chinese food selection wasn't appetizing at all. Panda can do a better job. - I don't recommend getting soups here. Broken noodles. Messy. - fast service with drink refills. - Pistachio ice cream was good. The donuts were a bit hard. - Even with a coupon, I wouldn't give this place another try.
1	My husband, and I, often dine here on Friday or Saturday nights for their Prime Rib & Crab.  Last few times we came, there were knats flying near & on our food, the prime rib looked days old & it tasted that way too.  The buffet selection looked old & unappealing & usually my favorite part, the crab legs, were salty, like they were soaked for too long in water & salt.  The quality has really gone out the door, which explains why there are very little customers, plus the prices have gone up dramatically!!  Hope they read this, cause they need to improve in a major way!  I spoke to one of the managers regarding the prime rib, but the reaction was like he did not care!!  Never again!
1	I'd give it a zero if I could, one of the worst buffets I've ever gone to in Las Vegas or anywhere for that matter.You expect lines for a good buffet, but not for the really bad ones. It took 30 minutes to get to the cashier, not so much because there were a lot of people, no. It was due to the comical incompetence of the staff. Four registers and only one working with 7 employees manning the one! Despite there being cashiers and hosts and a manager no one seemed to have ever seen the coupons that all these places have for locals every week, or the comp slips that loyal gamblers get from the casino. Literally every single customer seemed like the end of the world as these people had no idea what to do with the coupons or how to process them.Meanwhile, a host and a manager are getting into a yelling fight in front of everyone when they could have moved the shouting match 4 feet and out of sight of the rest of us.Now the food: Skip it, just go eat somewhere else.I did find the mongolian grill okay but the chef there was rude and testy with the other staff and the customers. The rest of the food was generally tasteless and gassy. We left feeling bloated and ripped off, and spent far too much time in the restroom the rest of the night!The Italian section had moderately okay thin crust pizza.
4	Excellent Buffett. The price was right the food selection was just what I needed and if you go on Friday or Saturday you get crab legs. My personal favorite was the Prime Rib and the mash potatoes. I would make this a 5 star if the dessert was better
3	We were staying here at the hotel and ate here out of convenience, for breakfast.  We were promptly seated and ordered our drinks.  It honestly seems like and average to below average breakfast buffet for Vegas.  Honestly, probably below average.  Probably the best thing they serve for breakfast is made to order omelets.  I didn't have the patience to wait in the long line though.  They had a nice big tray of bacon but is was so dried out and stuck together, you couldn't really pick up a piece without it either falling about or being about 6 strips.  The cheese blintzes were good.  Lots of pastries but honestly, they didn't look that appealing.  They also had pizza.  I suppose there is never really a bad time for pizza.  I would come back, but don't expect to be wowed with the food here.
1	I can't believe how consistent this place was at being terrible. It was like everything was prepared by a disgruntled prison chef. The Asian noodles were clumpy and funky. How do you screw up noodles to the point where they're not edible? The prime rib looked like it was an overcooked dead buffalo. I tried it hoping it would taste better than it looked. Nope. Overcooked dead buffalo. Then they brought out another one and it was so raw and bloody it was mooing. What the hell? Apparently they're serving the yin yang of bad prime rib. The shrimp scampi, placed in the Italian section looked like it came out of a can, as it was watery, bland and pathetic looking. I ate a squishy yucky one and could eat no more. I couldn't believe how their food was always tasting worse than it looked! I decided to find salvation in their desserts. The cake I grabbed was so stale it could break a fall. My girlfriend who had some salad because nothing else was edible was so angry she took their drinking cup home as at least some compensation for the buffet that was worse than a microwaved Swanson TV dinner. No exaggeration. This is the only buffet I've ever been to that if I had full access to it 24/7, I would lose weight. I completely understand why there was no line Wednesday at 5PM. The only rationale I could come up with is this place thinks they're saving money because nobody will be sneaking food out of there.
2	Mehhhh...really regret eating the food at this buffet. Thank god it was free because my boyfriend's dad is a emerald member. We can on a Friday causes that when they offer crab legs. We sat down quickly and went straight for the crab legs. Hmm come to find out, they don't offer crab legs for the month of October!So I tried the shrimp and they didn't taste good at all. They were soft and falling apart. I also tried the prime rib and it was dry and tough. The Mongolian site fry was way too salty!I honestly wouldn't eat here again even if it was free.
1	The food is super gross.
1	In case you really weren't sure if the 2.5 star average this place has is accurate, I'm here to tell ya, it is.  Actually it should be less than that, but there are a few good reviews from 2010. Almost 5 years ago now so it's best to just ignore those and go with the most recent reviews that say this place SUCKS! I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Let me say that I read the reviews before hand, and I just knew I would regret eating here. I was not wrong. My 85 year old grandfather, who I only get to see once a year, is staying at the Sun Coast hotel, and that is the ONLY reason why we came to eat here.The other reviews for this place are on point. Bad, inedible, cold, under/over cooked canned slop. Nothing looked appetizing or edible. My first plate consisted of pizza, and a few pieces of sausage and peppers. The pizza was ok, although I had to drown it in Ranch dressing to taste good. The sausage was warm, not hot, and under cooked, as well as the peppers that were almost raw. I tried the prime rib and that was at least edible, with lots of au jus and horseradish. Desserts were a hit or miss. They had ice cream, a small assortment of cakes and pies, and some sorry dried out bread pudding. So here I am at 240am after being sick in the bathroom for a half hour and that's why I am writing this review. Do yourself a favor. Stay away from this buffet! Do not go, even if it's free. This is definitely up there with some of the worst buffets in town.
2	It's not intended to be the high end buffet you would find at a 5 star hotel on the strip.  I came here for breakfast on a Tuesday morning.  Best part was the price.  $8 if you have a players card (it takes 5 minutes to sign up for free).  $11 without the players card.Breakfast service is a full buffet with everything you would expect, including a omelet station and honey ham caring station.  Things you might not expect are a taco bar, complete with sour cream and fresh guacamole; various types of pizza; a salad bar; and a desert station with cheesecakes, cobblers, etc. bright and early.  But how does it all taste?  Drum roll... okay at best.Finally, the staff here are really friendly.  I definitely suggest you eat here for value if you stay at Suncoast Hotel & Casino.  I would never drive out of my way to eat here.
