2	First of all, this is a HUGE store with everything from lawn chairs to peanut butter. The prices are decent, but you need a map to find anything....and they provide one. Seriously. The deli counter help is terrible. I ordered a sub for an office party THREE DAYS before the party. It was supposed to be ready for pickup at 6:30 am. I arrived at the store and the deli person had JUST gotten there...which would be fine had she made the sandwich in advance. But, no, I had to wait for her...(she said it would take her 10 minutes. It took 30). They did discount the sandwich a few dollars, but I was still late to work...Not okay.I also ordered 2 dozen donuts. The baker made 12 dozen donuts. Such a waste!!Lastly, the Thanksgiving ad for turkey is misleading at best. In HUGE red letters, it proclaims "$.29 per pound" then underneath in itty bitty letters it reads "for the first 1 pound". Are you kidding me???? Shame on you Fry's ad people.
4	Super Huge with fresh sushi to boot!Very large with great Fry's deals and super fresh and stocked produce. I have never went to find anything advertised out of stock, which has happened to me before at other locations. Friendly cashiers, and really nothing bad to say at all. Even a low cost gas station who's prices rival Costco if you are a frequent shopper.
5	I love this store, brand new and huge. I just found out they carry fresh sushi there, cheaper and taste better than some Japanese restaurants around here. I can come here every week just to buy sushi. Too bad that Fry's in Avondale doesn't carry sushi.
1	Worst employees in the world!!  Rude, uncaring, BS with each other while you wait, not familiar with the store, what they have or where it is.  Safeway, as crowded as the store is, they are more willing to be of service.
2	I just have to ask: Am I the only person who feels as if the Fry's cashiers must get a bonus for scanning your card before your items? Let me explain. I am weird. Yep. I'm admitting it. If you have read any of my other reviews, you probably already know this. Anyway, I like to have my items scanned first and my Fry's card scanned last. I want to see the horribly shocking cost of groceries decrease at the end of my transaction. I don't know why. I just want it that way. However, there is one cashier in particular who gets rather pissy when I do this. He seriously acts like I told him his baby is ugly when I tell him I'll scan it after. And really...why do you care, Fry's cashier man? What difference does it make to you? I was going to try to avoid you and your silly pouting about the preference of my scannings BUT... I think it will be more fun to seek you out and make you scan my groceries first every time. Look out! I'm just cuh-ray-zee like that.
5	New neighborhood store.  Has been managed well and is has wonderful customer service.  Our family shops here often and continue to go back because of the service we keep getting.
5	WOW, this is a really nice Fry's.  Reminds me of a Whole Foods with their selection of ready-made foods (fruits, salads, mushrooms, cheese etc).  I didn't even know about this place until the hubby and I accidentally stumbled upon it trying to get to the Super Target.  We ended up getting groceries here instead and loved it!  I think this is my new fave grocery place.  I think their prices are a bit more expensive though so planning will be key to coming here.
3	I love this supermarket. I'm not from Arizona and I wish we had a Fry's in California. Whenever I'm in town, I come to this market. This store in particular is very clean and prices are reasonable. The workers are very friendly. However, the Starbucks in this location is HORRIBLE!!!! They are always too busy talking amongst themselves to pay attention. I only come here if I can't wait until 8 am to go to the one inside Target down the street. Management really needs to have a serious talk with their staff. Every time I go to this Starbucks they mess up my order, give me a cold drink, over charge me or are just plain rude. I order simple drinks, Usually a Misto or just a regular coffee. Today my drink was cold and the barista seemed upset when I told her. She then gave me my drink back with a quarter filled with foam. This is the last time I will come to this Starbucks. I always end up leaving in a bad mood. I would have rated Fry's five stars because the rest of the staff is awesome. The Starbucks is the cancer of this store and needs a reality check!
4	Gettin something to drink from gas station should get a lottery ticket. Convienent little station to get my gas. Like that its near. Love it when I have fuel points.
5	Just went to this Fry's today. I normally go to the one on Dysart but I think this will be my new grocery stop! Super clean. Stocked. GREAT health food section. They have fresh sushi, a fresh soup and salad bar and a ton of ready made meals for quick dinner options. Not to mention baby clothes, toys and outdoor stuff. Sale items are stocked and everyone was extremely friendly! Seriously, I'm in supermarket heaven.
1	Please tell the ladies at starbucks or the company of it to not hire rude people,we had such a bad experience there the faps were so nasty,they werent evan sweet.we told them what they did wrong and try to tell us that it tastes like that and they will charge us if we ask again! They need to learn how to make one cause it doesnt taste like plain coffee. please do something about it or i will.
3	I shop at this Fry's almost exclusively but I am becoming more disgruntled with this store. Yes the prices are great but almost every time I got to the store they are out of what I want. Having something on sale does not mean much when I can't purchase it. I also tried to use a coupon and couldn't because I had added a different coupon (less $ off) to my rewards card. I think they should honor the best coupon not force me to take the lower amount. I think it is time for me to branch out to other stores for a while.
5	I love this store! Close to my house, very clean, has good sales!  And most of all I've never had to wait in a long line! Only thing I recommend is to make sure your employees who are on break are not standing in front of the store complaining about their coworkers and supervisors.  I came today so my mom can get a few things and as I was waiting in the car for her I can hear 3 people discussing their issues....loudly.  I wouldn't be ease dropping if it were harder to hear them but I heard them loud n clear from where I was parked.  Anyway...that's what the break room is for.....or cell phones
5	Nearby. Great customer service... I shop for groceries almost exclusively here! Love the gas rewards. No waiting at the registers hardly ever. Only wished they had more of the small buggies handy when I want to make a quick run...
4	This is my all time favorite frys (and probably the only one I'll go to) many reasons vary. Clean store, easy navigation through the store. And of course, great prices! Especially with the frys VIP card, YES! And fuel points! Highest I got was 50 cents worth of discount simply because I can't ever save up to a dollar. Anyways! Only problem I have here is that the meat department isn't really attentive. I was literally standing there for a while waiting to be helped, the guy saw me, I know he did but he just went on until I had to say something. It's only obvious I need to be helped if I'm standing there!
