4	Loved this place. I was working in NC during this week and timed things so I could be in Charlotte to go see the new NASCAR HOF. I went on Wednesday May 12th, the second day it was open. Surprisingly, there were very few outside waiting to get in and overall, was very uncrowded the entire time I was there. I am not a huge die hard NASCAR fan but overall, I am in to all types of motor racing. So I could not pass up a chance to see this spectacle. It's very well done. Tons of things to see and do. Lots of staff everywhere to tell you about the various displays, offering to take your photo in front of cars etc. A huge amount of history in here that every NASCAR fan should go and see at least once.
4	We had a great time here. The place wasn't too busy and the exhibits were interesting, although it seemed as if a lot of people were struggling to understand how to use some of the hands-on exhibits. I think this place will improve the longer it remains open, but I would definitely go, especially if you're a NASCAR fan.
4	You know what?  I don't particularly like NASCAR...   I think I might have caught part of a race here or there, but I don't care for it all that much.   I do know Jeff Gordon mainly because he's one of the few names that put Vallejo in a good light (seeing as all the news that seems to come out of my current city is bankruptcy, foreclosure, murder and prostitution.)I'm telling you all this because even if you're not a huge NASCAR fan, or even if you're not into it at all, I think you'll have a good time here at the NASCAR Hall of Fame.  Even if you're not into cars, you can't help but admire some sweet-ass rides and the exhibit where they show you what goes on behind the scenes (changing tires, trailer, simulator, etc) is pretty cool too.All in all, we spent close to 2 hours here and I know that if you're a fan you could easily spend most of a day salivating over the cars and their drivers.   This place is very much worth checking out!
4	I went to the NASCAR Hall of Fame on the Saturday before the May Sprint Cup race so the crowd was huge and the lines to get in were somewhat long, but I think that would be a pretty atypical experience for most that don't go on Race Week or the weekend of the October race.  The inside of the facility is the most high tech hall of fame that I have seen which due to the technical nature of the sport is probably quite appropriate.  The experience starts out in the Belk Theater which has very comfortable seats and a beautiful high definition projection display.  There is an introduction video to the Hall which I believe is about 20 minutes or so.  On the bottom floor is the display of the recent Hall inductees and their cars and each year this will change with the new drivers.  Heading up to the second floor there is a long incline with various cars and pieces and descriptions of tracks throughout the history of NASCAR.  The upper levels have various theaters and exhibits which are too extensive to recount, but personally I liked the cars from the 1950's the best and the ability to scan the different components of modern cars to see what function they perform.  There are a number of simulations and hands on activities also.  The day I went the lines were long for these, but I imagine that on a normal day they would be more accessible.  Overall if you are NASCAR fan I believe you will find the Hall of Fame enjoyable and I imagine over the next 10 years as they fill out their collection it will be a great place to visit.  It is a very kid friendly facility with lots to experience.  I would say for senior citizens I would give one minor warning on a busy day there are not many spots to sit and take a breather so it might be best to go on an off day.I made a return trip to the Hall of Fame for a different reason last night.  For a number of the Saturday night NASCAR races they open up the previously mentioned Belk Theater.  They show the race for up to 276 people on the big screen and the seats are first come first served.  Last night was the Bristol race and the theater was about 75 percent capacity.  The cost to view the race is 5 dollars and outside they sell concessions such as nachos, chicken tenders, and fries.  Beer is 3 and half dollars, wine is 5 dollars and liquor drinks are 5 dollars so the prices are pretty reasonable overall.  They provide you with a scanner to listen to a specific driver if you want and they also give you a ticket for one of the simulations upstairs.  The crowd gets a little rowdy on occasion, but overall it is a pretty civilized group and there were a number of kids in the crowd, mostly twelve and up.  The seats are oversized and comfortable and watching a full race in them was not an issue.  There is a great deal of leg room and they have high backed seats so it is easy to put your head back and relax.   I found the experience fun and I am not sure if I will go often, but I think I will definitely make it down to watch a race once or twice each year.
5	Okay. Yes.I know.I am not a fan of NASCAR, but I just gave the Hall of Fame five stars.You know why? The racing simulator, on which my qualifying lap times spanked R's. The museum is actually really educational in regard to North Carolina/Southern history, and it's amazingly interactive, very modern. Even if you're not into NASCAR at all, as I am not (as traffic from the race held in October made me over an hour late for my own Sweet Sixteen held near Concord Mills. It's been nearly ten years and I have STILL not forgotten. Hmph.), it's still worth a visit. I'm not used to paying for museums, God bless the Smithsonian Instituition, but I suppose it's worth the price of admission, particularly to support Charlotte's tourism economy.
3	Great place to check out, even if you're not a huge nascar fan.. Everyone working was really friendly and willing to show you a good time.  The pit crew challenge was really fun!  I won... just saying.  The simulator ride is very similar to the actual "qualifying" simulators (which are free).  We had a few sub 2 year old kids, so we missed the movie and I won't be able to comment on it.  It's not really a place for young kids, even the "kid zone" is small and not a whole lot to do for younger ones.  There is also a nascar trailer and its neat to see how the inside of the trailers are set up in the tractor trailers that you see on the highway!  So Yea... I'll be able to say "I know what's inside" Booyea!!!:)They also have a sloped ramp that you can check out the Nascar cars evolution!  It's very interesting to see the progression of clumpy, non aerodynamic steel death traps to the fancy fiberglass ones that we've all grown up with.  One interesting feature of the ramp is that you can see the slope of the actual race tracks!  They're pretty steep! Yay... NASCAR!
3	We were in the area for Christmas and we spent a few hours here.  Not a bad way to spend part of a day.  The layout of the space is very cool and it is a very large space. It's 20 bucks for an adult pass which is kind of steep but it is a tourist attraction.  Having so many older race cars on display made it worth it the price of admission.  The interactive displays were cool and I enjoyed looking at items from the history of NASCAR, especially the really old stuff. The NASCAR Hall of Fame does a good job of showing why NASCAR has such a following.  The Movie about the history of NASCAR is worth seeing, it was in fact the best part of the whole experience for me. Not being a fan of NASCAR, I was pretty impressed with the NASCAR Hall of Fame. I did not like that you have to exit out the gift shop, I know most attractions do it but it felt a little shameless.
4	Lot more interactive than we thought it would be Takes about 3-4 hours to do everything
5	I have been to the NASCAR Hall of Fame a few times now. While it's been open for just 1 year it ranks 2nd of all the sports Hall of Fame's in attendance. The only one visited more is the Baseball HoF, and was opened back in 1939. Great attraction to spend the day at even if you're not a Fan of NASCAR. You may become one once you visit the Hall of Fame. The staff is amazing. Do yourself a favor and take the time to visit it. It has a movie to view that tells the history that I recommend viewing and has alot of interactive areas for you to enjoy.
5	I had a couple hours to kill in Charlotte and I do so love museums, so I wandered over to the NASCAR Hall of Fame. It was much larger than I expected, and I suspect, set up to be used for events and receptions along with being a museum. For $19.95 you have access to the entire Hall of Fame, which you could spend probably a full afternoon wandering around if you are into NASCAR. I am not a big NASCAR fan, so I probably didn't get my $19.95 worth, but it was still interesting. The exhibits themselves are well done, although the museum as a whole is slightly broken up, doesn't flow as well as it could. There were more than a few interactive challenges and simulators to take advantage of. Plenty of friendly staff just dying to help with questions. If you're in Charlotte it's really silly to not check out the NASCAR Hall of Fame. I even learned a little bit about NASCAR history and trivia that I shall use when pretending to know something about NASCAR.
2	This is my #1 biggest concern. About half way through the HOF, I realized it was lunch and decided to head over to the cafeteria. As with places like this, I expected the food to be overpriced, but was not expecting to get totally ripped off. A veggie wrap for $4.50 seemed like the best deal on the menu (and at least they do have a vegetarian option!) and perhaps it was, but it was much smaller than I expected. And since everything is made in the morning and already wrapped you cannot tell them "no onions" for instance. Food allergies will come into play a lot here I'm sure as you have to get the food the way it's made. My husband chose to get a "side salad" and we laughed when we realized a side salad is not a smaller salad, but a small portion of macaroni salad or tomato and cheese salad. We were both hungry when we left. We did not buy chips or candy, but you can get a small bag of chips for $1.00 or a regular sized candy bar for $2.00 If you're thirsty, you're in luck because they have soda, water, and juices, but they are the smallest bottles I've ever seen for $2.00 (that was for the soda - juices may be more). This is to encourage people to buy more I'm sure and to avoid sharing. They could easily sell them for $1.00 a piece and still make a killing, but they are more interested in being greedy.When you enter the museum and when you leave the cafeteria area, you will see signs saying no outside food or drink and no food or drink outside of the cafe. I'm almost certain this is not to keep the exhibits safe, as mostly everything is behind glass, but a ploy to get you to spend more. By the time you're half way through you'll be so thirsty, that you'll have to buy an overpriced drink, and then you'll see the sign saying you have to drink it all in the cafeteria area. There may have been water fountains by the bathrooms, but I doubt it. So my #1 suggestion is to eat before you go and tuck a drink in your purse for later.Second problem is their photos. When you enter, they take your picture as though you're about to set sail on a cruise and then they charge you just as much for it. When you go to the photo area, you'll see a large flat screen TV behind the counter and will probably assume, as we did, that this is to display your picture so you can decide before they print it out if you want it or not. Not so. This is merely to advertise that that is where you get your pictures, and they have slide shows of previous visitors up there. They instead print out every single picture and presumably toss the ones that do not get bought. I asked them to please not print out our photo as I doubted we'd pay the $20 for it and I didn't want to waste the paper or ink, and I was met with an attitude by the girl behind the counter. She said they print out everyone's photo - as if that makes a difference. That makes the problem worse! I would just expect such a museum to take more interest in protecting our resources. I'm sure they find that people are more likely to buy the photos if they are in front of them, but again, they are just being greedy.Aside from that, I found the history on the tracks very interesting and I love seeing the different grade percentages for the tracks. They have a 33 degree grade that you can step on - very similar to one that exists if you visit the Daytona track. The history on the cars I found to be very boring.The hard card activities were more hassle than they were worth as you wait in line to try each one and then some of the machines didn't even work.You can get parking diagonally across the street for $5, which I thought was the best value all day! Admission prices are not too pricey either, I didn't think.Oh, and the simulator ride costs extra.Except for the attitude we got from the photo girl, everyone else was very nice. But this is really something you visit only once. I can't imagine we'll ever go back.All in all, I doubt I'd recommend the Nascar Hall of Fame - for me there is very little I took away from it.
3	since I don't really have any interest in nascar, the hall of fame was not a place that I ever expected to visit. but, since i am teaching a summer camp, this was a field trip we went on this past week. the movie (about 15 minutes) was actually very interesting and was the best part of the experience for me. the people who worked there were all very friendly and helpful. they seem to have a LOT of people working there. there really were only a few interactive things for the kids to do and the kids we brought (elementary age) were too young to enjoy the few hands-on activities. several of the displays were broken or did not work correctly. luckily i didn't have to pay for my entrance but $20 seems pretty steep. also, if you want to actually do the driving in the car "ride", that is an additional $14. overall, this would be a great place to go if you are really into racing. if you aren't into cars, this museum is just so-so.
5	Great so much to do and see very much for family. Go early take your time and enjoy the many cars history and displays worth the money
4	This was a fun way to kill a couple of hours Uptown.  I'm a NASCAR fan but, not necessarily a fanatic and my wife would be lucky to name more than 3 drivers but we both had a decent time here.  It's a pretty high tech, high touch HoF with a hard card that you set up at the beginning of your visit and then can slide it in at various exhibits to earn points, good for what, I have no clue, could be swag or just points for the sake of points.Start off with the history of NASCAR movie and just wander around after that.  If you have even the smallest soft spot for NASCAR in your heart, you will enjoy yourself here.
5	My family and I have now been to 3 different halls of fame...NASCAR, baseball and basketball...and this was BY FAR the best.I'll start off by saying that none of us are big NASCAR fans and my daughter can't even name a single driver, however we all loved it.  There were so many interactive activities that time just flew by.  Before we knew it, we had been there for 3 hours and nobody was bored yet.A couple of tips:Go when they first open.  It will be empty.Stop by the Charlotte visitor center a couple of blocks away and ask for coupons.  They will give you as many as you want for free simulator rides. (This normally costs $5/person/ride)If you're a family, purchase the family pack.  You'll have an option, with that, for food vouchers or lanyards to hold your card.  The food voucher is worth about $10/person and the lanyard is worth about $1 and certainly not something you'll use after you leave.  So...we opted for 3 vouchers and 1 lanyard so my 10 year old could have one.  We had no itentions of eating there but figured we'd use it for at least a soda and some chips as a snack.  You can get your hand stamped for re-entry so leaving for lunch is no big deal.Speaking of the simulator...what fun!  My family had a great time competing against one another and couldn't wait to race again.A definitely "must do" when in Charlotte.
3	I'm not a nascar fan, but this place was really cool. It's very interactive and was quite fun.
4	Thus far this has been the most complete museum experience I've had in Charlotte.  Even for two total NASCAR noobs, the museum is fun, engaging and interactive.  You start with a brief video that outlines the history of NASCAR, and then move forward into the exhibits.  Of course there's lots of memorabilia, gear and automobiles on display, but the standout would be the many activity-based exhibits.  With your Hard Card, you can compete against family, friends and strangers in trivia contests, simulator rides, pit crew competitions, penalty scoring and refereeing, and many of the other behind-the-scenes sort of aspects of NASCAR racing.  There are one or two of these stations where you do have to sit and listen to a video or computer explanation for a while before you can actually start interacting, so if you have the patience you earn the points.What was really impressive to me is how much time you end up spending here, again even as NASCAR nonenthusiasts.  The place is so interactive that hours pass and the only thing that might snap you out of it is a rumbly in your tumbly.  As someone else mentioned, it's a bit much for little bitty kids, but your school aged kids should have a good time. Oh, and if you're a Bank of America customer, bring your card in on the first weekend of each month when admission is *!FREE!* for cardholders!  Yeah that aspect of it probably made everything seem even better to me.  Totally a fun place to go.
5	Wow. I wasn't sure that the NASCAR Hall of Fame would have enough to be interesting, since I'm not a NASCAR fan, but I was wrong. This is easily as cool and interesting as a four hour museum tour.Start with the High Octane Theatre with a welcome video to get your heart pumping. Then tour the Glory Road collection with cars dating back to the early days of racing up to the more recent vehicles. It took me a bit to understand that there was a progression here - as you go up the ramp, the sloping "track" goes from a flat one up to and past the 33 degree banking at the Talladega Superspeedway and the cars along the way would have raced at those courses. Subtle!The rest of the Hall is also cool with a race shop (not a 'shopping' shop - that's later, this is a 'garage' shop) that lets you experience one of the 18 wheeler "haulers" and a pit challenge where you can see what it's like to fuel a race car or jack one up or change the tires!Jumping back to the beginning, I can't recommend enough that you get one of the audio tour guides. Much easier to use than any guide I've seen in my museum experiences (better than the Van Gogh in Amsterdam or the Musee D'Orsay in Paris or the British Museum in London). Just point it at the easily recognizable transponder and listen! A real bargain at $5, it gives some cool background on the artifact you're viewing.A great experience for kids and grownups, even if you're not in to NASCAR. The whole place is very handicapped accessible too, which I think is a great deal.Of course, you have to exit through the gift shop. Tshirts, hats, decals, mugs, jackets, key rings, post cards, fridge magnets, even M&M candies (a big NASCAR sponsor). It's all very expensive, but I don't know anywhere else that you can pick up this stuff.And there's my 1400th review, which I dedicate to Tony "Smoke" Stewart, who drives the #14 Office Depot/ Burger King Chevy Impala! Go Tony!
5	We bought a tour package here. We went to a race shop (Michael Waltrip) and Mike Curb Racing Museum (Met Grandma Earnhart here). Then Back to the Hall of fame for lunch and The HOF. Lunch was good if a little over priced. This is very interactive and if you don't learn a lot here you must have been a crew chief for 30 years. From NASCAR history to brushing up on your pit crew skills (Those gas cans are heavy). Our tour guide Mr. Haas was funny and very knowledgeable. As an added bonus Kevin Harvick was at the HOF that day and we were part of a Q&A with him. Kevin stuck around and signed autographs and talked to people for over an hour afterwards. Try to get a MLB, NFL, or NBA star to do that!!! I would recommend this place to all but it is a MUST SEE for any NASCAR fan!
5	Located in downtown Charlotte and not near the race track. I am only a NASCAR fan, because it is something my husband is interested in, but I found this place to be really interesting. Not only do they show you the history of NASCAR, but you get to see all aspects of it. They have a driving simulator, in actual cars and a pit area, where one can participate as a pseudo pit crew member. You can enter a team truck, to see their traveling garage. They have an audio tour if you want to pay extra, or your ticket ( a collectible plastic card) works with various displays. They have a snack bar and a gift shop. Parking is in a parking garage next to it. If you are a NASCAR fan, you will really enjoy this place. If not, you will still find it quite informative. Worth a visit.
5	I am not one to give five stars.  I am one who believes that there is always room for improvement.  With the NASCAR Hall Of Fame, however, I have no complaints.In May of 2011, All Star weekend, I was in Charlotte on vacation so I could see the race and do all the other NASCAR things there are to do in NASCAR Country.  This included a stop to the Hall of Fame.  I started my morning early driving a few short blocks from my hotel to the Lynx train station on Woodlawn.  I arrived to the Hall a bit too early but enjoyed the weather, the scenery of the up -town Charlotte area and the cars I could see through the window.  I could hardly contain my excitement.  I knew that soon I would be inside and living out all my NASCAR dreams.  That time came soon enough.  As I entered, my picture was taken in front of a green screen.  I was not aware of what the picture would look like until the end of my stay.  It was great and I ended up buying a photo package.  That does not happen until later though. Don't get ahead of me.   I was worried that I would get through the Hall too fast and get bored.  I had a schedule to adhere to as I was there as part of a bus tour that would begin at the end of a few hours there. I never got bored.  Not in the least.  The Hall is enormous.  I was tired more than anything by the end of my three or so hours there.  I answered trivia questions, completed a pit stop (third best time of the day as of then), took pictures of the most modern parts of NASCAR as well as memorabilia of the early days of the sport I love. I was nearly overwhelmed.  At the end of my self guided tour, I got a free lunch in a collectors lunch bag, bought my photo package from earlier in the day and strolled through the gift shop shortly before riding the bus to two area race shops.  I would recommend that if you go to the Hall, go for the bus tour as well.  You will get to see both the Hall and a true active race shop up close and personal.  The five stars I give today are for the Hall as it stands alone but the full package if great too.
5	I am not a "GREAT" fan of Nascar, but I do love cars.Enjoyed this place alot, from the history of NASCAR to the people who help it become what it is today.  Very well done, exhibits were fun and exciting, I can't race I found out.  Very interactive, the staff is helpful and nice.  You will be entertained well for hours.  Worth the entry fee.    The building is amazing.  The only down side is the price of the souvenirs.  Too much for me.    I highly recommend it to anyone in the area.  I parked at the Hearst Building for $15 all day and walked the area.   So I saved money on the parking fees which are high for that area.  Don't know about it for NASCAR parking.  Safe area...
4	Great place to experience NASCAR and its history. The race simulator was a lot of fun.
5	What can I say. It's NASCAR, and I've been a fan for almost 15 years. It was everything I'd hoped it would be: informative, interactive, fun, and immense. There was so much to see, so much to read, and so much to touch. When a person looks as NASCAR through the TV every week, it's easy to forget about all the people and all the things that go on behind the scenes. The NASCAR Hall of Fame brings all of that into the light. I was confused about the concept of the Hard Card. The details behind it's use weren't the best and overall, I'd say don't waste your money. It's not a lot to purchase one, but unless you plan on visiting multiple times, save your cash. They also force you to exit through the gift shop, which I saw as a pretty obvious way to coerce you into spending more money. Unless you're really looking for something, make your way though and don't let the salespeople harass you.If you are looking for a souvenir (or a die-cast, in my case), their selection is immense and there is a huge variety of items to buy. Most of them are overpriced, but what else can you expect?Overall, and great value and fun for the whole family.
5	So interactive!  And the design of the place was unreal.  Loved taking the boys, but would definitely consider returning without the kids too (to take full advantage of all the interactive exhibits and activities that were hard to stop and participate in with a 3 year old wanting "to go see something else".
5	As much as I don't care for NASCAR, this place was awesome! Definitely check it out especially if you're in the area. $20 to get in, but worth it!This place is a fun-for-all interactive and educational experience for everyone who attends. They even have a little friendly competition for all who attend.  My family and I loved it.Definitely do the Pit Crew competition activity and the Simulator ride. If you have AAA (have your AAA with you), then you are able to get a free simulator ride. Otherwise, I think it is $5.I wish more places/museums/exploratoriums were like the NASCAR Hall of Fame. And as I said before, as much as I don't care for NASCAR, I somewhat have a greater appreciation for it.Did you know that NASCAR started out as a getaway car turned into a sport to see whose car was the fastest? Interesting stuff. Check out the short movie/film that they made once you get there.
5	My wife and I are not really NASCAR fans but we had a great time here. There is so much to do, everyone can find a way to be entertained.  I really enjoyed level 3 because there was a lot of hands on opportunities. The simulator was great but be sure to practice before you actually get in the car.  Also, you need to have your AAA card so you can get a free sim ride.  It took my wife and me 3 hours to get through everything.  It is definitely worth going to while you are in Charlotte.
4	Took my 4 year old boy.  He's only Bay Area, mixed-race, liberal child into NASCAR, or so I'm told.  He likes Target car (Juan Pablo Montoya) and Brad Keselowski.  Go figure.  Pure happenstance, in-laws moved to Charlotte.  Perfect.  Grandpa, kid and I spent day here.  Was peaceful and lightly attended.  Staff is very friendly.  Place was squeaky clean and nicely laid out.  We loved the real cars on display and the interactive exhibits.  Especially cool was simulated race in real cars.  Need to brag that I, with son sitting in my lap, beat 11 other dudes in the race, and all appeared to be Southern, NASCAR veteran dudes.  Only negative was lunch we got as part of package - lousy sausage, soft drink and bag of chips.  This place is really fun and what you want in a hall of fame.
4	I'll start by admitting that I am not a NASCAR fan. That aside, I had a really great time at the NASCAR Hall of Fame. This visit was added to our itinerary because one of my travel companions is a big NASCAR fan. Having seen my first race the day before, I think I was better able to appreciate the museum. I enjoyed that I was able to pick my personal tour guide (I picked Kasey Kahne) for the audio portions of the visit. Really enjoyed seeing all the different cars, both the actual cars and models. My favorite part though was where we got to pretend to be a pit crew and get timed performing the various pit crew tasks. I'm glad we visited and you should consider stopping here if you are sightseeing in Charlotte.
4	I'm not a NASCAR fan.  I really don't know anything about it.  However, this place puts on a very fun private reception.  I was here with 2,000 other conventioneers and the staff was super friendly - some of them might have been volnteers from the convention but everyone was very friendly.And I especially enjoyed the simulator ride.Not sure I would have spent much time here on a regular visit, not nearly as big as it looks from the outside but the NASCAR fans in our group loved the place and I had a blast too.
5	Great for kids and adults, including people not interested in racing. Lots of hands on activities and great explanations.
4	I'm not a big racing fan by any means, but my relatives from Ohio definitely are, and wanted to take a visit here while on their long weekend vacation.  We had a GREAT time!  The staff was very friendly, and we enjoyed being able to take our time with all the exhibits.  We also took part in the racing simulator and I found out I needed much more practice before I become a race car driver.  If you go, I suggest you plan for a couple of hours at least, and be sure to begin your visit with the film in that very cool theater!
5	The NASCAR Hall of Fame is all about the customer experience and outstanding customer service!  Winston Kelley, Matt Aldrich, Angela, and everyone else ensure your experience is a Hall of Famer!  The interactive displays are for all ages.  The history of NASCAR is all about true American heroes.  Getting to the Hall is a breeze and the cafe is clean and the food, tasty.  There can be no question that we will be back again and again!
5	Unlike the stereotypical tackiness and shameless self promotion that is the sponsorship world of motorsports, Winston Kelley and the team behind the NASCAR Hall of Fame have created a truly iconic museum respectful to the history of the sport, enjoyed by both the novice and die hard, and central to the headquarters of the many race teams and racers it honors.A tour here provides up close and personal access to the roots and history of the sport. Thousands upon thousands of trophies, credentials, uniforms, handwritten notes, and actual cars, parts, and interactive exhibits. It has the comprehensive artifacts of a Presidential Library combined with the interactive exhibits of a world class museum. Combine that with a large banquet and reception hall and live broadcasting facilities for NASCAR tv and radio and you have one world class facility.You begin the tour with a high powered, super widescreen, enveloping video presentation that feels more like an IMAX experience than a greeting. From there, you are taken out to the wrap around main display area showcasing 60 years of famous (real) NASCAR cars on a progressively banked display that showcases each track banking, history, and surface. As you reach the next level, you enter the Hall of Honor where the Hall of Fame inductees are enshrined. The most recent 5 inductees have cars and memorabilia, with prior year honorees HoF posts mounted to the wall. There is a viewing platform in the back of the room allowing you to look down on the first floor gallery you came from. Impressive view.The middle floor is the interactive part of the exhibit. Pieces and parts from cars, haulers, and dynos detailing the mechanical world of the sport. So much to take in and understand, plus interactive pit and driving experiences to boot. If you want to participate in the racing simulator, there is an additional charge, but combo packages are available.From there you ascend to the culmination of artifacts that go back to the very moonshine roots of the sport. All authentic, you meander through anything and everything you could imagine involved with the sport including 4 generations of racing memorabilia, trophies, cars, parts, and documentation galore. Upon completion of your visit, you return to the first floor and can either purchase the picture they take of you upon entering or exit out the gift shop.There is a small cafe in house, or a Buffalo Wild Wings attached to the building that you may eat at as well. Parking is in the back of the building, or other convention center parking is available (fee based)I cannot recommend this experience enough. For those unfamiliar, it is a fascinating look into the sport and why it is so much more than "turning left" or "driving in a circle". For the die hards, a chance to get up close and personal with NASCAR history and the progression of the sport they love so much. This facility has so many multi-use functions outside of the museum and will continue to be a showcase facility for the city of Charlotte and the world of NASCAR.Time: You can rush through the museum in about 90 minutes (and I mean steady walking) or easily spend 4 hours or more taking it all in. I recommend the latter. So much to take in and well worth it. Have been back for the Wrecks special exhibit and was worth it to have unreal access to some of the safety changing moments in the sport.
4	Came to this museum when I visited Charlotte in April. Of all the museums, my guy wanted to go to this one and he nor I are NASCAR fans! But I'm glad we chose this one. The simulator ride was nice, however wasn't long enough! What I also enjoyed was watching videos of the horrific accidents that occured on the race tracks! They even had some of those cars on display. Glad Charlotte, NC has the NASCAR museum to attract tourist. Would I come back? Probably not, I think I had my fill... But I am glad I went!
5	NASCAR Hall Of FameNever thought I'd ever visit the NASCAR Hall Of Fame in Charlotte, North Carolina, since I'm not a big NASCAR or racecar fan, but since I'm here, I heard it was a must-see place. I'm super glad that I made the stop here, because it was super cool, informative, and interactive! When you first step into the HOF, you'll be amazed at the giant spectacle that's laid out in front of you, with lines of classic race cars adorning the show room, ranging from the 1930s up to the 200s. Each car shown has a history of achievement and victory. Also included were racecar wrecks from which the drivers miraculously walked away from. Each wreck is shown through a video of how the accident happened during the race. Also in the show room, is a giant video screen, depicting numerous car crashes over NASCAR's illustrious history, giving you a sense of how Fast & Furious the sport truly is. Upstairs, the HOF has a whole floor dedicated to showing people how each racecar is inspected, taken apart, and how the pit crew works. I even had a chance to play as a pit crew member and went through timed trials to see how fast I could (1) jack the car, (2) switch a tire, and (3) fill the gas - my fastest time was 28 seconds, which pales in comparison with the professional spee of 12-14 seconds!!! I even got to try a racecar simulation inside a racecar, of which I was speeding and crashing left and right! I have a lot to learn before I become a racecar driver! The HOF also features many facts and videos of many famous NASCAR drivers, like Dale Earndhart, Jeff Gordon, Junior Johnson, and of course, how NASCAR started through bootlegging moonshine and people's need for speed. If you're in NC, and even if you're not a NASCAR fan, I highly recommend you to visit the NASCAR Hall Of Fame - you'll learn a lot, and get thrilled by speed, speed, speed1
2	There are plenty of historical exhibits but I thought the museum as a whole was lacking. It wasn't interactive at all, nothing about iconic moments in the sport or crashes which everyone I think expects to see something about. The check in cards are a gimmick. All the cool stuff you had to pay extra to do.
4	Venue:   NASCAR Hall of FameDecor:   Nice, Clean, Service:   FriendlyEnvironment:   Entertaining, InformationalFood:   N/APrices:  Fair Huge Pros:  Located centrally in the Heart of the City, relatively newer facilityDebbie Downers:   Conclusion:   It is something everyone should check out as a tourist.  You don't need to be a fan of NASCAR to enjoy this experience.  Definitely give it a go to put it under your belt for the different exhibits and activities it has.Overall: Whether you are a huge fan of NASCAR or just a casual fan, this is a tremendous venue with much to see.  It could have been located in a better Southern City Grade: B
4	I am not a NASCAR fan and will fully admit my friend and I originally stopped by here as a gag.  What we didn't expect was how much fun we would have!!!  We ended up being there for a few hours & learned a ton.  I loved looking at all the history and then also being a part of the interactive exhibits.  One of the employees pulled us over for the pit crew simulation thing.  At first we were not into it but the employee's enthusiasm convinced us to give it a try.  So glad we did!  It was one of our favorite things.  We messed up a lot but with some help we ended up with a decent time and a new appreciation for the pit crew.  If you're in the area and like NASCAR/cars, check it out.
5	Vrooom Vrooommmm!  I never thought for a second that I would ever end up at the NASCAR hall of fame before the football or basketball hall of fame but Im going to take advantage of everything my move to the dirty south has to offer. The wife loved her visit.  Her personal highlights were learning about racing's connection to moonshine and taking a picture with Herbie the lovebug.  The origins of NASCAR trace back to when bootleggers from the south would transport moonshine, an illegal alcoholic drink similar to whiskey, to watering holes.  It was big business and in order to avoid the cops gunning to take them to jail and spilling out their product, these folks would soup up their cars so they can outrun them.  One thing led to another, and the moonshine dealers started racing each other on the beaches of Daytona which started off the evolution of where NASCAR is today.My favorite part was how hands-on the exhibits were. My skills at playing Gran Turismo since 1998 worked their magic as we ran a simulated race.  Lots of fun and you get a sense for how sensitive the car is, you will spin out a few times guaranteed.  In addition, there is a pit-stop challenge station where I competed against my lady lumps.  Basically, you have to jack up the car, fill it with gas, remove the lug nuts from the tire and put in a new tire.  I can't do a lick of handywork (ask my wife who assembled all of our Ikea furniture while I "supervised)" but I destroyed her and felt like a man for a few minutes.The price per hours of entertainment is worth it.  I counted 3 hours of top-notch fun for $27 which included lunch.  Lunch includes a sandwich, drink and a bag of chips.  The bbq sandwich is no slouch and is on par with what you would eat at a bbq chain like Dickey's.I walked into the hall skeptical, having overlooked the sport my entire life but we walked away with at least an appreciation for all things NASCAR.  A+!
5	Not only is it one of the most badass museums you'll see in your life, it also offers the most outstanding experience you can think of. Yes, you get a nicely laid-out history and great exhibition, but you also get to drive a real-life simulation with training and explanations. Also, the souvenir shop rocks! Basically, this museum is awesome.
5	There are not too many things in life that scream trailer park, but for some reason a visit to the Nascar Hall of Fame is not one of them! I seriously had reservations about making this pit stop (pun intended) at the Hall during a conference, but it turned out to be one of the best stops in downtown Charlotte.For the Nascar lover, this place is heaven. For the casual fan who doesn't understand why a sport only turns one direction, it can still be a lot of fun. From the Nascar simulators, to the interactive exhibits, this one stop shop can fill up an afternoon with laughter, competition, and a serious rethinking of becoming a professional driver.
3	Charlotte, by most accounts, is the logical place for the NASCAR Hall of Fame. I mean, sure, you could make a bit of an argument for Daytona and all, but how many race teams are anywhere near Daytona? That's what I thought.Here's the problem: In today's world, do people really make pilgrimages any longer? I'm not talking about the Camino de Santiago, nor am I speaking of Mecca. I'm talking about going to Canton (Football, in case you need to look it up) or Cooperstown (Baseball) or Cleveland (Rock and Roll), for their respective halls? And looking at that list, it's also obvious that the city needed to start with a "C", but I digress.No, I don't hear too many people wanting to go to Canton to visit the Football Hall, or Cooperstown, to visit the Baseball Hall, or Cleveland, for much of any reason. Nor do I hear them wanting to go to the NASCAR Hall of Fame whilst in Charlotte (or coming here just for that purpose).Were it better situated, perhaps it would make a good draw - and I get that the city wants it to be uptown, because they think everything should be uptown, but IT DOESN"T WORK THAT WAY. If the racetrack is in Concord, and the teams are near the racetrack, and the wives are the mall near the racetrack, maybe they should have put the hall near the racetrack? But again, I digress.When you enter, staff is nice, and they help get you headed in the right direction - if you can't figure it out on your own. A sweeping track shows you the progression from some of the real cars, and a generally flat road, to the much more banked curve as you go up the wall so you can see how these guys drive today. It's impressive.As you go through the hall, you get to see plenty of memorabilia. You get to play trivia games, including a mechanic race to change tires and "fuel" a car. And that's about it, except the streets around the hall have checkerboard crosswalks. The actual hall isn't bad. Really, it isn't. But for people that live in Charlotte, even fans of NASCAR, I can't imagine too many reasons to go more than once, because much like the races themselves, it is about the same after a while.
5	Really enjoyed our time here. Parking was easy and not too far from the entrance. The facility is clean and well lit. The employes we encountered were nice and helpful. There were lots of exhibits and cars to see.
4	I was very impressed with the hall of fame. I'm not the big nascar fan in my family..my husband and son are, but I REALLY enjoyed myself! the building itself is beautiful,  and if you can have any appreciation for the sport itself you won't be disappointed.
5	The best tourist attraction in UpTown- by far.  It is half museum/ half entertainment attraction!
5	I had an awesome time here and I'm definitely coming back! There's so much to see and I love the simulators! I also like that it's connected to Buffalo Wild Wings!
5	One of the most interactive Hall of Fame/Museums I've ever been to. That means a lot coming from someone who lives in DC! I definitely recommend one of the combo packs if you plan on doing the simulator. One race isn't really enough to get the hang of it. We did the $33 combo with admittance, lunch, and unlimited simulator rides. The pulled pork sandwich wasn't bad for lunch, and when you figure a regular admission was already $20 it was a solid deal. The various quizzes and interactive games were also fun (and educational!).We ended up spending four hours there between the exhibits and simulator- make sure you have at least 2-3 hours available!
