3	Yoshi's Grill is basically a fast-food Japanese restaurant.  They cover all items from sushi to hibachi dinners to tempura.  I've been there a couple of times so far for lunch.  Both times have been somewhat average.  There's not a lot of atmosphere to the place (it is "fast food" after all).  The first time I dined at Yoshi (insert Super Mario Bros soundclip here), I tried the sushi.  The rolls we tried were good, but they couldn't compare to sit-down sushi restaurants I've been to here in Charlotte.  Today, we tried the hibachi combo meals.  I ordered the hibachi shrimp with broccoli and steamed rice.  A side comes with it and I opted for the salad (I do love a good ginger dressing!).  The hibachi food was good, but still kinda average.  It is by the University, though, so maybe students won't care.  But the prices for the meals were a bit higher than I like to pay for lunch at a "fast food" place.   $11 for the meal, drink, and tax?  And their meat and sushi combos were $10.25 + drink and tax.  Ouch.  Granted, it was healthier than a Big Mac (which I don't eat anyway), but you get the point.  Price is a big thing.  Especially for lunch.  And the restaurant was practically empty.  How about a lunch special, Yoshi?  Students and state employees aren't raking in the dough, you know...
5	Good food, 1/2 price sushi on Wednesdays and Fridays is one hell of a deal, but you probably want to call in a pickup order in advance.  There is another location in Huntersville, dunno if they do the sushi deal.
3	Nothing fancy, but the combo meals are a good value. The sushi was not  great but was good. Miso was the same as every other place and the yakitora chicken was good.
4	1/2 price sushi on WEDNESDAYS!  I stumbled in here by accident since I was looking for a place to cool down after some heated meetings at work but I drove around and thought I would give Yoshi's a try.I ordered 2 rolls... a spicy tuna (to compare to other sushi places I have tried) and a "special" tsunami roll.  Both were excellent and made quickly.The place is not a sit-down, and be served place... it has a large menu and you order at the register.  The menu also has hibachi grill items so that will be my next try when I re-visit.  You go and sit down at a table and the kitchen brings out your food when it's ready.  Even though the place runs like a fast food place, I thought it was great.  Maybe it was because I went from hating life to instantaneous satisfaction... but I will definitely go back.  It's hard to get sushi without having to tip a server or pay ridiculous amounts of money.I love the fact that it is tucked away in the university... so you can't really see it from the street.
3	I went for 1/2 price sushi on a Friday because some friends dragged me here. Even at 1/2 price it is still kind of expensive for some forgettable sushi. I got a spider roll and a panther roll. They are massive and take about 3 bites per piece. The atmosphere there reminded me of eating in at a Fast food place. It's an okay place on half price days, but even then I think I'll stick to places that require less of a drive like Ru San's for cheap sushi.
3	Sorry Yoshi's... the sushi I had today was not that great.  I know it was half price on Wednesdays which tends to slam the place with business, but for some reason I don't remember your specialty rolls being that big.  Pretty much took two bites to eat each piece....it took some fanagaling to keep the pieces from falling apart on you in your dipping cup, but I managed.Going to downgrade you guys to a 3 star for now.  The person manning the register was a bit snippy too, but I didn't have a huge problem with it... just noticed it later when I was watching the line stack up with people trying to decide what rolls they want.It may take me a while to come back, especially since it is a bit of a drive from the office and the parking lot here is a little short of horrible.
4	Good beer price. Pretty good sushi and alot better service then the one in huntersville. The sushi is pretty good and the hibachi meals are good. Its a decent place to catch a good bite to eat.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!! This area has half off sushi on tues and thurs. If you want to turn a friend on to sushi this is the palce to take them!
