5	The 5 star was given to this establishment for service.  My US Air flight was cancel & the airline put me up at this hotel.  I was given sleep inn front desk number to arraign a shuttle pick up & Ron who was the manager on duty that night was awesome.  He gave me clear direction out of the airport & upon arrival , he was very accommodating by offering toothbrush , deodorant , shower cap etc knowing that my suitcase was still at the airports.  The shuttle driver who I didn't get his name was also awesome.  Great people skill even at 1am!
2	Stayed here while in Charlotte for a meeting.  First impressions were not good.  The desk clerk was busy on the phone taking a reservation and didn't bother to acknowledge me standing there.   The lobby and breakfast room are being renovated and are a mess.  The workers had left bottles of water and various equipment in the hallway/stairwell.  Not professional at all.  I passed on the breakfast as I didn't really want to eat it while surrounded by construction debris and dust.I really wish that their web site had alerted me to the renovations.The room was clean, nice sized and in pretty good shape.  The bed was comfortable.
2	Ah...first impressions are important. First impression of this location....can I stay somewhere else??? We had  to since we had a good rate. Construction workers littered the front of the building smoking cigarettes. Can you guys move so we can check in? They literally wouldn't move and hubby had to carefully maneuver our vehicle around them.Inside the SMALL Lobby had a couch that had a rip in it.Room had a TV With an attached sticker that read "TV only works here in 3 languages". That tells you a lot about this place.Shower only, no tub. Light over bathroom sink blew out.No lamps on each side of the bed. Hubby had to cover his head so I could stay up late reading. (Yes I know I should have brought a book light!)OK, it was only for one night and we were supposed to be in a nonsmoking room, so why did our room smell of smoking???? I didn't' sleep much (neither did hubby) and I woke up with a sore throat.....check out and on our way! Yea!!! If you must stay here then it is adequate, to a fault, otherwise there are better choices around.
4	I've stayed here quite a few times. I think they remodeled the rooms before I started staying here. They have nice comfy beds a lot of pillows flat screen tv cable. All the things u need if you r bored in your room. Fridge microwave are nice too.  Decent breakfast the normal complimentary stuff nothing to write home about they do have a pool but it's closed right now. If your passing through charlotte there are far worse places to stay.
1	Checked in at 8:45pm on March 27, 2014. Published room rate listing was not available and they would not honor AARP discount. Went to the room desk chair was broken and light over one of the beds didn't work. Informed desk and was told they could not fix the problems in spite of sign saying they would fix any problems immediately. Was offered another room but moving out would just be another hassle. I guess swapping the chair was not an option. Desk clerk was certainly unconcerned about the problems. Went back to the room turned on the NCAA Dayton/Stanford game. Picture was so bad I couldn't even read the score on the bottom of the screen. This area has numerous hotels available, I would guess all of them would be a better option then Sleep Inn.
