4	Cleopatra Nails is fairly new, so the place is very clean.  The nail techs are all very professional.  Prices are very reasonable and the fact that 8.00 for eyebrow waxing is their standard price.  Other salons in the area are 10-12 bucks.  Walk-ins welcome.  The pedicure spa chairs are all very nice, comfortable and new.  Nice touches as well, they offer water, soda or coffee from their Keurig machine.  Hot rock massages and neck massages are all part of the price for a pedicure.
1	Not worth it, slow and not very customer oriented.
3	I have been to this shop only twice.  Both times for a pedicure.  My first experience was great!  The Tech was pleasant and did a good job.  When I made my second appointment I asked for the same Tech.  But when I arrived they said, "We forgot to put it on her schedule.  She's busy.  Someone else will help you."  Although the second pedicure was "okay", I didn't enjoy the experience as much.  I will give them one more try... If they mess up my next appointment I won't be back again.
4	This place is great. All the tools and foot spas appear to be clean. Ive never had any issues. I drive out of my way to go to this place. I can trust that they will do a great job every time!
5	What a great value!  You get a neck & shoulder massage with every pedi.  Friendly staff & clean salon.
4	Under new management but they did keep their prices the same.  You can still get the 8 dollar eyebrow wax, complimentary neck massage with every pedicure.
3	After the initial disappointments I found a Tech that did a good job and scheduled regular appointments.  Unfortunately a month or two ago the shop changed hands and most of the old staff has left.  The upside is that the new owners seem to speak better english than the previous ones.When I showed up for my appointment recently my regular girl was not there.  I was told she was out sick and someone else helped me.Although they were solicitous and friendly I was disappointed so when I learned that my gal was not sick but had quit I went looking for her.  I found her at another shop and have switched to her new location.
1	I stopped in here because it was nearby where I was shopping. I was in a rush & there was no wait. I got a acrylic full set, white tips. The gentleman who did my nails put the tips on too high, so my actual nail line is visible under the acrylic. There were also lots of bubbles and specks in the finished nail. I noticed he didn't brush the debris from my fingers after the drilling. I don't recommend this salon for anyone getting acrylic nails. No attention to details.
