4	Although I haven't eaten at this place, I have ordered from here quit a few times. The delivery is always quick and the quantity is good. Forgive me meat eaters,but I've only tried  the vegetarian items from their menu, but whatever I've tried has been really good.  I especially like their Singapore Rice Noodles. Some of the better Chinese food I've had in Charlotte.I will update my review once I get a chance to finally go and eat at the place.
5	Excellent food. It is a favorite for take out. Quick service when you call ahead with your order and go to pick up. I have not eaten on the restaurant but it looks nice. Staff is very friendly.
4	This has replaced Chia Bistro as our go-to take-out place.  The food is tasty and seems relatively fresh for Chinese delivery/take-out.  Prices are competitive and delivery is fast, even in Friday night traffic.  The spring rolls and beef and broccoli are tasty and filling, with plenty of veggies.  If you live in or near Highland Creek, give these guys a shot!
4	This is your one-stop Chinese takeout shop!  Hunan park never disappoints, and they always have your order ready super quick.  I highly recommend the general tsao's chicken.  If you order takeout for dinner be sure to ask for utensils or have your own. Overall, solid across the board!
4	On a recent visit with two colleagues of mine, I was introduced to this gem hidden in a strip mall known to locals as Hunan Park.  The food is quick, tasty, and cheap.  If you're looking for a casual dining spot on your work break or trying to grab something to take home for the fam, this is your spot.  HP keeps it real and you should too.
1	The bathroom was so dirty and awful, like it hadn't been cleaned in a month or more.  The food was old, like it had been cooked in the morning and sat in the pan all day.  Too expensive and not so great customer service, never going back
1	I ordered from here out of desperation for delivery.  I ordered Pot Stickers (the only good thing) Mongolian Beef and Orange Chicken.  The beef had large veins of grizzle running down almost every bite.  The breaded chicken was so tough I couldn't finish it.  It was as if they took some frozen, breaded chicken out of a freezer from months of sitting and microwaved it on high until it was over cooked.  I am writing this at 4:24 am because I can't sleep due to the queasiness in my stomach that has lasted roughly 8 hours.  Being a slave to the limited delivery in the Charlotte region certainly takes it's toll.
1	ROACH IN FOOD!!!! beware of this place, and they didn't even offer to refund us for our meal, and blamed the ROACH on us. this place was our top Chinese spot, but never again! we had our family from out-of-town dying to eat here with each visit. i will live out my days telling warning everyone of the dead ROACH  my wife found in her lunch. Think twice before ordering from this place, unless you enjoy the extra crunch and protein from ROACHES!
5	Excellent lunch value, quality food, great service and place was very clean when I ate there today. No complaints from me at all and now one of my favorite restaurants.
4	Located near Highland Creek, the restaurant is actually facing Ridge Road. This place is a little hard to find, it's in the strip mall down on the side. It's worth the effort.I have lunch here often. It's always a friendly place to dine. Unfortunately, they are not usually very crowded. They do a good take out business though. They have very fast service, so it's a good place to go if you are in a hurry but want to sit down for a few minutes. They have the hot mustard, sweet and sour sauce and soy sauce at the table. My favorite thing here is the hot and sour soup; it's some of the best I've ever eaten. The hot tea is fresh and takes a while to brew... I usually end up drinking it at the end of my meal. The portions are fairly large even at lunch. Everything is clearly marked on the menu as hot if it comes that way.I unusually order the chicken or shrimp Kon Bo I think it's the best thing on the lunch menu. I do like it spicy. They cook it when you order, like most Chinese restaurants. Recently, I've been trying other dishes here. Fire Cracker shrimp is very good. It's even better at dinner time. At dinner, they encircle it with barely cooked broccoli, just the way I like it. The beef is always very tender in the dishes and is cut to just the right size.I don't particularly like the dishes that have breaded chicken. Some of the pieces are tough and seem to be over cooked. There is more breading than chicken. If I had to guess it's breaded ahead of time then cooked in a deep fryer and the oil is really hot. It has a good flavor just too overdone for me.
4	I ordered delivery from this place based on good reviews. I was not disappointed! The firecracker shrimp and crab rangoon were tasty, and delivery was super fast. They quoted 40 min delivery window but were here in less than 20 mins. My new fav spot!
5	Tried for the 1st time last night. I haven't had kung pao chicken this good in 20 years. wife had the moo goo gai pan and raved about it too. Takeout. Will def become a regular patron.
2	Alright so I tried this place based on the reviews, BUT clearly here needs to be more reviews because this place was terrible. The only thing good about it and other people were right on was the good was ready quick! But I ordered the beef szechuan, and it was like the had no idea how to make it, and just threw a bunch of vegetables together and duck sauce! And called it a day, WHOA it was bad. And the wonton soup tasted like cardboard (no joke) worse place I ever been to, never going back (2 stars based on fast service)
4	I love this place ... The food is incredible . The service is fast . And the presentation is fantastic. Try the house specialties . The chicken and walnuts is divine . This place is a hidden gem .
5	I just moved to the area. And this is the only Chinese place that I like that delivers. The food was always hot and fresh Everytime.
5	We've been looking for a really good Chinese food place in the area, I haven't had luck with the others, the food quality just hasn't been there. We tried Hunan Park last night and were not disappointed. We live 0.9 miles outside of the delivery radius (boo!) so pick-up it is for us, but it's worth it.
4	Ordered a lunch to go. I had chicken in garlic sauce with an egg roll. The egg roll was just the right amount of fried and very juicy. The chicken was in a sauce that was bright red for some reason. I'm assuming it was from the chili? No matter why it was red, it was delicious. I would eat here again without a doubt. For under $7, I had a filling lunch that didn't upset my stomach. Success!
5	This is our favorite take out restaurant as it is so close to home. They are in the same building as the Harris Teeter at the Shoppes at Highland Creek. We have never dined in, but whenever we have ordered for pick up, they get our order ready before the time they tell us.We are really big on their shrimp in garlic sauce and the fire cracker shrimp. Also, their hunan chicken is amazing. Basically nothing we've had here has been anything less than amazing. I'm so glad these guys are close by!
