5	I'm surprised this place has not been reviewed yet.  I've been a fan of this place for a couple of years now.  This location is much better than the one that was located at the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace.The atmosphere is nice, service is friendly and most importantly the food is good.  Definitely a good place to go with friends and family.
5	One of the best Italian places in Vegas.  This is a locals spot that's fairly well known. You can dine inside or outside, although the tables outside aren't as comfy.  Staff is usually pretty nice but a bit slow. The menu is the main draw here. Packed with all sorts of gourmet level items, you can't go wrong. I haven't had a bad meal yet. They have seasonal favorites like pumpkin ravioli with walnuts. Mmmm....and potato gnocchi that isn't too bad.  This is a great little spot to take friends and dates to as the parking is good, the street traffic is nonexistent and it's located just outside one of the larger local theaters.  My only beef, they serve no butter with the bread unless asked. Instead you get this olive topping that isn't to my palette's liking.
5	The vegetable ravioli is the best there. I don't think it is on the menu any longer but they usually still have it. Perfect size portions, nice ambience for couples or groups and decently priced. I've always had a wonderful time there and never a bad meal.
4	This was one of those Italian places that was on my list and I finally got around to going there. I was impressed. It's kinda large inside so the ambiance isn't that intimate, more Olive Garden then your romantic mom and pop hole in the wall, but that aside, the service was great. Very attentive, quick and the staff was very nice.We had the calamari for an appetizer. It was nicely done, well presented. Not over cooked and rubbery but tender and delicious. The bread with the olive paste or whatever it was, was good, nothing special but tasty. I had the Chicken Limone - a cream sauce with grilled chicken, sun dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts and pasta. Very good! My date had the chicken parm and she raved that it was one of the best she's had. I will definitely try this place again to sample more of their dishes.
5	Bertolini's RIP.Before I even noticed they closed another Italian restaurant has sprung up in its place.  Bertolini's had the best lunch specials and the nicest staff.  Too bad :(
