1	Bought a Groupon for 3 months of membership and in the "how to" section it requires us to call (702)818-5800 to register. After numerous attempts during their "staffed" hours at 10am-6pm to register, they finally leave a voicemail for my friend and lets us know that we can come in anytime 10am-6pm to register. We have to register to get the key so we can have 24 hour access to their facility.Today me and my friend go to anytime at 2:15PM and try to open the door for the guest entrance. Surprise surprise it is locked. There are people in the gym of course, the other customers who already have a key to access the member access entrance. Where is the staff? There is no sign that says "out for lunch". Don't call it staffed hours if there is no staff working. Called a handful of times while waiting outside and no one answers. Bigger waste of time than trying to order a steak at a vegan restaurant. Definitely not the best business people. Will update when the "staff" contacts us back.
5	I love this gym - I started working out here two months ago when I moved down the street.  It's clean, never crowded, and all the equipment is super new.  Oh, and my favorite?  All of the cardio machines have tvs attached to them, with cable and built-in DVD players.  That's right.  Freaking DVD players.  Now I take my Office, 30 Rock or How I Met Your Mother DVD to the gym, pop it in, and run for two episodes.  Or I watch The Soup, or Pop-up Video.  That's right; the world is now my cardio oyster.  Love!
4	Almost as good as my usual anytime fitness, but this one is a bit smaller, and has mostly Nautalus machines.  But just like the others, its usually never crowded, it has everything you need for an amazing workout, and its a nice place to go where people are not on cell phones, posing in the mirror, or being a sweaty nusance
3	Good small gym with pretty much everything you need.
3	I suppose its about time to update this.After overlooking the initial horrible groupon experience and getting that all sorted out it concludes Anytime is a bare essentials gym which is all you really need.You will be able to do pretty much all basic workouts, whether it be cardio or lifting, get a tan, stretch, and watch tv without much disturbances from others. The most amount of people I have ever seen in this gym with me was probably 6. Sometimes if you go late at night there seems to be a security guard keeping watch in his vehicle outside the gym. It is also pretty clean in here.
5	I really like the location and the fact that the gym is small.  When ever I go to the gym it never seems packed which is great!  The people I have met there are nice so far.
