4	L'Amore D'Italia is a nice family run Italian restaurant. During the week it is great for a romantic dinner for two, the service is friendly and the food is delicious. I enjoyed some nice pepperoni, sausage type pasta here. However. Do not make the same mistake myself and my newly single friend made, and go on the weekend. It turns out on a Friday and Saturday this restaurant turns into some sort of party restaurant. Random, I know. I didn't know restaurants did this, but evidently they do. So it wasn't so much a nice quiet meal, as more of a shouting to each other while the hen/stag/birthday parties around us partied away and sang along to the loud music. It was really quite a surreal experience, I haven't experienced partying while eating a meal before while my company sits almost in tears (over her break up, not the restaurant). Best done during the week.
4	I came here with some friends about a month ago and we all had a tasty and fun meal.  We were pretty perplexed when they handed us each a 'party menu'.  They seem expecting hoards of people to descend upon them for a raucous party, but there was nothing like that when we were in, probably because it was only a Tuesday night.  The atmosphere was chilled out and the staff were open and friendly.  The menu has a great range of authentic Italian dishes and most of it is pretty well priced.  I went for the seafood spaghetti which was quite cheap at less than a tenner and tasted amazing with really fresh fish.  We all agreed that we'd come here again any day for the delicious food and great service.
4	L'Amore is a lovely little restaurant in Tollcross that offers great meals at very reasonable prices.  If you visit between 12 and 2 or between 5 and 7, then you get even better value for money so it's well worth coming at these times.On Friday and Saturday nights they tend to have special nights which are more expensive, but for the rest of the week its business as usual and you'll be able to simply go and enjoy a good meal.  If I were you I'd come during the week simply because it offers a better meal out.You don't have to spend a lot of money to come here and you do get a good night so it is well worth paying a visit.
