5	This is the nicer of two parks I've brought my dog to.  We live 10 miles from this park but I bring my Labrador Retriever here to exercise her and let her have some dog fun.  I either take my dog for a walk around the 2-mile paved pedestrian/bicycle path or I let her run wild and free in the off-leash dog run.  There are dog poop bags along the 2-mile paved path but there is no drinking fountain(for doggie or for human) and there is no shade anywhere along the path.  In the dog runs, which there are three(one each for small, medium, and large dogs), each a separate fenced area, there are dog poop bags, doggie drinking fountains, and benches for pet owners. Some of the benches are under a shade, some are not.  What I like best about bringing my beloved Labrador Retriever to this dog run:  the whole sports complex and the dog runs are maintained clean and that there are no loiterers or dubious-looking people around.  I feel safe for my dog and for my self as well.  I should not forget to mention that there are several restroom facilities inside the sports complex and one is near the parking lot just right outside the dog runs.
4	Attention DOG owners:This is a fantastic dog park; one of the BEST I've found in and around my neighborhood!  Two HUGE, separate areas......one for the BIGS and one for the littles!   And if it weren't for the occasional owner that doesn't know how to control their animal or in fact , just doesn't give a HOOT, I'd give this place 5 stars!  I have a Doberman and a Rottweiler, if I can control my 200+ pounds of dog, you should be able to tame your small yappy beast!That is all...........!Now, go to the park and get that dog some exercise, they'll thank you.....I promise!
5	Okay so its not like I'm a dog park connoisseur or anything but I do love this dog park. The park closest to me is on Buffalo and Charleston and there is rarely other dogs there when I go. There is however always some dogs at this one. And I tend to go at all hours during the morning and afternoon. The people are nice and the dogs are mostly friendly and tend to get along with my 1 and a half year old German Shepherd-Sharpei mix. I like how they have separate parks for small and large dogs. Though I often see little ones in the big dog park, it usually doesn't cause much of an issue. The people here tend to be good at picking up after their dog and keeping an eye on them. I can't comment on the rest of the park because I've only been in the dog park part of it. But if you're thinking about it and are nearby, I say go for it. And if you see my puppy Nala, chances are she'll come up and say hi to you first. She's friendly and good with people and other dogs.
4	As you know Rex is a man of the people. A people person.  When Rex throws a hot iron at someone's head he always says "you made me do this."  Which that explanation seems to comfort their severe burns and grade 3 concussion.  The look of...okay...I get it...it IS my fault resonates in their severely scrambled brains.  It is the kind of comfort that only a caring individual can provide.  Rex also knows that when using a black jack to break the leg of an informant you aim UNDER the knee.  No need to hit above the knee, that takes several hits and it is just not called for...under most circumstances.  And when Rex pays a hooker he almost never throws the roll of quarters at her and screams "thanks for nothing"  in her face...unless he pays extra. Lastly, Rex knows when you at the height of a 5 day meth binge he never creates an internet radio station to bad mouth is bosses while surrounded with porn stars and mindless sycophants.   Common courtesy that only a gentleman knows. What you may not know is that Rex is a friend to man AND beast...as that donkey in Tijuana knows all too well.  I love you, Mr. Snuggles. I digress.  A few months ago as a...payment...yeah...lets call it payment...Rex received a beautiful Pit Bull/Rottweiler/Jack Russell terrier/Chihuahua...strange mix  but very cute. He looks so sweet when he is gnawing on your carotid artery.  King Kazoo Flintstone is a sweet dog...unless...oh...you don't want to know...but trust me when I tell you...if you hear "hello dum-dum" it means time has run out.  The King and I spend a lot of time working...so after a long at the...office...we enjoy a little winding down time. King loves the other dogs...sometimes 3 or 4 times.  He is truly an animal.  Well, when we go to have some good old fashioned fun we go to the Kellogg and Zaher complex. The park is well maintained and the fenced in area is large.  We can take off the leash and let King run around.  The other owners are excellent with their dogs. Your dog doesn't start any drama...you will be fine. They have separate large areas for bigger dogs and the smaller dogs.  For the most part people have the brains to know where their dog belongs.  If not the owners are very good about telling them.  Let's face it...there is one issue with most dog parks...poop. Most owners are exceptionally good at picking up after their dogs. Some idiots don't and either they get told to pick it up or someone else does. Which is very nice of them.  WARNING: They do get upset when you rub an owners face in the poop while also pooping yourself on the owner who refused to pick up after their dog. Some people are very sensitive. They have water for the dogs, but the only minus is that there is no shade, and in the summer it is going to be hard to bring your dog unless it is early morning and/or late evening. Other than that the people are great, the facility is excellent, and if you want to walk your dog they have a long walking trail around the fields.   Just don't streak onto the fields with your junk painted like a sunflower...apparently that isn't considered "cool" or "legal" or "an adult sized penis."  Puritans.
4	Just wanted to give an update. I've been going to this park for like a year, there's a ton of awesome dogs and great owners, but there has also been a lot of drama. There was a dognapping, apparently not just at this park. All over town there are a few guys that will work together and steal your dog jump in their truck and drive away. I hear they are driving them to another state and selling them. From what I hear, they target Huskies. Also, there have been some violent dogs, with owners that don't even stay anywhere near their dog to control the situation. Usually it's a Pitbull, but there has also been a few different breeds doing the same thing.  In addition to those issues, a buddy of mine's dog caught a mouth virus that the vet says can often spread in dog parks. This is the only park he takes his dog too. Now, I guess this can happen in any environment where many dogs drink out of the same bowl and play tug of war with each other, so I wont fault this park specifically. Plus it goes away eventually with medicine. A dog park shouldn't have these kinds of problems. It mostly can be solved with dog owners being more responsible. That being said I still like this park and will often take my dog here. I'm just a lil more cautious everytime I go.
5	I have a few canines in my family, and I love taking them out on long walks. Not only is it great bonding time and exercise for both of us, but it's better for me to drain my dogs' energy here and have tranquility at home. I bring my GSDs here all the time. Not only is it fairly close to my house, which makes it an awesome win right there, but the park is huge! I don't know how big it is in terms of miles around it, but I know my dogs are tired when we're done doing a complete lap. Also, they have a few dog pens where you can leave your dog off-leash and have them interact with other dogs. It's awesome, though I never partake of that because one of my dogs is nuts. I usually just park, walk from the parking lot to Trent Park (Vegas and Rampart), walk back to the mini park on Tenaya and Summerlin Parkway, and then head back to my car. It's a substantial walk, but it's a good one. The walk to Trent park is awesome because you get to go up by the wash, and there are usually other peoples and canines there, too. Also, this park is great for riding bikes. I take my Diamondback up here periodically, though riding alone is a lot less fun than jogging with a dog.
3	I moved to Vegas at the beginning of the summer and went from a large house with a large yard to a two bedroom apartment.  My poor pup has been cooped up all summer due to the heat and not having a yard, so I decided it was cool enough today to venture out to the park.The complex on a whole is great. A lot of soccer fields, picnic areas, walking areas. I think I saw a play ground for the kids too, but may be imagining that.Part of the reason that I chose this park was because previous reviewers mentioned there are three runs, one for small, one for medium, and one for large dogs.  My dog is on the smaller size of medium, but usually noticeably larger than the small dogs.  I have a pretty serious knee injury and didn't want to risk  being jumped on by the big dogs, so I thought the three runs would be perfect.  There are only two runs, large dogs and small dogs.  Luckily, a lot of the dogs in the small area were the same size as my dog.My pup enjoyed running around and playing with the other dogs.  The other owners were friendly and kept a good, yet playful eye on their pups as well.  There is a water fountain for the owners and the pups which is great as there really isn't much shade at all (minus 1/2 star for the lack of shade).My biggest complaint is that this place smells HORRIBLE!  I don't know what the cause for the smell was because as I walked around with my pup, I didn't see any doggy doo doo on the grass and all of the owners were great about picking up after their pups.  It was awful though, and seemingly worse in the small shaded area.Based on other reviews of parks in the area, I will probably end up back here and if it weren't for the smell and lack of shade, I would've rated it 5 stars.
4	Used to come here for flag football, & there's plenty of fields that usually always have flag football or soccer going on. Great place to camp for the day & watch some league games. Also, the dog park here is decent. Nothing too special, for they just have the fenced closure & an adequate amount of room for dogs to run. When I'm on the west side of town, this is one of my favorite parks to visit when I want to kick back & watch a game on a weekend afternoon.
4	Very convenient and large doggie park. Areas for large & small pups. Lots of regulars with lawn chairs, drinking coffee & supervising friendly pooches. Home from home! Good owners pick up the 'business' so clean. A ton of parking and two entrances.Good option for burning mutt calories and my canine companions had an absolute blast!
4	I rode my bike through this park today following the Bonanza Trail to the Angel Park Trail.  I have been in the park one other time, to attend a pro tennis match in the main court at the Darling Tennis Center on the west end of the park.The park has 11 soccer fields and there were several games going on when I rode by.  I could see several tennis players in the side courts and you could hear the balls being whacked.There are plenty of picnic shelters and children's play area on the north side of the park.This is a really pleasant place to ride through if that's what you like doing.  I can see that it would be a great place for a family outing.
5	Who doesn't love a good park?  K-Z is my home away from home since it's only about a mile away from where I live.  As a triathlete, I've run and biked countless miles here over the past few years.  The soccer fields aren't just for soccer; I use them all the time to do sprints. But, you don't need to be a crazy fitness fanatic to appreciate this place. There is a 1.7 mile paved road that circles the soccer fields, well-lit and closed to traffic, perfect for walkers, runners, and cyclists.  I've seen the sun rise and the sun set many times here during workouts and no matter what time of day, there are usually other people taking advantage of the amenities, which include a tennis complex, playgrounds, and a dog park.  There is plenty of parking, but it does fill up when there is soccer practice most nights and/or soccer tournaments on the weekend.  I don't mind that, though, because it warms my heart to see people out and about, getting their groovin' moves on!
4	Even though I don't live in the area, I really like this park. If you like to jog, they have lots of small fields to choose from. I like to come here in the morning whenever I get the chance because there aren't many people at all, so I don't have to feel weird doing lunges and drills on the field by myself. They even have two dog parks, one for small dogs and one for large, where I always see a lot of people watching their dogs play together. There isn't a shortage of parking at all and it goes all along the park, so you don't have to walk very far whenever you park.
5	This park is AH-MAY-ZING!!I've decided to become thin and I have a strong urge to walk and jog. First I went to the walking trail that is on Durango between Washington and Vegas that connects to this other park near Angel Park golf course. I parked at the Westcliff park and ride and walked a short distance to the trail. I walked the trail and it ended. Kinda bummed. On my walk back I was about to cross Summerlin Pkwy and I noticed a tunnel going under the pkwy. I went through the tunnel and it connects to this park!! The cemented walking trail was wide and very, very long. I was gone an hour and a half. It felt great. And I was within feet of the parking lot so now I know to park at the park instead of down Durango. I will so come back here!!!!
5	Talk about "Park of Dreams"? It not often I go too parks in general but if I do go mostly due in part too get my outdoor running on. If you ever need extra motivation too get running in or exercise on. At Charlie KEllogg and Joe Zaher Sports Complex. So many things going on you can not help but get inspired. Talk about refreshing change of pace too Vegas seeing other runners, walkers, cyclists, and everything between all in the same park. Really on perfect weather day so many things going on you really could make day out of people watching, fitness on, watching kids play at the numerous playground areas (different parts of the park; each one slightly different from the next one), and lets not forget about pet lovers cause pets are our kids too huge dog park area. If not fan of soccer or better yet fan. There always seem too have some kine of league games from youth too adult leagues. Catch game. Or just lay out on one of the grass areas kick back read good book or toss football or frisbee around or anything fun. It great place too go running even if doing loops. Best part so many things going on around you keeps running fun and interactive all the things pass by or seeing other runners. The path is well paved in great shape and highly recommend on not so Hot summer day or nice Cool winter day sun out one of the best parks too chill and relax in!!
5	This place is awesome.  There are like 20 soccer fields here - full size and some smaller.  Not sure if you need to reserve them or anything as I just went to watch some coworkers play in the Corporate Challenge games.There is also a dog park on site.  Also, the fields are gated in so there's a large lap trail all the way around them so its good for walking or jogging.
