5	We had signed up for a Couples Yoga Workshop with John & Nicole Salisbury last Sunday and were eager to visit the new Blissful location.  Having heard great things about Rosa ( the owner), we arrived a few minutes early, filled out the necessary paperwork and then entered the "cool studio" for the workshop.  Apparently, there is more than one studio (I'm guessing that the other one is a "hot studio".)The studio is larger than I anticipated and 2 of the walls have interesting straps secured to full-length wooden panels for Acro-yoga.  I heard one of the other attendees talking about how open she was after trying it.  I'm adding it to my list of "Must Try Soon."John & Nicole taught a great workshop, leading by example at times and always hands-on for safety purposes.  I've been to many of John's classes ( when he taught at At One Yoga) and also a number of times at his current home studio, Life Power in Scottsdale.  They make a great couple (newlyweds of 4 months).Following the relaxing and informative workshop, we had a chance to meet the studio owners, Rosa Rendon and Moises Martinez.  Another great yogic couple that are warm and caring.  I can definitely see now why & how Blissful yoga continues to grow in the Phoenix metro area.  We will return again soon for the Acro-yoga!
1	Blissful Yoga Studio went out of business within several days of me purchasing a five class a package for my mother. Upon contacting the studio-- which never returns phone calls or emails-- on a repetitive amount of occasions, the studio finally agreed to issue a full refund within 48 hours. This assurance and guarantee of reimbursement has yet to be fulfilled after almost 2 weeks.I have never encountered a business that values its customers in such a manner (not a compliment in the slightest). I will continue to pursue Blissful Yoga Studio until I have received my full refund for the unused five class package I purchased in January. A completely counter-reproductive, irritating, and surreal experience.
1	They went out of business.  They do not respond to calls or emails.  They are not issuing refunds.
5	I really wish this place didn't close! I was going to try the hot yoga again but when I realized they closed I was really bummed! I did like this place a lot! It was not far at all from my home which was awesome and the first hot yoga class I took was here and it was amazing! The showers were super clean but could have been a bit big! The yoga teacher was very nice helpful and did not feel pressured to try hard at all in front of her. I got to leave my stuff out on a little sofa by the Cashier in front of the store which meant someone would be watching it so it did not get taken and nothing did which made me very happy! The class pack I signed up for was a great deal but sadly because of school I did not end up using all of the classes I paid for which was a big regret for me! Wish the other locations were closer or this one would open up again because I definitely would come back to it!
