5	I thought it might be odd to write a review about a spiritual spot...but sometimes I feel Macy's is my personal heaven so here goes. For those of you looking to connect deeper with yourself and the world, and want a non committed affiliation, check this place out. Its not your typical church experience- the place is founded on Science of Mind which is NOTTTTTTTTTTT Scientology or even close. If you have seen The Secret, read books by Louise Hay, or hopped on the Power of Now wagon, you understand the basic teachings of The Law of Attraction and changing your thinking, changes your life. Anyways, it is a perfect place to set aside an hour on Sunday to get back to basics. You can believe in any higher power and be cool here. The people are nice, don't corner you and the talk is always relate able to real life.Wishing you all the best on your own journey!
5	My uncle Rick is a member of this church so when my grandfather passed away, naturally, he wanted to do a memorial to Grandpa at his place of worship. I'm not a religious person but I did come here one other time with my uncle (I took a world religions class and Rick took me here). My first impression is that its such a beautiful church with symbols of various religious icons and a laid back atmosphere. The people seem to genuinely love it here and feel comfortable being in the presence of their pastor(?) Rev. Mitzi Lynton. She was well spoken, not pushy and not saying "God this and Jesus that". She told the congregation ,my family, to take a deep breath and say your own prayer for him as he was a father,husband, brother, grandfather, brother-in-law, father-in-law etc...you get the idea. I found that t o be super. They put up a few appetizers with water, tea and wine and gave our family room to mingle and greet eachother etc..The girls who helped were on top of everything! They respect one anothers  faith and belief system. I definately think i will be going back and checking out a real service. Thanks to my uncles friends who helped with everything from food, song choices, flowers and loving support.
5	This place is AMAZING. They welcome every human being. There was no judgment, just ACCEPTANCE. There was no negativity, just POSITIVITY. I went in with apprehension. I usually go by the philosophy, "take what you like and leave the rest"when I left, I actually took 100% of my experience with me, which included a smile.
5	These people open their hearts and welcome everyone. Your not just tolerated, you are accepted and loved. They don't shove religion down your throat. They teach love! They are Science of Mind, not not not Scientology. Not anything like it! If you are lookinng for an up beat spiritual experience, go there. I am so happy to have found CLF.
5	While my beliefs are different than them as I am Christian the attitudes and behaviors I have seen here are heads and shoulders above what I have experienced at many Christian Churches. I have attended on a regular basis and greatly enjoy my time and experience here on the Sundays that I am able to attend. They are open and accepting of all people. There are different lifestyle's that I don't necessarily agree with but it is not my place to judge but to treat with respect and dignity that each human being deserves. This is what I see here. Rev Michelle is a class act and a genuine caring person. Life is to short to condem others and that does not be occur here.
