3	Popped in here over the weekend and I really wanted to be excited but just couldn't catch the vibe.  I'm happy to see the old owners of the Breakfast Club at least step it up a notch and bring this place to a rather dead location prior.  They will likely do ok considering their location is so close to Dandelion Market which is already a popular nighttime location for lots of people.I will say the music is ok and the decorations (mostly 90's era) is fun to look at and think back to yester year but that's where it ends for me personally.  I think the place might need a few more tweaks and it might actually appeal a bit more.
3	I ventured into Roxbury a few Saturdays with a group of close friends from college. We rarely  participate in the Uptown bar scene and found ourselves people-watching more than fun-partaking in the Epicentre, so we decided to venture into uncharted territory and find a bar where the crowd was a bit less... um... skanky/fresh out of college... where we (a group of married and soon-to-be-married couples) could let loose. We were thrilled to see the Capn' Crunch commercials, hear music from our childhood, play late 80s arcade games, and party like it was 1999. I could've done without the cover, it seemed a bit excessive considering the crowd was pretty light, but we'll definitely be back!
3	Ventured here sometime last month for the first time. The best part about this club is their interior. It was fun looking at all the memorabilia from the 80's and 90's since I'm a pop culture addict. Song choices were ok. Upstairs area can use better lighting.
3	$5 cover Saturday night. Night at the Roxbury was a good time, but okay club. Quite a mix of all kinds of people with different styles, half sports bar with games- half dance club, and people just stand around and socialize on the top floor. Outdoor area as well. Right next to Dandelion. I'd go back, but I'd like to try some other places before returning.
4	We had a lot of fun. It's pretty much the breakfast club in a different location. The dance floor opens at 10 so we played "old schol" video games while we waited. Good drink specials. I wasn't expecting it to be busy after reading the other reviews...wrong..it was packed!!! Would go back...
3	It's a small venue but it is a cool place to hang out.The space has two levels, the downstairs has a bar and the dj, a couple of tables and chairs but its a good space for dancing and just hanging out. But be warned it can get a little warm...ok VERY warm once people start piling in.Upstairs they have huge televisions and cool decorations, lots of old school 90s themed memorabilia. There is a very long bar with pretty good drinks, they are not very big but if you get the right bartender, you will be alright.This place makes for a pretty entertaining evening with friends if you are in the area!
4	CIAA review onlyCame to Roxbury for a day party during CIAA weekend and really enjoyed myself.  These are the same people who use to own The Breakfast Club (may it rest in peace).  The owners have moved to new establishment and a new decade, the Breakfast Club was 80s and the Roxbury celebrates the 90s.  With that said the Roxbury is just as fun as the Breakfast Club use to be.The inside is nice, it is a two story building, and in my opinion the basement is the place to be, there is more space to move and it is where the DJ is set up so the  better place for dancing.  The upstairs has a giant bar and the bathrooms but can get tight.  They also have an old school room with arcade games that seemed cool even though I didn't get a chance to sample any of them.Continued loop of 90's movies play on the TV screens throughout the place including Friday and House Party so that is a nice treat to go along with the music and the dancing.Drink list was good a reasonable priced, bartenders go heavy on the alcohol, while I was there a girl came to the bar and asked for more cranberry in her drink, first time in my life I've ever heard somebody complain about too much alcohol in a drink.The music was good, nice mix of current and old school hip hop, r and b and reggae, definitely kept people dancing and the party moving.I would definitely recommend this place to go out and have a good time in downtown Charlotte. While I'll miss The Breakfast Club, the Roxbury is picking up where TBC left off.
2	In from out of town, I was looking for a good place to go dancing. I was less then impressed.  While the venue itself was rather impressive, the scene and the music left me rather... well... bored. I had read that it was an 80's / 90's night. Instead all I heard was 90's and cheesy 90's at that. I danced one song because it was the only one I knew and just really wanted to dance to SOMETHING. Go for the amusement but leave before you die of boredom.
3	I so wanted to like this place, and I think it has potential.  But maybe get a new DJ that understands its a dance club and you should play dance music.  So many songs I had to just kind of stop and look at my friends and be like huh??  If it was just a chill bar that played 80/90s then yes some of those odd choices would be fine but so many of them did not get the small crowd on the dance floor.I like the space, the main floor is very nice and the outdoor patio area is great.  But why would you only put 2 bathrooms in when your club is that big??  It really blows my mind because had it been more crowded I would have been pissed waiting around to get into a bathroom all night!Cover is cheap and they had drink specials on a Friday night so that was nice.  Overall, I think it could be a lot better.  Maybe next time going with a bigger group would make it more fun.  If not, people watching the couples dry humping in the dance floor area would be sure to entertain again!!
3	Remember how much fun it was to get a big group of people together and go to The Breakfast Club? Meet TBC's older sister.Roxbury is TBC (same owners), but in a much better location... with a decade added to it.... and minus a murder/police scene in the middle of the dance floor. Fun music. The place plays great 80s and 90s videos. It's like listening to a mixed tape. You know, the kind you made while listening to request radio shows at night. Hoping to hear your shoutout. A whole bunch of old school memoribilia covers every inch of the place. Make sure you take the time to look at it all. A lot of fun throwbacks to your childhood and teenage days.The patio is tremendous. There's also a fun room with retro video games. I like this place, but I really have to be in the mood to go here. I think it's the most fun when you're with a group. I wish these guys the best of luck. This spot is one of those cursed locations in Charlotte that's seen a lot of different business come and go.
4	I used to go to Breakfast Club once in a while for late night dancing and Jody used to have break dancing competitions on Sunday nights before Monday holidays. Well, Breakfast Club is no more but Jody did not throw in the towel. No! He opened Roxbury which is still another fun place that is unlike others in Charlotte.I like the layout; multiple levels, numerous bars, outside patio which is pretty cool.The staff seems pretty cool as well plus there are some high top tables scattered about which is nice when you just want to stop dancing for a bit but dont want to get away from the dance floor action.
3	It's fun but not as fun nor as spacious as its previous life as The Breakfast Club a few blocks away.  The layout is a little odd with the dance floor being in the basement.  It got pretty crowded when we were there because of the ACN convention.  It's hard to believe that the 90s started almost 25 years ago.Of course a lot of the music brings back memories and they really play the stuff that's good for dancing to.  The specialty drinks are the same as they were at TBC.  We had a lot of fun here as it's a place almost anyone can go to and have fun unlike some of the more pigeonholed clubs in town.
5	The Roxbury is the best place to dance and have a great time with your friends. We had the best GNO/Birthday/Anniversary party EVER. Everything was great from the location, door reception and hostess to the DJ and bartenders!!!!!
4	This place already had me by the nutsack because I'm partial to anything having to do with 80s nostalgia.  Even if you're not a fan of such it's worth checking out at least once if you're exploring CLT nightlife to see if it's your cup of tea.  They have some low-end $2 beer specials to help offset the more expensive specialty drinks.  Saturday night downstairs is really hopping.  Bartenders down there really work their butts off too.  Expect them to faze out the 80s music for trendier 90s dance as the night goes on (much to my chagrin).  But last but not least they have some photos of old NWA/WCW Wrestlers and who knows maybe even one of them will stop in once in a while.  Hard for me not to geek out at that.
1	Very few 80 music songs and when we went up to dance the security guard took our drinks. He did not offer to replace them..
4	I have to give this place a good rating even though it was "not my scene."I came here to visit family and we decided to go out. This place usually does 80s and 90s but it happened to be disco night so although I was familiar with some of the sounds, I was 20 years too young. However, it was still fun!The scenery was great. All of the throwback toys they have in glass was a great reminder of my childhood. Additionally, THE ARCADE ROOM! This was such a great room. I was able to play PacMan, Digger, Tetris, etc. About 18 different games I would play with this toggle stick like in the old days.The drinks were priced pretty okay, a cup for $8.00. Im used to city prices so I was okay but locals say that this is overpriced.
