1	if i did not have to go here for insurance i would not ! they are close that's it !! i get that they want you to sign in sit down shut up and stay that way till called !!! but to yell at people who have a question , that is wrong !!! older people kept coming in ,  forgot the sign,sit,shutup!! asked a question and got yelled at , u are there to help not make people feel like crap !!!!
5	I had to get blood drawn and this one of few places open on a Saturday. My experience was great, nice office, very friendly staff, and super quick. I was in an out in less than twenty minutes, without any appointment. Who knows what the wait would be like on another day, but even if I would have had to wait a bit I still would have had a good experience.
5	Super Fast, about a 15 minute wait for a walk in. Great tech, pain free blood work.
5	I had to get some pre-surgery labwork done, I originally went to the location off of Siena Heights after work only to discover I just missed it by a few minutes as that location closes at 4p, so someone in the building mentioned this location across the street on Eastern, so I rushed over and it was soooooooooooooooo quick! I was in and out in less than ten minutes! I will definitely opt to go to this location for any future labs!
2	This location is crowded, seats are too close together, and desk staff are not paricularly helpful or friendly. The phlebotomists are nice, though. Go across the street to Southwest Medical if you have a problem with waiting an hour or more and don't like sitting on a strangers lap.
4	I like this location. I rarely have to wait very long even though I usually don't make an appointment. People with appointments are taken first, but that is to be expected. The technicians are quick and good at what they do. I hate having blood drawn. I mean who likes it? But they are very patient with me and get me in and out quickly.If they people in the front were nicer or more friendly I'd probably give them all 5 stars.
3	Even trying to make an appointment at almost any of the locations never seemed to work with my schedule. ..so I did a walk in at this location while in the area for work. It felt crowded and people kept coming in with appointments, pushing me back in line but it wasn't all that long of a wait. The clinic is small and seems unkept, but the workers I encountered were all nice and did their jobs well. I used the bathroom while I was there...it was in need of a cleaning.
1	Not only is this location dirty, they lost my appointment and made me wait an hour and just when my name was called they found my appointment so I basically waited for nothing. I then received a call the next day from my Dr's office telling me the blood drawn was contaminated due to the vial being left out overnight. Are you serious!? DON'T GO HERE.
3	My only issue was, Quest moved  across the street in the Dell Webb Medical Building. I had issues locating the offices.
3	Labs usually require a long wait unless you make an appointment in advance which I never remember to do.
