2	i'm a former resident, i lived at this property for 3 years. for the first 2 years, i lived in an upstairs unit, facing west. i liked the unit and the price 940 sq ft for about $800 with pet rent, water/sewer and taxes. not too bad.however, this unit had zero insulation. the temperature in the living room could be anywhere from 5 to 15 degrees different than the master bedroom. the doors didn't line up right with the door jambs and the windows are single pane.  talk about a giant electric bill!the year i lived downstairs was a nightmare from start to finish. i LOVED my unit, 2 bed, 2 bath 960 sq ft for about $800 all said and done. however, the first month a washer line broke and flooded my apartment. i asked maintenance when the last time they were replaced was and the man replied, "we don't keep track of minor things like that". uh, ok. i have a $6000 dry cleaning bill that says this is not minor! thankfully i had renter's insurance and that was covered. i did get a brand new washer and dryer for my unit, though.the downstairs units are horrid for one major reason. if anyone above you is more than 75 pounds, you're going to hear every step they take. i mean EVERY step. you may be so lucky as to hear their morning "business" and them taking a shower. oh and my favorite, i could hear the chairs/bed creaking every time they sat/laid down or got up.  i could be laying in my bed and watch my ceiling DIP and the ceiling fan MOVE (when it was not on) when these tenants walked/stomped across their floor.upon moving out, i was charged $250 for carpet replacement due to "heavy pet staining". i was livid. i called the manager and told her that the only stains on that carpet were from 2 soda spills and one spaghetti mishap. the contracted carpet company will probably try to replace every time a tenant moves out. bad business!most of the office staff is...ok. the one saving grace this property has is the manager, Erica. she is very, very nice and helpful. she helped me work out the erroneous charge for the carpet and i did get my entire (giant) security deposit back.if you're planning on moving here, get an east facing upstairs unit, because you'll hate life and your electric bill otherwise.
2	A friend of mine lives here, and I have been over alot in the last few weeks. During the day, the leasing staff gives me dirty looks as if I am lowering the value of renting there. However my friends apartment is nice and he never seems to have issues getting things fixed if need be.One major flaw- I feel like I know the upstairs neighbors cause I can hear every step they make, what they are watching on tv and sometimes even their phone calls
1	I am a former resident who lived at the apartment complex for nearly 3 years.  I had a great experience up until the new property manager, Josh took over the complex.  Not only did my apartment door get kicked down and my apartment get complete robbed under his watch.  But, he never once followed-up with me to make sure I was okay.  Upon my giving notification that I was breaking my lease with them because I felt my safety was an issue, Josh then told me that what happened wasn't his fault and that he would be charging me 1.5 times my rent.  I told him good luck collecting that from me, and that I would only pay the money owed for any days I occupy the apartment.  I was then sent a statement of deposit upon which I was told that the $375 of nonrefundable deposits I payed when I moved in were strictly "apartment prepping" and "administrative" fees and aren't deducted from the cleaning/painting fees used to prep the apartment for the next renter.  I told them that contradicts what they just told me because they said that the money was used to prep the apartment.  Anyways, I am stuck with an additional $600 to pay them because they turned what was a really enjoyable living situation into a complete nightmare.  I wouldn't recommend living in this place.  There are much nicer complexes and neighborhoods to live in, and you won't have to deal with an unethical staff who lacks any sort of customer service skills.
1	I would not recommend this place to anyone. And if you live on the first floor, good luck!Where to start? Dog area is full of dog poo, can't even walk around in it without gagging on the smell. The condition of the actual units are atrocious, we get about 10 minutes of hot water every morning. Leaking fridge, clogged toilets, etc.. Our room heats up to about 85 degrees with our AC on cool and fan, set at 70 degrees. Since we first moved in we had the cops called on us 4 times, all by our downstairs neighbor. The cops were called twice at 12 in the afternoon because my girlfriend was watching TV on her laptop on her bed! The neighbors excuse was they could hear us laugh, wash our clothes, talk, cook, etc... Each time the cops left without even caring. We constantly were harassed by our neighbors getting text messages saying our TV was to loud, or asking us to be quieter at noon because he was trying to sleep. The front office, specifically Josh each time told us he would handle it. Each time he lied to us as the cops would always get called on us again and again. He pretty much told us to suck it up because our bottom neighbors were moving out in a few months so all would be okay soon. The guy just wanted to collect two rent checks instead of having to do his job.When we asked about moving apartments (different property, same company) due to the harassment, Josh told us we would have to pay about 1,500 dollars in fee's to cover our lease. After some research we found out that we had to pay for was our pet/carpet fee's and everything else transferred. Another lie.We get about one letter a month saying to be careful and lock your stuff up because of robberies. And watch out for half naked kids running at will in the parking lot. This place would be bearable if they had some body competent running the office and knocked some price off rent! We will not be resigning a lease here and god bless anyone brave enough to do so in the future!
4	There have been a few incidents regarding break-ins in the neighborhood, two to be exact, since my move in date last August. I was only slightly deterred by the bait car warning sign posted at the main entrance to the complex. Maybe that is just a clever deterrence for would be car thieves and I do not know anything about the break-ins except that they truly occurred, so that is all I will say.Despite these negative aspects, I adore my apartment. It is poorly insulated and is very difficult to cool in the summer, especially since it is a west facing apartment, but it is an entirely different world than the one that I was in previously in Tempe. I have a patio, I am in control of my own thermostat, the office personnel know me on a first name basis and have been very kind to me since move in. I have a dishwasher and a washer and dryer. This may sound like a basic standards list of apartment must haves but this place feels more like home than any other place I have lived since moving out to AZ. Their rates change EVERY SINGLE DAY, so be sure to check their website for at least a month everyday to lock in the best deal. I saved forty dollars by playing rent roulette with them and obviously won!  The place that I lived in before was unbearable and called for another review..please see me review for College Town Apartments before you move there!
2	From the start this place was a little shady; huge roach problem throughout, old units that had not been properly cleaned, and faulty utilities. They are pretty great at getting in and fixing small maintenance issues and returning calls but that has been quickly overshadowed! I would not recommend asking any questions, like another review said they are not very clear or knowledgeable. the response i got was literally laughter about the situation and even getting hung up on. Mind you I wasn't being much of a handful until this point. Coming from the hospitality industry where i work closely with high maintenance and very educated people, my thought on this management  is very rude and snappy. Ryan however has been just fine.School yard bully/will not return here...only been here 2 months!Otherwise great location!
3	Ok, so my last review was not so much in depth as it was just me bitching about their rude customer service. So here's a more updated review:I first signed my lease and everyone was really nice. It was very last minute so the apartment was not ready as quickly as i liked it because another neighbor was having some roach issues that were spreading through out this building. After three "deep cleanings" that they did, I was not too happy with the outcome. On my first walk through I found 4 baby dead roaches, a huge spider web in the corner of the tall living room ceiling, a bunch of weird yellow substance that had looked like it was dripping from the air vents and all over the walls in the washer/dryer closet, I had a corner of a wall missing a chunk of drywall, cracked and missing grout in the fireplace tile, the most nasty dryer filter that hadn't been replaced, the counters had this gross film layer on them, and in the master bedroom closet there was a gross used pair of underwear just chilling on the shelf. Ew.However, as the leasing agent walked through, he did take note of most of these things. He was able to replace my dirty dryer filter, fix the chunk of drywall missing, and apologized for the dirty underwear because really, what else can you do about that?As of May, this complex is no longer ran by Equity Residential and is now under a company called Pinnacle. So, I'm going to give them a chance and see how they can take care of things. So far since December 2012 I've had to call in on many maintenance issues because I personally did not know how to fix them. So I've had to call in on my kitchen disposal not turning on a few times, the washer spun off track, new stove coil because mine broke somehow, a counter that wasn't glued down so I was able to lift it up, basic towel bar tightening because I didn't have a screwdriver that small (sad, I know), the toilet was leaking in my master bedroom, and the biggest one so far is that my air was broken.  My air being broken was a big deal for me. It was the first week of June and 100+ outside so it was about 90 in my apartment. The first two times I called, one of the guys fixed it to blow out cool air and mentioned something about the coils freezing. The third time it wasn't blowing cool air another guy said the compressor was broken. It was Friday and my part wouldn't come until Monday so he fixed it temporarily and provided me with instructions on what to do in case it happens over the weekend. A few hours later it stopped so I called and asked if I could be compensated for rent because I couldn't even stay in my apartment and everything was getting hot and melting (like makeup, candles, etc.). They called me back and said I would have a brand new A/C unit put on by 6pm that day. I appreciate the quick customer service that was provided that day, but I wish that could have happened day one instead of prolonging it a week. I was not compensated for rent and I'm not totally sure if I got a whole new AC unit... I think they were able to get the part that was needed. However, because my air was working so hard for so long trying to blow cool air, it shot my SRP bill from the normal $80ish to $180! My roommate sent them an email asking if we could work something about because it's not our fault our bill is that high because their AC unit wasn't working properly. They said they will call SRP and look into it for us and see what they can do, but I still haven't heard anything back yet.Pinnacle seems to provide a much better customer service then the Equity Residential did. The new employees and manager are prompt to get your issues fixed. However, they're a lot more strict. I received a first warning letter about having lights around my patio. I guess they're trying to make the place more uniform and nice which is understandable. I know they're remodeling some apartments now and looking to make the place nicer. I've heard that they're re-doing the pool areas and such so only time will tell! I gave Equity Residential a 2 star rating because I was so unhappy and frustrated with the situations I had encountered. I'm going to give Pinnacle 3 stars for an A-OK place to live.
