4	The Knight Theater is a beautiful new theater Uptown. It's surrounded by the new Bechtler Museum of Modern Art, the up and coming Mint Museum Experience Art, Duke Energy Building, and the Afro-American Cultural Center.Park in The Green's parking garage ($5 on Saturday or Sunday) or at the Duke Energy Building. However, there isn't a coffee shop to go hang out at as you wait for the crowd to get in their cars and take off. Beautiful facility! The downfall is when you arrive. They didn't seem to plan enough space (like the Belk Theater) for you to mingle in the lobby area. It's crowded. They need to build a place outside for the box office so that once you are inside you can easily get to your next destination. Until they get the box office ironed out, I suggest that you print your own tickets or have them mailed to you. There were many people that were stuck waiting in line for their "will call" tickets and were not allowed into the performance until the intermission.I couldn't get cell service once I was inside. I'm not sure if that is only for AT&T customers or if they have something that jams the signal. Hopefully all phones didn't get service so that way performances can be distraction free. I'm looking forward to returning to many great performances here!
4	Great auditorium!!!
4	Very nice newer theater that has some of the charm of an old theater.  I've been to the old Pantages Theatre in Toronto and the Knight Theater reminds me of that one.  It has about 1600 seats, but is designed so that everyone in the house has a good view.  I've sat in the balcony and the lower level, and both were good.  The lower level is separated around row O so that there are less human traffic jams to get to your seats.  The second half is elevated a bit more so you can see the stage.  The acoustics are very good.  It's uptown, so contrary to popular belief, parking is free most of the time (and especially on weekends when the Panthers aren't playing),  The Stonewall light rail station is only about 2 blocks away too.  Of course, you have to act like a tourist and get your photo taken with the famous Firebird sculpture out front too!
4	I really enjoy seeing shows at the Knight.  The theater itself is beautiful, with good acoustics.  Some seats are better than others, of course, but I don't think there's a truly bad seat in the house.  The only downside to the facility is that the lobby can get a little cramped: it's shaped like an "L," and people tend to stay on one side without expanding around the corner. If they did, it wouldn't be as difficult to navigate.Parking is cheap!  We only paid $5 the last time we saw a show.  The light rail is easily accessible as well.
4	I went to see 'Avenue Q' (LOVE this!!!) & fell in love with Knight Theatre.It's spacious, there's not a bad seat "in the house". And, how cool is it they have a bar there, too?! Staff is friendly & not snooty.Parking is conveniently located at 'The Green' across the street & it's inexpensive.
5	Favorite place to see a show in Charlotte. (Theater, dance, music!)Elevators are a nightmare to get to the parking deck under the Duke Energy building.  I usually grab a drink at Belfast Mill or Hooligans instead of dealing with parking deck traffic.  Both are located at Church and 3rd, in Brevard Court.
4	I am giving Knight four stars because of its location and the shows that I am able to see in the theater.  The shows range from jazz to musicals to to performances such as STREB Forces!  Parking in the Duke Energy building has always been $5 and I am certainly thankful for that economical solution!  Just exert patience upon leaving the theater as you make your way into the parking deck.
5	What a great night of arts you will have with a performance painted on a canvas stage using live color as the performers serve as the brush strokes. We have Blumenthal season tickets now - it was such an amazing night on the town. Wonderful scenery all around you. You have a Disco Chicken out front, the Mint and other museums around you, the Green across the street for a stroll, while the Duke Energy Center tower (aka Voltron) looms overhead. I'm so thankful for Duke spending the money ($10million this year) on the arts. Parking can be kind of a chore - but you're in Uptown after all. You honestly didn't expect it to be easier did you? If so, you shoulda rented a limo or a cab. Anyways.. moving on..The people are incredibly helpful - the arts are living and breathing to them and rightly so. Grab some dinner, come watch a performance and then enjoy our beautiful city. Tonight it  was STREB. What a great performance. I've posted some pictures on my Twitter feed (@MecklenGuy) for your pleasure. YES - STREB specifically asked to share them with the world or else I wouldn't have taken pictures inside the theater.Enjoy!
4	Knight Theater is relatively new and has a nice and comfortable feel to it.  The build of the theater is centered around a typical proscenium stage with an ample sized deck.  I think the layout seemed to be geared more toward dance than acoustics.  What do I mean by that?  My wife and I attended the symphony to see Carmina Barana last night.  We were seated in the cheap seats of the balcony.  After some careful observing of the structure, I though, "hey, we may actually have some of the best seats in the house!"  Less than five minutes later, a group enters our row.  One of the gentlemen was the husband of one of the performing singers.  While in discussion, he mentioned that his wife explained to him, how the sound was going to be better in the balcony since it would rise and carry to us.  This is why you may see theaters with a shell sometimes.  Gotta get the good sounds to the big spenders...lol.The sound was remarkable from where we sat.  The symphony was one of the best shows I've attended.  Prior to the show, appetizers and libations were offered in the lobby.  If you're a "spirits" kind of person, things were acceptable.  If you are a wine or beer drinker, they miss the mark on offerings, but hey, that's why you went out to dinner beforehand...right?
4	One of uptown Charlotte's newest venues, the Knight is a bright spot for the performing arts.  Seating almost 1,200 across three levels, the theater is spacious but has created a very intimate feeling between performer(s) and audience.  Having sat at all three levels, I can say there are pluses to each one and there is not an *awful* seat in the house.  In fact, due to the angle of the tiers and their rise between levels, you will literally feel very close to the performance at all times.  Acoustics and sound technology are all top notch and greatly enhance the performances I have seen so far.The lobby spaces and VIP lounge are also well thought out and usually host a number of stations for libations and refreshments.  As a bonus, some performances even allow you to take your beverage into the show with you- something unheard of until more recent times.  As with other Blumenthal performing spaces, there are ushers aplenty to make sure you find your best doorway and correct seats.  One warning: if you are late you will likely wait till a natural break in the performance to get to your seats.  The space feels very modern and welcoming throughout, and adds a touch of class to every performance.  Whether seeing the symphony or a modern folk duo, an evening at the Knight is always a classy event.  Being connected to the Bechtler museum and just across from the new Mint museum makes this space a great place to connect with the arts.
4	Conveniently located uptown, this smaller venue is a great place to catch a show.  The seats feel intimate and close to the stage (even toward the back), but not overly crowded.  The chairs are not painfully uncomfortable, nor too terribly cramped.  The look of the place is classy without being overly snobbish to people dressed more casually for a show.  They offer an interesting array of performances, from comedy shows to ballet and theater.  My only real complaint is the high cost of tickets to performances here, but they do offer some more affordable ways to catch a show.  For many of the shows, they offer discounted tickets to students if you call and speak with the box office.  They have contests frequently to give away tickets (which is how I went to the last show).  They also offer different special offers, mostly geared toward families and groups, but it's worthwhile to check out.
4	Huge fan already!  My bride and I accompanied family to see Straight No Chaser a week ago and were thrilled with the venue.  We love live music and Charlotte is proving to be a great place for relevant artists.  We were lucky to get excellent seats for the show and love the set up of the venue.  It was extremely clean, staff was kind and helpful, and we were able to get in and out with ease.I look forward to seeing future shows!  *A tip, it's only a couple blocks from the Blue line train so extremely convenient!
5	Alton Brown! My wife and I are big fans of his Good Eats show and when he came to town with a show as part of the North Carolina Science Festival, we absolutely got tickets. And we splurged and got the best ones that were available - third row center. And we also upgraded to the "meet and greet" which included photos and autographs. Awesome.Oh, yeah. The Knight Theater. Large enough that it's a big crowd, but small enough that it's an intimate setting. Excellent acoustics - I know that the folks up in the balcony could hear him just fine because there was a good amount of Q&A at the end.The lobby and the other non-theater parts of the facility are very nicely appointed and quite comfortable. Maybe some more seating would be nice for those of us that like to arrive after the outer doors open but before the inner doors open. Slowest elevator in the world.I'd really recommend the Knight. Very nice theater, very comfortable. Excellent!
4	The wife & I caught a show here last weekend. I was impressed with the theater. It is beautiful inside! The seats are comfortable, the staff friendly & it's easily accessible. The lobby is a little tight but they did have 2 bars set up for your drinking pleasure (no local alcohol, boo!). The show we saw didn't have an intermission so after the show the staff was handing out peanut butter crackers to all the patrons. Nice touch except everyone on the elevator had peanut butter breath! Looking forward to going back.
4	Though not always mentioned amongst the other theaters (see the Belk theater, for instance), perhaps because it's down at the other end of Tryon, the Knight is quite impressive indeed. With some nice-looking wood (or faux-wood, but it looks like wood from below) interior, it's modern and homey at the same time.Also, acoustics work well and there isn't a bad seat in the house - it helps when you're on the small side, which is one of the bad things about the Belk, since it's just so large. Not large like a stadium, but it can be too big for some shows. The Knight gets it just right to make everyone feel like they're on the inside.Plus, you get in the artsy district of the museums, and there are some quite decent restaurants just outside. The only area that could use a touch of work would be the lobby. It's not bad, exactly, it just doesn't match up with the interior.
4	Went here last night for Cinderella.  Well, in the spirit of keeping things positive...Knight Theater was a really good venue - the show...well, I really enjoyed the theater.Spacious seats and this appears to be a very new auditorium.  I've been in CLT for a little under a year and besides TWC and Amos's I haven't been to any other concert type venues.  Shame on me.  Well Knight Theater was lovely and if all the auditoriums in Charlotte are like this I'll be a happy camper here. I'm knocking off a star b/c of the insane rules.  I mean we stood in a long ass line during intermission for snacks and drinks.  Finally got our much needed  snacks and were making it back to our seats when one of the ushers stopped us to tell us that our beverages were fine, but we couldn't take our candy back into the theater.  What kinda messed up sense does that make?  Seriously now?  Either allow it all back in the auditorium or don't sell it.  Jeez. I mean say I spill an M&M on the floor....that's worse than say a WHOLE CUP OF SODA/WINE/BEER?  Whatevs.
5	Great venue with lots of great seating options.I recently saw a ballet here and I was very impressed with the venue. I love the first row center on the grand tier balcony or the orchestra center, but the box seats on the grand tier are good too.If you are going to a show here, check out the list of restaurants that have special menus for those who are going to see a show:http://www.blumenthalarts.org/visiting/dining-partnersThere are enough bars to serve everyone before and during intermission. Great location too right in the heart of Uptown - so there are lots of options for dinner before or after the show.Check out upcoming shows here: https://tickets-center.com/ResultsVenue.aspx?vname=Knight+Theatre&venid=12328
5	I appreciate the small-quaint environment of Knight Theater in uptown Charlotte. We've seen everything from BB-King to various musicals here and it's always a delight. It's nicely maintained and has a classic feel. If you notice, the archway/area above the stage has a pineapple - which in the south is the universal symbol for "Guests Welcome." We always feel welcomed here. While there are good and great seats, there are no 'bad' seats here. Overall, we continue to enjoy the services and shows at Knight Theater. Go for drinks beforehand at a nearby restaurant, do a show then visit Capital Grill, E2 or Ruth's nearby. There really is something for everyone (and I'll note, you can go dressy or even casual. Everyone is treated equally.)
4	We've seen 2 shows there in the last few months from different viewpoints and both have been great. For Wayne Brady we sat in the front row of the balcony. For Colin Mochrie and Brad Sherwood we actually got front row seats. I think the only downside here is marketing. It was luck that we happened upon these great shows. Then it was even better luck that we had grey seats to both. Great lineups and reasonable prices.
5	The Knight Theater is a wonderful venue surrounded by plenty of parking, restaurants, and bars. The theater layout is relatively small and very appropriate for smaller acts, singers, musicals, etc. Kudos to Charlotte for availing is this great theater.
2	A nice venue with overly zealous ushers running up and down the aisles every time someone discretely took a picture with their cellphone, no flashes, not disturbing a soul.   Train your ushers better.  Our concert experience was interrupted numerous times by ushers accosting people nearby who weren't bothering anyone.
5	Went to see Wynton Marsalis last night with the band from Jazz at Lincoln Center. The restrooms had been redone as have all the seating. It was modern and absolutely beautiful. Love the updates.
4	I've been to several events at the Knight Theater, ranging from comedy shows to a ballet & I've always had a positive experience. I attended Bachtoberfest at the Knight this past Friday, and even though we arrived late and had to sit in the nosebleed section, we were able to see and hear the show perfectly. The Knight Theater hits the sweet spot between being to big and too small!I had a blast at Bachtoberfest & highly recommend you attending this event next year. Charlotte is lucky to have such a talented symphony, and combining great classical music with local NC beer was quite the successful pairing!
4	We didn't get to visit this beautiful Knight Theater! There were just so many people waiting in line! Got to check it next time! It looks really pretty at night!
