3	Blueberry Hill 24 hour diner in Vegas is located near the Super 8 motel, which is probably where it gets most of its business from since it is quite a ways away from the Strip. (Although it is close to Nelles Air Force base, which I guess might be another source). When I entered this establishment, it was midnight and I was a bit pissed off at my body for being in constant pain (my intestines are in rebellion) and at Vegas for being a jip (my girlfriend and I made the mistake of walking from the very far North of the Strip on down to the Stratosphere for the over-priced view, which means crusty old drunk dudes, strip clubs, cockroaches on the streets, and shotgun wedding chapel fun). In any case, this place offers somewhat of a haven of normalcy, even if it still has slots and the like. The menu was extensive and the service decent. The vegetarian options were minimal, but of this I am not surprised in the least. The food arrived fast, ad the hash browns were good. Now why do I bring up the hash-browns first? Well that's because the rest of it was only so-so. Once again you show your true side Vegas: all show and no substance.Ah well..the place was still a relief from $30 steak and shrimp buffets and card scams on the street.
4	Overall, this place was awesome! The service was prompt, the food was very tasty, and the menu was super extensive, with tons of stuff for just about any craving. My wife had the banana pancakes, and I had the Guadalajara skillet. Between the other people at our table (8 total) we had the french toast, the spinach omelet, and the normal American breakfast. All of the dishes were hot, fresh and good. We will definitely go back next time we are in town!Bonus: all of the menu items are available 24hrs a day, I could definitely see myself coming back here at 2 in the am for some good grinds to help me forget about the money I lost gambling!
2	Saw Blueberry Hill on Diners Drive Ins and Dives and was kinda excited but once I found out they didn't have fresh blueberries I was pissed. I love giant locally growned blueberries, but their blueberries looked like they needed to be hooked up to an IV. This place was just too plain with all the life sucked out. I've had better breakfasts at Denny's.If you get anything get the half Biscuits and Gravy comes with eggs and 2 sausage links, cheap and it will fill you up. Like too many other breakfast joints they're waffles are too sweet and pancakes too heavy.
1	Wont be coming back to this location any time soon. Came here with the hubby and waited forever to get a soda & ice tea.We should have walked out..we saw the writing on the wall.Server didnt understand our order and we knew it was gonna be bad..but we still stayed! Ugh!They ran outta mashed potatoes..my hubs fav. So he got FF and they of course sucked. Seemed stale..looked stale.I had a mexi combo plate. It was ok..nothing great.But it took 50 minutes for a grilled cheese/FF and mexi plate and then she never brought bill. Hubs had to go up and get it to pay.Normally this place is ok..just ok. But not today.
4	Place is dirty the tables and floors but in this side of town this is what you will find. The Food was great the french toast was great. The hot cakes was great service was good. If your not a clean freak and your pressed for time and close by stop in and pig out
5	Decided to take the path less traveled and wound up at this joint.  (This is a good location if you're heading to the outlet mall!)  We were tired of all the upscale restaurants and overpriced grub on the strip.  Had the sampler which was $10 for 2 eggs, hash browns, 2 sausages, 2 bacon strips, 2 ham pieces and your choice of pancakes or french toast.  What a great deal!  Of course, how 'good' can you make the average eggs, bacon, sausage and ham?  They were average but the sausage was good!  I dont even like breakfast sausage and I ate these!  Had the french toast, WOW!  It was so tasty!!!!  My sister had ordered the cheese blintzes, and you could hear the clash from our forks fighting for the last pieces!  The decor is dated, but as long as it kept prices down it was all good on my end!  Service was excellent and my coffee cup was never empty!  Cannot wait to come back to sin city and have breakfast here again!
2	Would have given it one star but threw in an extra star cause the food was edible. I've been trying to support local restaurants more, instead of chains. Think I might go back to chains.  When I walked in here I was asked what I wanted to drink before I even sat down and was asked what I wanted to order before I'd even opened the menu. OK...so I finally get my food. I'm excited because it tastes pretty decent. As I'm getting into my 3rd bite of pancake, I smell lemon floor cleaner. Yep..the custodian thought it would be a good idea to mop the entire dining room area right in the middle of lunchtime. He even cleaned right under my table as i was eating...awesome! Lemon Cleaner, wet floor, and dirty mop does not mix with breakfast. Totally turned me off of finishing my meal. At this point I just decided to get the rest of my food to go and never return....ever.
1	so, im having kinda of a rough start to my 3 day weekend.  so I decided to go to blueberry hill, to get some potato pancakes and coffee.  first off, I know this place, so I brought my own coke, being that they are a pepsi establishment.  I order my potato pancakes as a meal with eggs and a protein.  I went with eggs, over hard and bacon.  when my food came, I got sausage and runny eggs, the waitress never came back to check on me so I could have it corrected.  I ate my potato pancakes and about 15 minutes later the waitress finally came back and asked me if I wanted a box to take my uneaten eggs and sausage home.  I said no, I didn't order runny eggs or sausage, I need my check.  paid my bill in full and left no tip.  if im going to pay 13 dollars for a meal, I expect to get what I wanted.  and if youre going to choose being a waitress as a career, maybe invest in a pen and a pad of paper, so you can get my order right.
5	Chilaquiles and Huevos Rancheros. Good!  Service was excellent; waitress kept mug and glass full. Much better choice than Denny's :). Five stars since perfect post-gambling, obviously popular with the locals and the food is reasonably priced & plentiful portions.
4	Blueberry Hill's a terrific "coffee shop" type restaurant in Las Vegas (several locations). It's exactly what you expect a coffee shop to be. On our latest visit before catching a flight out of Las Vegas,...the one at 1505 Flamingo, near the airport. I had the corned beef hash omelet with pancakes and my wife had Huevos Rancheros, she asked for the eggs "scrambled" and there were no issues with the substitution...just a "sure thing" response. Very nice. Always great service at Blueberry Hill.bThe corned beef hash omelet was terrific, and solved the issue of "hash browns or pancakes?" as the side. Their pancakes are wonderful (not a mix). The hot sauce with the huevos rancheros was "home-made" and terrific. She's a "hot sauce snob" and said it was among the best she's had. Been to Blueberry Hill many times...highly recommended.
