4	Apparently this is another Charlotte secret, and I'm glad I know about it now. Super quick and easy --not a sit-down place--Harper's is great if you're in a rush but don't want to settle for fast-food. It's kinda like a giant salad bar, except on top of salad stuff they have real food: ribs, fried chicken, pulled pork, mashed potatoes, collards, red rice and beans. That sort of thing. Comfort food, but done well and done quickly. You're in and you're out and ready to fall into a food coma. Great dessert options, too, so save some room to check those out. But honesty, just make a heaping plate of mashed potatoes and pulled pork, and you'll be a happy camper, trust me.
3	I was visiting Charlotte this weekend, staying with a friend who lives in the area. She was raving about Harpers, saying it's her "best kept secret, the place I take everyone!", which sounded great. We went for lunch and had a really nice meal; the one thing that was a disappointment was the service. SLOW is the only descriptor I need.The food, though, was excellent. We started off w/ house potato chips (my friend had never had these at any restaurant. That, I thought, was odd). The chips came with blue cheese and some blue cheese sauce, with scallions liberaly placed throughout. They were awesome, the perfect munchy to start off lunch. We both ordered salads for the main course; I got the Oriental chopped salad and my pal got the grilled chicken house salad. Both were typical salads, but the portions were huge. The dressing on mine was particularly yummy, and the Asian noodles were a nice crunch between the lettuce.The slow service moment happened during our checkout--we tried to get our bill for at least 20 minutes before we saw our server. Even when she split the check up, she split the meals wrong and I ended up paying for my friend's potato-cheddar soup (v. good, btw). Oh well. The restaurant overall was a nice experience, and I have never eaten at a Harpers. Being from ATL, it reminded me of a chain we have, Houstons. If you're in the neighborhood, def. check out Harpers!
