1	First impression: Had called on 2 occasions and left messages to schedule appointment with no call back. Also, I was notified via living social that my deal was redeemed (and I clearly hadn't used it) so I called to resolve that with no response. The day of appointment I thought I was going to be 15 min late and left a message (30 mins prior to my appointment time). I got there 5 min late and wandered around for 10 min looking for the place, because it's in a salon mall which is not easy to find. The door was closed, lights were off, with a sign in the window to sit down and wait.. so I waited 30 min and called to leave message and no return, waited some more...i just got stood up. Honestly I don't think they were ever there for my appointment, they just heard I was running late and decided not to work.A phone call would have been nice. I would have paid extra to get my services or taken a less time consuming service or whatever, (didn't they allocate 90 min for my services anyway?) but I think it's lazy and bad work ethic to ignore a client who has the courtesy of giving you a heads up. Let's face it, how many hours do we spend waiting on spa/salon service professionals because they run behind, I think it goes both ways, and it's actually an industry accepted standard.I chalk it up to bad business, a lack of professionalism, and terrible customer service.  I would leave zero stars if possible. Some of these "businesses" that run deals through living social or groupon think it's a business model to sell a bunch and provide as little as possible...I guess they don't count on repeat business.
1	I had an appointment for Nov. 9 at 9am. I emailed the lady to confirm the night before and she replied that it was confirmed. I got a babysitter to watch my baby, showed up at the place 10 minutes early (it was very hard to find) and no sign of the lady. Door was closed, lights were off. I waited 25 minutes - no show. I called, I texted, I emailed. Nothing. It's now 3 days later - still nothing. I'll be calling Amazon for a refund on my voucher. That's a really crappy way to do business. Thanks for nothing!
1	It is obvious this person had her friend write reviews.  It is also obvious that Nicole had to rest up a whole new name and business because the service was so poor from the last one she attempted to run.  FYI check out Healthy Skin Boutique in Yelp.  Same person so you can expect the same poor performance.I speak from experience - months of trying to get service on something that was already paid for.  BUYER be WARNED - if you purchase something through Living Social or Amazon Social you will have lost your money and/or your sanity dealing with this unprofessional business owner.  DO  NOT waist your time and DO NOT loose your money.  The person is very experienced in delaying your appointment until after the refund time expires.During the months, YES MONTHS I tried to make appointment to only have them postponed with unfulfilled promises of callbacks and reschedules.  Yes I was given a lot of excuses that at first I believed, like I said, Nicole is very experienced with many sad stories about why and how she can accept your money but can not perform the service for month and month and can not return calls when promised.  If I was the only person that had a poor experience with this business and this person I would just forget about the $120 I was scammed out of but when I called Living Social the customer serve person expressed the idea there were a lot of complaints.  Also - tracking the business movements shows multiple failed and closed websites, business names, etc.  Take my advice - RUN FAR RUN FAST from Nicole.
1	I have been trying to schedule an appointment with Healthy Skin Boutique for months and have not received a call back.  I agree that this seems to be a scam and I have requested a refund from Living Social.
