5	If I could award 10 stars I would.  Companies like Thunderbird Pools make me realize service like this extremely rare.  To say this is as "good as it gets" is truly an understatement.  Before signing with Thunderbird, my husband and I spoke with Dolphin, Shasta, Presidential and Paddock.  Within 15 minutes of meeting Cohl (the owner) we were sold - I work in new construction sales so I know when someone's phoning it in, but Cohl was so honest, knowledgeable and thorough that I knew immediately Thunderbird was the right choice.  He came by the house, took measurements, and actually designed a 3D mockup on the spot, incorporating features we hadn't even considered.  I know most pool builders use similar software these days but other companies took up to a week to get back to us and their designs looked boring and outdated compared to what Cohl came up with.  He listened to our concerns, wants and needs and ultimately designed a beautiful pool that went above and beyond our wishes while still meeting our budget.  I think the thing I appreciated the most was Cohl's willingness to let us know if he thought some of our choices would present problems rather than just let us decide without input and possibly wind up unhappy....for instance, we initially had our hearts set on a certain PebbleSheen color but Cohl mentioned that he thought it may be too dark for our tastes....after looking over samples and extensive online research we realized he was right.  Ultimately, we wound up selecting a custom color Cohl designed with the PebbleSheen people because he wasn't 100% satisfied with their standard options - and it looks AMAZING.Also telling:  Our next door neighbors are in the process of planning a pool and have an incredibly detailed and fantastic architect's design; they met with other companies and apparently Thunderbird was the only company who pointed out possible (and serious) structural issues - now THAT'S service. The level of attention was incredible; the time quote was spot on (we were swimming exactly 33 days after the first dig day), we received weekly updates, up-front and completely honest feedback, and any questions were answered within minutes.  We felt incredibly comfortable throughout the entire process and will recommend Thunderbird Pools to anyone without hesitation.  They've been around for a long time and truly care about their customers.  Our pool is everything we wanted and more, and looks even better than we imagined.  Cohl and Lisa made an intimidating process easy, fun and budget-friendly - who could ask for more?  Thank you both!  :)
5	Thunderbird pools is the best pool service in the Valley!!! They provide EXCELLENT  customer service!!!
5	We recently had our pool redone by Thunderbird Pools and Spas.  It turned out absolutely beautiful, but the most impressive part was what a great company they were to work with.  I can honestly say that this was the best contruction company that I have ever dealt with.  They would always call us to let us know what  the next step in the process would be and when the workers would be there.  They always showed up when they said they would, which I have found is rare with contractors! The owner was very helpful in helping us decide what would be the best design, materials, etc. We made some additions along the way and they accommodated us with everything we asked for.The end result was beyond our expectations and the quality of workmanship was excellent.  It was well worth the $$.Thank you Thunderbird Pools and Spas and I will definitely recommend you to friends and family.
5	With 25 yrs. exp. James came out to teach me how to operate the new pool and spa system, and to show me what was what and where was where. I also told him that for some reason the heater was not working. After trouble shooting several things himself, and not finding the issue, he made  a couple of calls to customer service and another in-field tech, he was abe to get the heater working properly. James was great to work with, was very knowledgable, took his time to make sure everything was right the first time and offerred a lot of valuable information, feedback and input on the entire operation. Too bad I couldn't rate the service and company 10 stars. I highly recommend them.Thank you so much!!
5	There are not enough accolades to describe how fabulous Thunderbird Pools are in dealing with attention to detail, their customer service, timeliness and quality of construction.  They are a family business with the husband and wife team (Cohl is out on the site and Lisa does the phones and scheduling).  We had been through so many frustrating meetings with all of the "big pool builders" before we sat down with Cohl.  Within 10 minutes of talking to Cohl, we knew we were going to go with him.  He knows his business and is honest enough to share his opinion of things he thinks won't work and why.  He brings a lot of great ideas to the table.  The finished product was so much more than we had envisioned and us extremely excited to get this pool built so we could see it!I can honestly say that this is the best construction company that I have ever dealt with.  Cohl is a perfectionist and checks up on everything at every step of the way and doesn't hesitate to get things corrected (even minor little things, he notices and fixes - no shortcuts!).  Lisa emails with the schedule for the next few days or week so we know exactly what to expect and when - and they stick to it!!!  Once, we had a forecast for rain and they instantly emailed and said "if it rains, we won't be able to proceed until Thursday."  I constantly joked with Lisa and asked if they would do the renovations inside my house as I certainly can't get contractors to show up on time and to knock out the work the way that they do.  I would HIGHLY recommend Thunderbird Pools as you will know that your pool build/renovations will be executed flawlessly and you will be extremely happy with the end product.
5	Short version: If you have anyone but Cohl build your pool, you are crazy.Long version: We talked with a number of smaller builders and the two big guys. We went way down the road with The Biggest Guys and were actually close to signing up when they threw us yet another curve and then we had had enough. We feel like we dodged a major bullet after meeting Cohl, who we found on Yelp. It took many weeks to get a design done with The Biggest Guys and they demanded meetings and did not like using email. Cohl had 95% of our pool design done on his computer during our FIRST meeting at our house and he incorporated a number of GREAT design ideas that we had not thought of. Pricing was very competitive and included all the state of the art, very cool options without us having to negotiate for them, which was a good thing because I was not even aware of a lot of these goodies, even after talking to all the other builders. We discovered there were a lot of preferred design specs and options that were never discussed with us by the other guys and Cohl had them all included in his base price. WOW! It would have been easy to take advantage of us but Cohl was looking out for us from the start. Dealing directly with the builder and taking the salesman out of the loop makes a BIG difference. The entire build process was smooth and the communication from them was unbelievably good. We always knew what was happening next and all the subs actually showed up exactly when we were told they would. Unlike every other contractor we seem to deal with these days, they showed up, did quality work and did everything they said they would do. There were a couple times when Cohl made the subs redo minor issues when he did not think it was up to his standards. No one complained. They just made everything perfect. If you do your homework and really check out the other builders, you will appreciate what Cohl does even more. Don't buy into the Biggest Guy's warranty BS. Go talk to some people with their pools and you will discover why it does not mean that much. Cohl and this family business offer stellar customer service, straight talk and no BS and deliver exactly what they promise. I am VERY picky and notice everything. I can honestly say my pool is as close to perfect as you can get and the entire experience from start to finish was problem free. I have been in the real estate business for 35 years. These guys are as good as it gets. I wish all the other contractors I do business with were like Cohl.
5	We attempted to get quotes from Paddock and Shasta pools. No response. We did get quotes from Thunderbird, Presidential, Tribal waters and Cameo pools. Only Tribal and Thunderbird pools really understood what we really wanted. In the end we met with Les and toured some of their work by real homeowners. The quality and craftsmanship was by far superior and made our simple. We told them what we wanted and they came through. Yesterday we had our final meeting with them. It was a bitter sweet goodbye. We will miss Lisa and Cohl because they are genuinely wonderful and professional people. If you go anywhere else, you have gone the wrong direction. What we ended up in the end was exactly what we had  hoped for. Thank you for a wonderful experience. Feel free to send me a message if you have any questions. This company is exceptional. Thanks Thunderbird Pools!
4	We received a terrific estimate from Cohl and work proceeded on our pool, spa, and cool-deck remodel. Thunderbird Pools was the only company that could see their way to my vision and I appreciated that. The spa was filled in, the cool-deck was repainted, and the pool was done in Pebble-Tec. Unfortunately, our pool had many splotchy marks and white chunks of unmixed cement. We worked with Cohl and his sub-contractors afterwards for several months. This process was a bit of a challenge but Thunderbird, Cohl & Lisa all stood firmly that the pool needed to be redone. We went ahead and had the pool redone by the sub-contractor and today (a few months later) it is finally complete. And what a gorgeous pool it is!! I do appreciate the effort put in and emphasize that if you have a problem, you MUST take it back to Thunderbird. They worked to make it all right and it is. Use their company with confidence.
5	Thunderbird just finished our pool in 4 weeks and 2 days and I couldn't be happier. Excellent job. Our schedule was efficient. We had little down time between subcontractors. Certainly helps building during the off season but Thunderbird did a great job lining it all up.  They kept me informed throughout the project with frequent updates.  Two major reasons to go with Thunderbird: 1. Great, creative design2. Strong relationships with their subcontractors ensuring quality of work in a timely manner.
5	Just like all the other rave reviews about thunderbird pools this review will be the same.i started my new thunderbird pool build in may and it's almost completed. WOW !!!!!! is all I have to say about thunderbird pools.....everyone who has assisted me with this build was amazing, friendly, knowledgeable, kinda felt like dealing with a family member. I will totally recommend thunderbird pools to anyone when they ask who built my pool 5 stars all the way.....we cannot wait to dive into our new thunderbird pool. Thanks from our family.
4	Thunderbird Pools is definitely better than the big pool companies like Paddock and Shasta.-Estimate was very straight forward. I told them what I wanted and he gave me an estimate for the work. All the other pool companies kept trying to sell me up and telling me how I needed this and that. -Estimate was equal if not cheaper-Didn't charge extra for doing simple things like removing the diving board and bolts that was no longer needed after remodel (other pool companies wanted an extra $200 just to do that!)-Work was done quickly and on time-Had some issues with the pool light but they fixed in a good manner
5	With the initial visit from Les of Thunderbird Pools, we felt comfortable enough to choose them to build our pool.  Never having had a pool before, Less walked us thru all our options and used Pool Studio softwre to design our dream pool, decking, and landscaping.  The building time was five weeks, and each day we knew what to expect to be done thanks to Lisa in the home office.  Work was well scheduled and all the workers were professional and knowledgeable.  We chose them to service our pool and it looks beautiful.  How easy it is to talk to their personnel responsible for each construction stage, and each presented us with their card and said to call anytime day or night with questions or concerns.  If only every builder provided the same level of service and warranty!!  They are highly recommended by our family!!
5	I wanted to update my review for thunderbird pools.i haven't been happier with my pool from thunderbird pools.the quality and beauty of my pool is hands down the best.my first summer was amazing can't wait till next summer.    On a personal note I want to thank james who any and every time I have a pool question his response time is exceptional.when it comes to customer service he sets the standard and then goes above it.i knew I made the right choice when having thunberbird pools dig me a pool ....thanks guys.
5	Gorgeous pool! Les was great to work with. Other than the monsoons that delayed a few construction days and prematurely filled our pool, everything went smoothly. The reviews are well-deserved. I know we have a quality pool. Can't wait until it warms up enough to really use it!
