4	AMAZING bike ride! My Hubby and I are new to mountain biking, this park was our third ride on our new bikes, and we had a BLAST.  Very fun trail, BEAUTIFUL! Hikes looked amazing also! Only bad was no bathrooms :(
5	Sonoran Preserve, or as I like to call it, Sonoran Heaven.  I've been coming to this trailhead to mountain bike for a couple of years now (didn't know you could check in, I could be the Duke!)  We usually come every Saturday morning.  The guys ride and our wives usually run the trails.Whether you're running or riding, these trails are fantastic!  This is just a wonderful example of our tax dollars being put to excellent use.  The trails are perfect for intermediate riders.  Beginners will find them a little taxing but not un-doable.  The trail takes off like a steep roller coaster right out of the gate.  You might think, this is crazy (and it kind of is) but it really is one of the most challenging parts of the trail). The trails are fast and fun, lots of rollers and hair pin corners.  I clip-in and very rarely unclip on these trails.  There are a couple of areas it's wise to unclip but by and large, if you're decent on a bike, you won't need to unclip.  (I ride a 29er)There are at least a dozen different trails and routes you can take, check the trailhead map for information or go online to the Phoenix Parks website.  There are no bathrooms or water here.The Apache Wash trailhead just opened north of this ride, on Dove Valley Road.  This is a fantastic addition to the Sonoran trail system.  Bathrooms but no potable water.  Nice equestrian unload area, parking for at least 200 cars (it seems like) and some extremely fun trails.  The trails are roughly the same intensity as the ones above although you have a choice of taking the Ocotillo trail through the valley floor up to Carefree highway. This trail is a fun, fast ride through the desert whereas if you opt for the Sidewinder trail, you'll have a number of ridgelines to climb.  It's all fun, just depends on what you're in the mood for.Hope to see you out there!
5	It is in this preserve that you can experience the best Sonoran Desert scenery within the boundaries of the City of Phoenix. It is located at the extreme north end of the city, easily accessed through  Sonoran Desert Drive from Cave Creek Road; or,  take I-17 North to the Dove Valley Road Exit; Dove Valley road eventually becomes Sonoran Desert drive. Amenities are limited, which is not really an inconvenience (just remember to bring your own water!) and that fact also helps keep the scenery relatively unspoiled. From Sonoran Desert Drive, take the entrance to the Apache Wash Trailhead area; there will be ample parking spaces, as well as restrooms and a ramada for picnicking. The Preserve has trails well suited for hiking and biking, and in the areas near Sonoran Drive there are paved lanes for those who want a smoother ride on their bikes - or even push scooters, if you have those.
5	This is a great place to hike! There are a lot of different trails and it's very scenic.
5	My back yard, nice close scenic hiking trails for all of the family to enjoy! Not many people on the trails, they're well maintained.
5	An absolute MUST visit for anyone who loves uncrowded, beautifully maintained desert scenery!  Just don't forget to bring water:)
5	Thank goodness for the reviewer who gave directions because we clicked through yelp and ended up in the middle of a housing track!  My husband and I took our two small kids out for a hike yesterday afternoon and loved it.  The trails are clearly marked and beautifully maintained.  Our four-year (who is a pretty good little hiker in her own right) loved this place and had no problem keeping up with us (we, on the other hand, may have had a bit of trouble keeping up with her).  Packed a picnic lunch which we enjoyed on the shady tables when we finished our hike.  So glad to have discovered this gem and can't wait to go back!
