3	This Albertsons USED to be awesome when it first opened years ago. But like anything, after a good amount of wear and tear, the quality and freshness just seems to go downhill.  The deli area is reasonable and cheap, and just like any of the other local grocery store chains, they offer good weekly deals and specials.  But the variety seems to be lacking.  Definitely not the biggest frozen section. For such a big store you'd imagine any brand imaginable available to you.  Most of their store is taken up by the Osco portion, and the Osco pharmacy section is also lacking.  I prefer the pharmacy at Walgreens or even WalMart or Target for the prices you pay at Osco.  And when they don't have specials - prices seem to be extremely high.  The store itself feels like it is in serious need of a remodel.  There are just too many nice, new stores opening up around the valley for this particular Albertsons to compete.  The positives are the service (everyone is super friendly here) AND you don't have to have a "VIP card" or sign up for anything to get the specials.  They just take the discounts off automatically.  A very nice touch when you're trying to check out with a line behind you and you can't find your keys anywhere ;)This store is good in a pinch.  I wouldn't do my weekly big shopping here, but I wouldn't mind stopping in for some milk or butter, or on my way to a party when I need to bring beer or wine.OH and there IS a Starbucks at this location.  That would've added a 1/2 star if I could add one!
2	This review is close to a one star but I like to reserve my "one" ratings for BOTH bad business and bad service. I have been in this Albertsons about 4 times now and other than Redbox don't see any reason to go back. The last time I went there I looked at the ads taped to the window as I walked in thinking that if there was something amazing I might think about buying something but mostly I was just returning a movie. I saw celery for $.99 and figured that I couldn't go wrong with that. After 1 day in my fridge the celery hit that trash because it had assumed a wet noodle like quality to it and really wasn't edible, other than putting a bit in my chicken salad because I was desperate. I don't like to consider myself a snob but if I go into a store like this I expect Grocery Outlet sort of prices not top dollar with some lame few cents off sales.  Now I know to not bother to even look at the ads, just hit the ol Redbox and go to Safeway or Walmart.
3	Just wanted to educate everyone that if your visiting from Chicago this is the equivalent of Jewel-Osco. The great thing about Albertson's  that separates them from other grocery stores in the valley is that you don't need a "SAVER" card to get great deals. I personally like that....and that keeps me coming back to Albertsons but not this location...to far from my apt....LOL. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	Close to home, acceptable for a quick grocery run... It's a little older and run down but has a decent selection of produce and meats at reasonable prices. If you have time go to the locally-owned AJ's or Bahasas right down the road.
4	Picked up some Cupcakes from the Bakery.  Tina in the Bakery Dept was great.  She helped us pick something we needed and was very friendly.  We called around to various grocery stores in the area and this one was the cheapest.It's not convenient for us to shop here, but we will because they went over the top for us on a custom request.  We also picked up some Halloween Cookies and a Cake....great prices and good quality.Return Factor - 90%
4	Some stuff is cheaper. Other stuff is more expensive. I do like the deals at the deli. They have really good turkey and roast beef. They also give a 10% discount on cardinals home game day if you are wearing a jersey. Love that they support the local team. Go cardinals!
