3	AMC... so expensive, sometimes worth it. The theatres are nice, and usually clean. The reason I choose them sometimes over Harkins is really quite silly: I love their little butter bar they have. Hey, why should someone else be in charge of my popcorn butter dispensement? Also, they put jalepenos out at the butter bar, and I really love to add them to my popcorn.So I took away one star for being so over priced. And I took away another star for this experience from the other day. I went to see the opening night release of Spiderman 3 (DON'T waste your money: it ended up being terrible), for which there was a long line. I was with a group of friends, and I knew about a little secret: there is a mezzanine on the second floor from which there is an entrance/exit to all of the large theatres. So we all went up to the mezzanine to wait until they began to let people into the theatre, at which point we, too, would enter, without having to wait in line. Now, I know what we were doing wasn't exACTly legit. But still, more than a few employees saw us and said nothing. And a cop came along to check our tickets and make sure we weren't trying to do the ole theatre switcheroo. So it seemed like it was going to be fine. THEN, right when they were going to open up the theatre this manager-type, who totally takes her supervisory movie theatre role a little too seriously, came up and told us we had to go downstairs and get in the end of the line!! How unfair is that??!? I mean, if they had told us right when we got up there, we might have had a decent slot. But there was no way I was going to pay $9.50 for a ticket to sit in the very first row. So what did I do? I threw a fit. Well, not a crazy-person screaming fit, but the 'i'm not going to leave until you agree that i'm right' kind of fit. I pointed out that there is no posted policy that says we can't enter from the top, and no employees had yet stated that, so really she was being unreasonable. She consented, but told us to wait right there, she'd be right back. Well, by this time people had begun to enter the theatre. So do you think we waited right there? Absolutely not. We entered, got killer seats, and watched one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time.
4	My husband and I frequent this AMC more than I care to admit...we see most of our movies here in the Arizona Center, and we almost always have a great experience. Once the ladies' room was a mess and once the concession stand was staffed *entirely* with young men who didn't give a shit. Oh, and the machines outside sometimes do not work as they should (we like to buy our tickets online). Wait... maybe I should knock them down a star- this is starting to add up. On the other hand, I LOVE the ticket takers just inside the doors. We always get either the super nice plump woman with short dark hair or the awesome and friendly short man with glasses. It's clear they were hired for their people skills. Get a movie watcher card- the bonuses add up pretty fast (free tickets, free snax, or discounts on snax). The $5 tickets before noon on weekends and holidays are also hard to beat if movie prices are a concern. The theaters themselves are usually well cleaned, and the items from the concession stand are pretty fresh (nearly every time I have been to a Harkins, for the sake of comparison, the popcorn has tasted stale). Having Sam's Cafe, UNO, and now the great 1130 restaurant so close by, makes this AMC even more appealing and the Arizona Center a one-stop date night for us.
4	If you are going to spend almost $40 between two people to see a film and get the "perfect co-stars" #2 combo (1 Large popcorn 2 Large sodas) and a bag of peanut M&Ms, you better be sure that you are going to LOVE your movie experience.  And this place is exactly it for me.First of all, this place is NEVER crowded ... which leads to less people talking all over MY movie, or texting, or just generally being muledicks in MY theater ... and, when i refer to "MY movie" and "MY theater", it really does feel as such because it is so roomy in the giant stadium-style theater with very few others around you.  It is not uncommon to get an entire row to yourself, even on a Friday or Saturday night, and it feels uncannily like being in your own personal living room, if your living room had a 50 foot wide screen, THX surround sound, and cup holders.  Also, because there are just not a whole lot of youth living downtown (combined with the availability of many, many other screens around the valley), there is just not that element of nuisance here (i know this makes me sound older than 29, but kids/teens are a pain in the arse at movie theaters). My only complaint is that the service at the concession stands is agonizingly sllloooooow.  Still, their popcorn is fresh and they DO have self-serve butter and jappers.  Mmmmm!
3	This is the closest theatre to me, so we go there all the time. The lines are usually long and there are two people selling tickets at most, so get there early.Once you are in you are greeted by a friendly employee who will direct you to your theater, which may be a distance away, since the theatre is so large (24 screens).If you want to purchase something at the snack bar, forget about it unless you are half an hour early. For whatever reason, popcorn, nachos or whatever your ordered, it is a major undertaking to get to you.But the theatres are clean, the staff is friendly and there are usually plenty of open spots. And I can't blame the theatre for the occasional arse who decides to have a conversation during the movie, kick the back of my seat or eat popcorn like a camel chewing on Fritos.
4	Cool stuff about this AMC:Kenny at the ticket officeCenPho locationArizona CenterParking garage WITH validation!Clean lobby/bathroomsNot-so-cool:PricesOur theater smelled like feet.
4	So, for the last couple of years, the hubs and I have been die-hard Harkins fans.  It's a local company, the theatres are clean, the popcorn is good, and best of all, you can get a plastic cup for the same price as a regular drink that can be refilled for just $1.  That said, AMC Arizona Center had an uphill battle to fight when we decided to ride our bikes over yesterday because there isn't a Harkins within biking distance.I thought ahead and got the AMC MovieWatcher card in the mail, which we used, though it didn't get us anything off the price of the movie or anything special at concessions (I think I knew that already though).  The prices are reasonable - $10 for the two of us for a Saturday morning matinee isn't too bad!The price for concessions was a little spendy, but everyone knows that already. We ended up spending $2.25 more than we would have at Harkins... and we didn't spend any money on gas, so I think they did well price-wise.The ushers and ticketpeople were very friendly and nice, and the theater is very clean, except for the bathroom (and as Amy D. noted, the theater smelled like feet.  What gives, AMC?).  The loo was 98% clean - and that 2% is icky.  Stop reading here if you are of the sensitive of stomach.  There was poo on the floor in the next stall over from mine.  No, not a little drip.  A whole turdlet.  Someone missed the bowl entirely.  This can certainly not be blamed on the cleaners of the bathroom - so I can't really dock them any stars for that, but ew!!!  That is so gross.Back to the review.  I would definitely go back to AMC.  It's close, convenient, and I think that MovieWatcher card will get us something good someday.
3	This is a good movie theatre but not the best. Pros:- Never seems packed- Seats are comfortable- Customer service is good- Popcorn is tasty and always hot- Movies aren't too loud- Free refills on large popcorn/drinksCons:- Many times they seem to have problems with the film.. not centered, jumps around on the screen, has annoying lines that jump all over the place. - Bathrooms aren't very clean- Don't offer Ice Tea, like the other AMC (not a big deal, but when you don't drink soda your only left with water or very sugary lemonade)- Not a lot of eyes open to what's going on, teen kind of rule the place going from movie to movie without paying, and when there is a problem with the film, its hard to find someone to help you. Overall is awesome that there is a movie theatre downtown and is buy some good restaurants
4	As far as movie theaters go, this isn't too bad. As others have stated, the Movie Watcher Card is a must. I think it averages out to a free movie and small popcorn with every 15 and on the other visits, free red ropes every 5 visits, and $1.50 off popcorn or drink on the rest. This could be the because I have a bajillion points (resulting from a post divorce inability to sleep anywhere but movie theaters period).Parking used to be an issue, but as the Arizona Center's popularity has declined over the years, not so much. The other plus for parking is that it is covered, which in the summer rates a huge WOOHOO. One suggestion on validating would be to remember to do it when you are entering the theater. The little machines that used to be located near the rear concession disappeared when they switched systems, so unless you want to hike back to the front, save yourself some steps.Best feature: wait a couple of weeks after the movie opens and  you will be like the only one in the room; creating your own private screening. Never been huge on PDAs but it is nice to know that you could act like a teenager if you wanted to and it's super cool to see a movie without ten thousand screaming children on occasion.Worst feature: the football field length hike to your screen. Maybe it's because I do wait a couple of weeks to avoid the crowds, but I always seem to be stuck back in either screen 23 or 24. This also makes popcorn or drink refills a little inconvenient... go in the middle of the flick and you could miss the center third of the movie.
4	I'm about to blow my secret.. I know I may be making a huge mistake but here it is..THIS THEATER IS NEVER CROWDED!!I know that posting this info is totally going to screw this dynamic, but I figured I'd let you in on this little secret.I've seen so many opening night flicks here because of the lack of crowds; Star Wars, Spiderman 3, Cloverfield and I have never had to struggle with lines.Ooooohh, also-they have this fancy ass kiosk that you can access outside to buy your tix that noone uses.  Utilizing this gizmo lets you not wait in the ticket buying lines!One more thing.. on the off chance that there is a line waiting to get into the opening night screening, take the elevator to the second level and enter through the secret door at the top of the theater!  If they give you grief, do what my friend Diana did and pitch a fit "IT'S NOT POSTED"  then they'll let you in!  Primo seats!
4	One of my favorite theatres in the valley. Why? Because it's never crowded. Ever. I've been there on weekend nights, weekday evenings,  middle of the afternoon - nobody there, I don't get it. But it makes for a much more enjoyable movie-going experience. Otherwise, same as every other theater in town.Saw Space Monkeys with my lil bro this afternoon, which was amusing - a little fast & loose with the science for my taste, but in its defense it was an animated picture about monkeys in space - but once again, nobody there. I think there were maybe four or five other folks in the theater. Granted it was Space Chimps, but even out in the lobby, hardly anybody around.One note about the parking garage (besides don't forget to get your ticket validated): The signs on the wall with the big '5' on them - that's the speed limit, not the floor number. One night me and my friend walked around forever looking for the car because when we pulled up I said, "We're on 5, don't forget it." Yes, I'm admitting it, in front of everyone. It was my fault. Now let it go... Yeah, so we walked around and around the 5th floor forever trying to find the car. It was down on 2, btw. oops.
2	No comfy big ass rocking seats..No souvenir cup for 1.00 refills..No super cute boys making gourmet popcorn..Not locally owned..It's not Harkins.
5	This is the best movie theater in the world. Why? Because nobody ever goes here. More than likely a result of the light rail or people just not wanting to go downtown for a movie. But honestly, only once have I ever gotten a bad seat and it was opening night for the Simpsons and we showed up ten minutes before the show.Parking validation rules. Their popcorn rules. Their blue icees rule. Did I mention this was my favorite movie theater?
5	this is my favorite big box theatre..it is in walking distance and is always empty. but when its not empty, its just as fun. i've seen cops drag people out of shows, and i've seen people fighting in the lobby. i also love the crippled guy that works here, he's really nice if you talk to him. and he reminds me of my long dead uncle who grew up with polio..sad. but he seems happy so i'm happy.i roll up to the Keosk grab my tickets and go. not even sure why they never seem to be getting any use. oh well. makes it easy for me.
5	Love this theater!  Wished I'd known sooner that I could get parking tickets validated (up to 4 hours!).  Nice wide lobby, clean and bright concession stands and restrooms, and clean stadium seats.  What more can you ask for?
5	This is, by far, the best theater in the valley.  I am SO lucky to have it just a short walk from my house.  A year or so ago there was NEVER anyone here.  We could go to a new movie on it's opening night at the prime time of movie going and be the only ones in the theater.  It's not like that so much anymore with ASU being downtown, but we can still catch movies at the last minute and get seats.  Even though the place has gotten a little more crowded, I still love it.  The ticket takers are always pleasant, especially the lady on Sunday mornings.  (she reminds me of Dexter's friend who just died on the show Dexter)  The theater also has good deals for early morning movies, hooray 5 dollar movie tickets!  Bathrooms are always clean, the theaters are always clean, and the staff is usually pretty efficient.  An added bonus is that every now and then our humble little theater is blessed with the opportunity of showing a limited release movie.  Yay!  A great theater in a great location with a great staff, it's hard to go wrong.
5	For my 100th review, I wanted it to be special so I decided to pick a place where I spend at least one morning of just about every weekend: The AMC 24 at AZ Center.  There isn't much else I can say that everyone else hasn't already said.  What other theater can you show up to 5 minutes before the movie and still get the middle seat with the footrest bar?  They have $5 movies before noon every day (including new releases) which is a bargain that can't be beat.  You get free refills on soda too.  They always have the newest movies and usually have at least one strange indie movie.  Along with all of the great stuff about the theater, you can go get $2 mimosas at 1130 before the show or a $5 footlong at Subway and bring it in for your flick.  Plus, it's only a couple blocks from the light rail stop so there is really no excuse for not going to the best AMC in the valley!
5	This theater is the best kept secret. It's never ever ever crowded. Even on opening nights. Like any theater, it's expensive as fuck and they try to rip you off at every turn. However, the parking garage for the Arizona Center Garage has placed a validation machine in the theater to reduce the parking fare. Anyway, I've found the staff here courteous and welcoming, and this theater is my very favorite.
3	I've never been a fan of AMC's New York-like prices (matinees aside), but I can't argue with 24 screens smack in the middle of my neighborhood. I'm really surprised this place hasn't been flooded with ASU Downtown students, but hey, I'm not complaining. It's quiet (I've never been to a sold out screening here), it's convenient and parking is validated. So, what's the complaint? Well, maybe it's TOO quiet. Sometimes it's just downright creepy, especially when walking in from 3rd Street through the Arizona Center when no one is there. I'm also not satisfied with the service at times, especially during the week when no one is there. I generally feel the place is overstaffed, but I've witnessed a ton of goofing off and some dirty theatres
4	This is by far the least crowded theater in the valley.  I just saw a movie during it's opening weekend, and the theatre was almost empty.  I've actually spent Christmas morning here, two years running.  Still not busy.  Who can complain about 4 hours of validated, covered parking, either?
5	By far THE BEST AMC theatre I have EVER been to. Why you ask? Well it's like this:- Not only is it a massive AMC theatre, but it's located in a plaza/esplanade. Inside there are shops, restaurants, a full-fledged garden, fountains, a drug store, and the list goes on and on! It honestly felt like a place you'd find on the strip in Vegas.- It's air conditioned - it was one of the few places we could find recluse from 115 degrees Fahrenheit weather on a Sunday morning.- The seats were comfy, the theatre and screen were massive- Since there are so many restaurants and shops in the same plaza, right after we walked out of the movie, within 10 feet we found the perfect restaurant to eat lunch at.Anyone who knows me knows how much I looooooove movies. That said, you know when I give a theatre 5 stars, it's cause it truly is the best there is. Check this place out, you can thank me later.
4	You always get exactly the seat that you want because nobody goes here.
4	It's a great theater. Porque?-It's clean.-The staff is friendly, and the super cool guy who used to work at the Taco Bell drive-thru window up by Safeway works here, too.-It's cool, as in temperature.-The screens are really big.-The seats are really big...and soft...and comfortable.-The stadium seating gives you a good view.-It's never really crowded (which, I guess, is also a negative when it comes to the vitality of downtown).-It has 24 screens so the film you want is normally showing at the time you want to see it.-Parking is validated in the AZ Center garage.Por eso, me gusta the AMC at AZ Center.
4	I've always loved AMC for the Movie watcher rewards and since this is closest to my house, I do have to say it's my favorite! Parking is a little tricky, but they do validate if you park in the arizona center parking garage. It took me a few attempts to self validate my ticket (you have to turn it upside down, duh!) but now I don't have to pay for parking I am a happy camper. Or just go on Sunday morning, ride my bike and it's $5 for any movie before 12! Yippie!
4	This is one of my most favorite movie theaters in Phoenix! Like most other yelpers have pointed out, it's hardly ever crowded, even during the summer and its mindless "blockbusters". Even with ASU being downtown, it's hard to find a theater inside with more than 10 people. Harkins may offer popcorn t-shirts and $1 drink cups, but I'll take this one thanks to the lack of moviegoers. You hardly have to worry about rushing to find a good seats or phones ringing in the middle of a film. There's only one time out of the years I've been going here where I had to tell a group to shut it, and that was after the manager asked them to be quiet too. Plus, it's close to buses and light rail stops, and there's a Subway and Starbucks to sneak your food in, not that I would do such a thing...
4	3 stars for the theater plus one star for being less than 3 blocks from my home.  When I was on temporary assignment to the Valley of the Sun, I lived in North Phoenix less than a 1/2 mile from Harkins Norterra (a locally owned chain, all digital theather).  I had my $1 refill cup and would pick up my ticktets in pairs at Costco (so it was just 7.50 and not 10 for a movie).  It spoiled me.....When I officially moved to Phoenix and decided to live closer to the downtown office , I was excited to have a theather here next to me.  I can get a wild hare, check out show times on my phone and be at the theather in 5 mintues.  It took a while for me to realize that movies during the week and on weekends before noon were $5.50 and once I signed up for the AMC movie rewards online, I began to get free stuff like a small popcorn or a free large soda for my birthday and coupons for some of the candy.  Plus if you have your ticket and take it to several restaurants in AZ Center they offer discounts or deals.  Just make sure to ask!While I can't find discounted tickets at Costco, I just have to commit to going to my movies during the week.  And the theater is not fully digital it could be worse.  With the free popcorn I just pay $5.25 for a large soda, and for under $20 I am at the movies. They validate parking.
5	This first comment has nothing to do with the theater, but more their clientele:  THANK YOU for the SILENCE!  I forgot that I actually like this place.  On a Saturday night the place was not packed.  The staff was very friendly - not stressed out at the snack bar and the ushers on the way out were good.Clean bathrooms!  And MANY of them.  (Three to choose from, I counted.  Impressive for a smaller theater.)DH and I sat in the front "area" in the handicapped seats (no, there was no one in the theater who would have needed them).  It was AWESOME.  A row of two seats = just us.  Quiet fellow moviegoers and NO ONE in front of us.This place did not inspire me to say, "I will never go to another theater movie again!" which is more than I can say for my last two experiences.Thank you!
4	A quiet place where you can always get a seat any where in one of the theaters. Huge snack bar but typical on the food. $5.00 Movies before 12pm. And a Cold Stone next door for after!
4	LOVE the matinee prices!
3	OK, so I enjoy movies a whole lot!!!! I usually go the midnight showing because I am so anxious to see the new movies. Even after that, I may see any particular movie several times... Yep, I'm a junkie!!!! I am originally from Atlanta, where AMC Theaters are also. i was one of those reward card persons that usually always got free popcorn or drinks and free tix because I frequent so much! Since, I've moved to PHX, many of the AMC reward programs have changed and now they charge you to be a member (that sux) and they no longer offer student or military incentives. I do like the $5 matinee movies though!Out here, looks like Harkins is KING! They honor military and student discounts and have a nice loyalty program which includes a LOYALTY CUP where the refills are only a $1 and if you bring your popcorn bag back, you are entitled to a free popcorn refill!!!! AWESOME!!!!!!Although the AMC 24 is minutes from my house, I now make the drive to the closest HARKINS!!!! They have won me over!
4	I only go when I am visiting my family but got an AMC card that earns me points and I always end up with a free popcorn. Parking is validated on site and the seats are really comfortable especially for my mom's bf's bad back.  Discount movie tickets are usually my go to for movies so I get them at Costco or online and then get my tickets at the box office with those - saves anywhere from $2 - $5 depending on the movie, IMAX or 3D.
5	Mine and my wife movie date spot. We love this amc because it is typically very quite and when the sun goes down the az center can be pretty romantic.
3	Nice and Clean.  Only thing I didn't like is it didn't seem that the chairs leaned back.  They looked like they were newer, but still sat straight up.  It was super awesome that it was dead.  Saw Transformers, and I think it was the second weekend it had been opened so I expected way more people than were there.  I think I'm going to have to go back just for that fact alone.
3	This AMC isn't as good as the other ones that are out there. The staff is kind of clumsy on the day that I went. And the parking garage has small parking spaces. Its ok, but their are better ones like I said.
1	My husband and I went to the AMC in Mesa a few weeks ago.  We got there before 5:00 so we would be paying the matinee price.  We were sadly mistaken.  Even the guy who sold us the tickets had trouble telling us all the different prices that they had a different times.  I attempted to tell the Manager (after the movie) that I was disappointed that we didn't get to pay the matinee price and he wouldn't listen - kind of like he was scripted to say what he said.  They lost our business.  Harkins never gives us problems.  All these years I have lived in Mesa and gone to this theater.  Bad business decisions to nix the matinee prices on a Friday afternoon. No bueno.
4	lots of screens and spacious theaters.make sure you validate on the right side of the ticket taker!
4	This theater is instantly my favorite. Why? Because it's downtown, and NOBODY comes here. No joke. You could probably have come here to see Harry Potter on opening night, bought your ticket, waltzed right in, and sat wherever you wanted. I'll have to test that theory next time a huge movie debuts! Located in the Arizona Center, this theater is really only convenient to tourists, and locals that are familiar with the location and parking situation! The theater is surrounded by restaurants and bars, making it an ideal spot to catch dinner and a movie, and possibly some late night drinks!
4	Great $5 deal before noon and parking is free.  I like this theater and we get good deals with rewards for popcorn and soda with free refills.
1	AMC Theaters has the distinct disadvantage in Phoenix at operating in a town with a high-quality, local provider of entertainment (Harkins) and they really pale in comparison. Tonight we went to the AMC 24 at Arizona Center, which is literally right near our house, but we've been there only two or three times in as many years. Why? Because AMC doesn't offer a senior discount any longer.For AMC Management -- Did you know that there is a huge population of older people living in condos in the downtown Phoenix location who go to moves three and four times a week? I think it is absolutely ridiculous that I could go to a Harkins and see a movie for $12-13 for two but when it's an AMC Theater, it's $20. Do they think they are so special that they warrant this extra "tax"?The theater is generally clean and nice, but the prices on sodas and popcorn are too high, combined with the fact that they don't offer the discount to seniors. AMC, please just fold up your tent and go away. We don't need you here.
5	They have $5 movies before 6pm during the week.... ch-ching!
4	Very nice, HUGE theater...our first time there. There was a very friendly girl at the front desk/cash register but a very surly and unfriendly young woman sweeping the floor. I guess I'd be pissed to if I had to sweep when everyone else was having fun. There seemed to be a lot of popcorn all over the floor but the bathrooms were huge and very clean. The theater is in a very large but almost graveyard like mall....lots of stores and such but hardly any people...how sad. The malls here in San Diego are bustling and the ones with theaters are always packed the seem to be the social hub of the mall itself. The parking is somewhat confusing and we ended up parking out on the street. At the end of the movie, we were glad to have gone because our seats were super comfy, the sound system rocked and it was clean....just sad that it was so darn empty. Seems like a safe place to walk around anyway.
3	Upside lots of theatres, downside, the staff are as dumb as a box of rocks.  Went to the new Sherlock Holmes film yesterday afternoon.  20 people in line, one staffer, one staffer.  Normally I would use the automated box to buy my ticket, but I had a gold pass.  Don't feel like gold using it though!  This theatre is closest to me, but it drives me nuts when they ask if I want to join their pay for rewards program.  Why would I want to pay for rewards to be your customer-shish.  By the way if you eat at a restaurant and have parked in the garage, validate at the theatre.  They validate longer.  I made the mistake of using validation once from my big Fat Greek and saved a whole dollar.  I repeat one whole dollar.
5	i love this theater.  usually quiet in the AM if you like to take advantage of their $5 before noon promotion.  they validate parking and the staff is normally pretty nice.  my bf and i will normally hit up an early movie, then stick around and grab lunch at one of the restaurants near by.
4	I really liked this theater! I am normally more inclined to go to Harkins (gotta love that refillable movie cup and popcorn T-shirt!), but this AMC had the movie we wanted to see playing at the right times, so that's where we ended up!  Great big theater with some of the most comfy seats!  Since it was after 8pm, we parked on the street for free too!  I didn't partake in the concession stand, so I can't remark on those services/quality/prices, but maybe next time!  =)
1	Why for the love of God do people take small children to an adult movie and why oh why does the theater staff allow this to happen?! HOWEEEEEEVER!!!!! we are bluntly told we can't take in our Cold Stone waffle cone ice creams because of a new "outside food and drink" policy but these three small children can run and cry and scream throughout the entire movie.I hate you people! I paid $10.50 for my entry ticket, $13 for a soda and popcorn and you ruined my hopes of escaping from reality for not even two hours. Parents who poorly plan and ruin movie nights for other moviegoers can SUCK IT HARD !!!!and AMC, you get caught up in the crossfire for turning a blind eye.  I'm done with you and I want my money back!
4	I live on the other side of town and usually always go to the AMC Westgate theatre. I was attending the state fair in October and wanted to catch a movie afterwards. I heard there was a theatre down town so me and my kids went to catch a screening of Puss in boots. I was shocked by how empty the auditorium was for a kid's movie on it's first weekend and in mid-day. The seats were a little uncomfortable, but was a good experience.
2	Oh man, no chance of me coming back here... The bathrooms were a disaster, complete with creepy guy smoking some drugs in a corner stall, and it was eerily empty, like end of the world empty, I like a bustling theater experience. So much was wrong... no student discount, no collectible cup, less than comfortable chairs. They're just lucky they have self validation, the only true joy I got out of that experience was not having to pay for parking or track down someone to punch my card. Two awful stars.
4	Always great experience clean no lines and great 5 buck shows before noon
3	I can bike to this theater from my home downtown, and there are bike racks available.  This is a HUGE theater complex, and they show many of the films I'm interested in seeing.  They lose a star for serving Coke, rather than Pepsi.  That's just how I roll.  Sound is good, seats are reasonably comfortable.  I hate the trend of showing commercials at movies.  More previews, please!
3	Extra star for multiple bike racks and being right on the Bicycle Boulevard.  Ladies' restrooms are appalling.  Had to check 12 stalls before locating one that was (a) flushed and (b) had toilet paper.  Easy bike ride from home, but I would only go here for matinees.  I used to ride by after class @ ASU downtown, and I felt scared...not my scene at all!  That said, they actually show a lot of the films I actually want to see, including documentaries.  I wish they served Pepsi instead of Coke.  There were a ton of previews at the last film I saw.  Bravo!
1	Dirty Dirty Dirty - No Air conditioning, Rude patrons, Small seats, Not enough staff at counter - waited in line 23 minutes, takes 20 minutes to get out of garage. I usually go to Harkins and now I remember why!
3	Average theatre, but it is centrally located in the city which is cool
1	Not thrilled with this theater.  Staff were too involved with each other and not with customers waiting to ask questions.  Felt more like they did not want to be there.  Poor customer service.  The theater was also very warm.  The popcorn and hot dog tasted like they were sitting around for awhile.
3	Typical multiplex. Had to exit the theatre to find someone to remind them that they needed to turn the overhead fluorescent lights off. Watching a movie in stark white light is not nice.
5	Saw "Lincoln" at a matinee showing for $5. There was 3 other people in the auditorium. Great movie, clean theater, fresh popcorn, nice theater people, and nearly a private showing. What's not to like?
5	I like coming to this AMC on the weekends because the movies are only $5.50 before noon. It is pretty cool that we are normally the only ones in there.  Also the staff is always really nice and the theatres are really clean.  :)  If you are ever in downtown and want to see a moving you should head over to AMC.  :)
2	...if you're stuck downtown, I guess, but otherwise I really can't think of a reason to go here as opposed to any of the other 50+ theaters with free (ample) parking, more theaters, and vastly more comfortable seating options.
2	For the record, I had to strongly plead with Jenny to give this theater higher than a one star rating. But please, AMC Management, if you want to thank me, do so by sending me a gift certificate to any theater but this one.$10 per ticket took me back somewhat but the tone of this [arguably] two star experience was the valueless interaction with the employees. After dealing with the uninterested box office girl, the ticket taker was actually inviting and helpful and, silly me, I got my hopes up that my experience at AMC Arizona Center 24 may actually end up being comparable to seeing a movie at a theater that charges a fraction of the cost.We approached the refreshment stand and, as the ladies assembled our order on the counter, one held up a blacked hot dog (think of the rancid hot dog Kramer eats to avoid making Lloyd Braun think he is crazy) and asked if we wanted it. Considering we were paying $5 for a hot dog at a national chain theater that should have some kind of quality control system in place for refreshments, we declined. The girl simply turned around and handed the bad item to the back and instructed them to throw it away before grabbing a normal looking hot dog for our order. That simple so why even ask us?Though the lobby was generally empty and pairs of employees were standing around chatting in strategic locations, the condiment area was unkempt including butter-flavored soaked popcorn on the counter. Something that a $7 theater would probably just send someone to wipe down but, somehow, not a priority here.  Also, the restrooms are a dump and don't even have mirrors. Not sure why a more expensive theater would vary from the clean restroom standard for the public park bathroom decor, but I think it's a swing-and-a-miss by AMC's interior design experts.So why two stars? Well, Yelp doesn't allow zero star reviews (which I agree with, FTR) so everyone gets a freebie. And the in-theater experience was actually good. So, that's how AMC got a two star review for a theater I doubt I will ever again attend or recommend.
1	If you have a Harkins movie theater near you, go there.  AMC is just over priced.  I go to the movies a lot, and have to have my popcorn/drink.  I purchased a cup and popcorn shirt at Harkins which cost about $25.   Plus they have studenty/senior discount at Harkins.  A night out at the movies for two at AMC is about $38.00.  Night out at Harkins is about $16.    Including drinks and popcorn.AMC is just to much
3	Great location, large theatre, free parking (unless you stay longer than 4 hours, then I'm not really sure what you have to do) and a solid place to visit on a weeknight when you have had your fill of being surrounded by people but aren't quite ready to hide under a rock or sofa cushion at home. I went to see Django Unchained on Monday night...it was nice and reasonably empty (maybe 10 other people or so in the theatre). It was perfect. This used to be my stomping ground when I lived downtown, but since I moved, I usually go to the Esplanade...that being said, this theatre is so much bigger and has so many showtimes that I didn't feel like I needed to compromise on anything. A small...tiny...miniscule part of me would like for AZ Center to get incredibly busy, hip and happening (because it has all of the trappings of a place that could become something more), but 98% of me likes it just the way it is, a great place that looks nice and clean, where I can always get a seat at whatever restaurant or movie I want.
4	This review will be imbarrassing and gross, so be prepaired.... I have to start off by saying that I love AMC Theaters better than any theater because I think they have the Best popcorn! Their popcorn is usually always hot and most of all, it has a hidden flavor that makes it so good, I believe it is coconut oil. It is SO addicting! I don't go to the movies that often because I NEVER dring Coke, But if I go to a movie I have to have a BIG Coke and a BIG popcorn, which I know is very bad for me and it just sits in my colon and I have to pay to get a colonic the next day to get rid of the buldge it causes in my gut! So, back to the review, I love AMC, BUT, I had a super bad experience that seems to be happening just about anywhere I go in public bathrooms these days,but Not this bad! It's pretty imbarrassing to say, but here goes: I went to the potty then used the changing table to change my little one's diaper. After that I went to wash both of our hands and when I looked in the mirror I had blood swiped across my face! I freaked out and checked her to see if she was bleeding anywhere and then checked my hands and elbows, etc. Then I went back into the restroom (still have the blood on my face) and looked everywhere. You know how some "Lazy" people just sit toilet paper on top of the toilet paper holder? Well I picked it up and low and behold, there was a blob of BLOOD on the other end of it! I about puked!!! Then I noticed blood in the little garbage can inside and outside and a little on the wall towards the ground! How did I miss that? I guess I was just rushing so fast (in mid movie) not to miss much of the movie. I was P-I-S-S-E-D!!!! I scrubbed it off 3X and washed my baby again (inside & out, lol) and after I put her back in the stroller I looked in every stall and EVERY toilet paper roll was sitting on top of the paper holder. Other than that the bathroom was sparkling clean, BUT, come on STOP being so lazy!!! They had so many employees standing around talking and laughing, it's not like a single person was busy. Quite the contrary, they were board! Needless to say I missed about half the movie and was freaked out for the rest of the day because I am such a Germ-A-Fobe! I talked to the manager and told her the whole story and she said it wasn't their fault because they have a cleaning crew that does that. I told her that I missed half of the movie and she didn't even offer me 1 Free ticket or anything, just an, "I'm sorry that happened to you." and then she took my phone number down but nobody ever called me. Ok this is the thing, So many places these days think it's OK to just sit the toilet paper on top of the holder, it's NOT OK!!! It's disgusting! People wipe their butts and then grag the paper and wipe again and again and again. Get my drift? Their unknowingly wipeing their hand on the paper roll everytime they pick it up again and your using it next! Walmart is the WORST! Their bathrooms are disgusting and they don't even care! I am giving AMC 4 Stars because I think they are the best theater, best prices and best popcorn! It's not really their fault that people are disgusting and they at least try to keep the bathroom clean, BUT, because they choose to put the toilet paper rolls on top of the holder (so unsanitary) and they didn't even offer to replace my ticket, they get 4 Stars from me! If they change their ways, I'll come back and give them 5 stars, so let me know if they are putting the paper in the holders. For now I am still a little traumatized to go back, so it may be a while for me! P.S. Oh, I forgot, to make matters even worse, I didn't get to finish eating my popcorn and coke (wasted money there) and when I went to pay for the parking, It was $9.00! Talk about having a BAD Day!Blessings, Fay
2	I think that AMC stands for Al's Movie Center. Now maybe it is just this location but the place seemed dirty and grungy and the staff wasn't all that friendly and it just seemed like a second rate movie theater instead of a national chain. Like I said maybe it is just location that is bad and maybe I am biased toward the other large local movie theater chain.Now Arizona Center still seemed nice and there looked like there were a few places in there that I would like to check out but as far as this theater goes I was not impressed. The movie we saw was good. The sound was a little low in the beginning and it either got louder or I got used to it not sure which.It is kind of funny that you sometimes get annoyed with up selling and little comments but then when you get very little interaction at all you realize that even though they have to up sell and say certain things at least they are interacting with you and giving you customer service. Here I just got basically Hi, what would you like, that will be $10 and that's it. Oh then if you bought some candy it is in racks in front of the counter which was obvious but not pointed out to me. Which for someone who has never been there before and not paying attention might wonder where their candy was. Also the obviously empty display boxes looked like they had all been stepped on before being put in the case about 20 years ago.I'm sorry to say I think I will stick with the other movie theater in town. They seem to have their act together.They did get an extra point because they serve Coke Zero.
2	I moved to the valley in 2000, and I am a huge movie lovin fool and the 1st movie theater I found was the AMC down at Arizona Center, when I 1st found the Arizona Center I was just in heaven, it was a perfect lil shopping center in the middle of downtown and the AMC just looked grand. My kids were into Harry Potter and we have done a few midnight showings at this AMC. Gone to the movies with friends, family, I can't even tell you how many movies I have seen here.So when I met up with my daughter & son for a movie, I thought of all the times we had gone before and just smiled because of the good memories.Then I walked up to the box office outside, and I read a sign that they are selling the tickets inside at the concession stand, what?? Why are they not using this huge semi round box office that could easily display the movies & times at ease?  Went inside and was sadly disappointed again,  you can tell just by site that this place hasn't been loved in while, lobby was plain and lacking in movie props, the bathrooms are just gross, the theater room was showing age, paint was old and spots where showing.It's like you get excited because you're seeing an old friend you haven't seen in a while and then when you do, you see that they haven't been taking care of themselves and their inner shine is dull, leaving you sadden by thinking what happened to them. Oh well here's to the good memories of the past.
4	Really like this AMC. Very large, good at accomodating for schools and field trips, and never really busy like every single mall theatre for opening nights and midnight releases. Would highly recommend. I think they validate for parking as well, which rocks.
5	Four hours of free parking with validation at the garage. The restrooms were clean, yeah there is no mirrors, but why is everybody so concerned about that? The best part is the $5 price for all movies before 6pm (mon-Thur) and these are first run movies in a nice theater, not like the crappy conditions at Pollack Tempe. Haven't been to a crowded theatre in years - its matinee or bust, way more relaxing and less of a chance some idiot will be using his cell phone despite the 20 times they tell you not too. Dead Man Down was good too.
3	The parking garage prices can blow me.
3	Very crowded sometimes...
3	Once you get sat down in the theater this place is great. How ever, it's a bit odd how empty it always is. And the front seems dirty and unmaintained. This should have been a 12-16 not a 24 imo.
5	Great central location to downtown. If you're looking for a quite location but yet good entertainment quality (sound, visual) and clean environment this definitely tops other cinemas in crowded shopping malls. Given the low number of visitors they are well staffed and quick to get whatever we needed. I'll definitely go back!
4	This is a great place to watch a movie! Never crowded and the sound system is perfectly balanced.  Clean and free parking with validation.  Love it!!
3	This is the closest theater to me and sadly, it's not up to par with other AMC's. It could definitely use a facelift, hence the 3 stars. Coming from Kansas City, AMC's were the best in that city so I was surprised when I moved here and found that they are considered to be the lesser theater. While some other ones are pretty nice around town, this is probably the worst one I've been to.One star for the friendly workers, one star for the usually quiet and not busy theaters and another star for being so close. I wish there was a half star and I'd split that between the usually pretty good popcorn and the cheap movie prices. We caught a 8pm movie on a Monday night for $7.50. We've probably seen 10 movies here and only on our last trip did we have a group of guys who decided to talk through most of the movie.  A large portion of that particular theater's seats were blocked off with yellow tape for maintenance. Their bathrooms are typically clean but they could use a major overhaul. The doors need a fresh coat of paint, the old style sinks with only one full soap dispenser out of four, toilet paper rolls are never on the actual holders and paper towel bins flowing over with towels. I try and skip the bathrooms if possible but sometimes my Diet Coke gets the best of me. Overall, I'd prefer not to go to this theater but sometimes the convenience wins out and we'll walk over to it. I do enjoy the area surrounding it and love the center with the palm trees lit up. There are some fairly good restaurants close by as well but it wouldn't ever be a date night destination.
3	Prices typical of other AMC's and theaters in general nowadays (too much).  I stuck with my free courtesy cup of ice water.  Maybe they should use some of that money to renovate the bathrooms, which felt like a claustrophobic mirrorless bunker with too many brown and black stains where they shouldn't have been. What if you want to check yourself out or clean up before heading back to your date waiting outside? Maybe they were upgrading but didn't put signs up. Maybe not. Picture and sound itself were good BUT the hallway lights on either side of the theater room reflected off the screen, which I found annoying until they blended in with the mechanical scenery of huge transformers/monsters of Pacific Rim.
4	AMC, I'm being generous with 4 stars. Walking into you I'm reminded of the Ghost of Theatres Past, at time a hollow shell of her former majesty but occasionally buzzing with that certain energy only celluloid can produce.Last night after work, I decided I simply must watch The Conjuring, so I walked over to AZ Ctr. A $5 movie experience is a tremendous value. Being one of five people in the entire theater pretty much ensures an enjoyable experience (i.e., no or limited talking by others).  While not the most comfortable seats, the arm rest go up and allow you to take over two or more seats. Clean bathrooms, though.It's unfortunate in a city our size, with a university campus downtown, that this place gets so little traffic. The vacated box office and the abandoned snack counter make for a glum appearance. After my movie I encountered in the hallway the transient who was sitting in front of the theater watering down his dogs when I arrived. Kind of a surprise to see him with the dogs, but meh.
1	This is an outdated theater with all kinds of sketchiness going on.I've only seen one movie here, but a group of kids walked in late and then talked and laughed for the duration of the movie. No one from the theater walked in once, as they do in most theaters.It's probably very possible to have a decent time here, but my experience was very poor. I do not recommend this theater. (I tried to reach out to the company to share my experience but the inquiries/complaints page was down and wouldn't accept submissions.)
4	Who doesn't love a good movie and a clean theater? Yep, that sums it up. I usually frequent this place during the week and I don't have too many troubles getting tickets. What is unfortunate is that there is one person at the customer service desk who you can buy tickets from and depending on the week, the line is extra long which sucks if you are cutting it close for a movie. The other thing I'd love for them to figure out is how can one scan their AMC card at the self-service kiosk. Grr at that.
1	From the Get go i was depressed when i walked in to the theater. first of all its dated and needs some serious upgrading. Second when i ordered my pop corn and started to eat it i found it to be cold and stale. Then while watching my movie a homeless person snuck into the theater and was annoying. First they come in with all their stuff and just throw it al over, then they fell asleep and started to snore up a storm. When i Told the guest services person they radioed it in and the manager came to wake the person up but they stayed in the theater. For the remainder of the movie (1.5 hrs left) they played with a plastic grocery bag, the crinkling noise drove everyone in the theater insane. when we told the manager they did nothing about the situation. Overall i am deeply saddened that a theater brand I frequent and have come to know as my go to theater, has let this theater slip through the cracks
3	This is a pretty relaxed theatre that is never too busy. They validate your parking which is useful and of course gouge you for popcorn and drinks of course.The theatres are big and comfy with lots of leg room. No complaints but they don't always have every movie playing.
4	Definitely improved. Perhaps my first experience was an off night, maybe even an off off night. However, the recent three  visits have been delightful.
1	Yeah.. have to say this place is ghetto!! hahah... Normal pricing for movie tickets, but then bam! The food cost is outrageous, there is always minimal help at the concession area. I asked for a cup for some water and was given a tiny plastic shot glass looking thing and directed to the cooler on the side... hahahah wtf? They have a security guard walking the premise inside, that's not good to see. There is normally about 5 people watching a movie or at least every time I've been there. One day we're watching a movie and these kids kept coming in and out of the front side door. A couple of other times we sat next to some people that were just loud, talking during the movie, popping the soda pop cans opening during the movie and bags of chips... I'm telling you... this place is ghetto!! Don't do it... don't do it... lol...
5	Let me begin with the negative: terribly slow concessions. Now that I've covered that, this is my go to movie theater! It's huge and always empty. It could be opening night and I'll only be sharing the theater with 10 other people. I think I've only been to 3 movies here that were full. If you would like to walk into a movie five minutes late and still get the best seat in the house, I recommend this theater. Clientele is along the lines of what you could expect at a downtown theater: mixed.
3	This is my movie theater of preference.It's always empty and conveniently located.The staff is super friendly and locale is always clean!
3	Its great to have a movie theatre complex within walking distance of my apartment Downtown.  That said, there are some drawbacks.  I won't go into a long diatribe about this place.  Just gonna quickly point out the good and the bad:The Good:-Great location in the heart of Downtown within walking distance of the ASU and UofA campuses as well as all the condo and apartment complexes in the area-Lots of theaters (24 in all) means they have pretty much every title big and small playing at any given time-I've always had an easy time finding seating for any movie I've ever come for.  In fact I don't think I've ever seen a theatre more than half full out of the dozens of times I've been here-Bathrooms (from my experience) are kept clean and functional at all times-If you must drive here, they'll validate your parking at the Arizona Center garageThe Bad:-The complex was built over a decade ago and really hasn't been given any upgrades or improvements.  It serves its purpose, but it shows its age-Really slow service at the concession stands.  Which is weird because they have a huge concession area up front, but its seemingly always understaffed-There's an abundance of unused space in this place that make it feel like a ghost town.  The exterior ticket booths are rarely used, there's a concession stand in the back of the complex that's been abandoned for years, and the main lobby is expansive for no apparent reason-The prices for tickets and snacks are outrageous, but to be fair that goes for most every AMC and Harkins theatre you find in the Phoenix areaI know some Yelpers have mentioned the patrons being of the shady variety.  Having been to Harkins Christown, Harkins MetroCenter and several discount cinemas in recent history, the patrons here aren't any weirder than those spots.  True, you won't find throngs of teenagers here on a regular basis, but that's fine by me.  All in all, its more than adequate.  It doesn't have the electricity or the elegance of the newer suburban theatre complexes.  But if your objective is a comfy chair with plenty of room to watch the newest flick, this complex will make your goal easily attainable.
4	Love the early show prices. Love being able to walk here as I live in the downtown core.
4	This is a really great theater to attend! The service is friendly, the theaters are clean, and I had no idea a matinee was only $5! It's centrally located and is easily accessible.
5	I like the location because it is downtown and after the movie I usually go to a happy hour, perfect :-)
5	No rating (just putting that in theater 12 there is a speaker in the front right that may be damaged. I heard a crack sound ((a sound a speaker makes when damaged))Otherwise a fun movie experience. Cheers
1	Saw Dracula untold this morning 30 mins late and manager gave weak ass free small Coke. Ridiculous and terrible give away at least a free movie, as this film was ruined. In 1985 I saw back to the future on time, I wish I could go back in time.
1	Rip off.  So no.   just. No.
5	I like this theater because it's like my own private theater. If there is someone else watching the same movie as me. I can laugh out loud as much as I want. This place is huge, and oddly the entire staff are friendly, even on holidays! With so many screens and show times I can movie binge all day if I like. Parking can be a pain if you're not willing to take,a little,stroll through historic downtown Phoenix.Hope this places,stays open so I can keep it as my little secret.
1	I've pretty much had it with this theater. My recent visit Saturday night was a disaster.First, this theater is in downtown Phoenix so it attracts the "not so nice" movie going crowd. I'm not saying everyone here is a problem, but you should go to a movie here fully expecting people to be talking during the whole movie, texting, using their cell phones, etc. I have never seen a film here where this wasn't the case. During our screening, two people answered their RINGING CELL PHONES and two college aged girls yapped to each other during the entire movie. The guy in front of us was texting as well. It's so rude but it is the norm at this theater, and management refuses to do anything (booting out the offenders would be a start but if they did that, I fear they'd have no customers). Second, the snack bar clearly says they offer Coke Zero as a soda choice but they serve you Diet Coke. We had them fill our cup FOUR times from FOUR different machines and every single time the "Coke Zero" was actually Diet Coke. If you are a fan of my Yelp reviews, you know that I freaking know the difference between the two sodas and believe you me, this theater is trying to pass off Diet Coke as Coke Zero. I've alerted the Coca-Cola company about this because it irritates me to no end. Third, the parking here is horrible! There's a garage which means a bit of a walk from your car to the theater. I don't mind this but in rainy or windy weather, it really stinks! The parking rates are exorbitant at $2 per each $20 minutes (maximum charge of $12). AMC Theaters provides validation but for two hours only! This is NOT enough time! Most movies have a run time of at least 1 hour 45 minutes and that doesn't count allowing enough time to park, buy your ticket, get your popcorn and sit through 25 minutes of previews! COME ON! Three hours should be the minimum validation. As a result of this stingy validation, we ended up having to pay $9.00 just to park to go to a stupid movie on a Saturday afternoon. This downtown center is dying and I say "good riddance." It's things like this that will drive this theater out of business too, and it won't be a moment too soon.
3	I'm usually a fan of Harkins theaters over AMC except for the esplanade in Biltmore.  The loyalty cups and discounts seem to be generally lacking with the AMC locations.  Overall the prices are comparable, but one thing I do really like about AMC is that they still do a discounted first showing.All things considered, this is a good movie going option, especially for a first showing of the day.
1	Just got here for a 5:50 movie on a Saturday night. All the seats and isles are full of trash. It's the way a theater is after a show, not before one. At over $10 per ticket I expect to not trip over garbage.
3	I like this store better than the one just off the museum lobby. The store is small but easy to navigate, with many innovative and unique items, art to wear, stuff for the kitchen. The merchandise is costly so I do not buy much here. Maybe a sale might draw me to buying something. It's a feast for the eyes. Not good for small children.
