4	Woke up early one Saturday, 10:00am, and was searching for a new place for some breakfast eats and happened upon this place. Norm's Eggs Cafe has been open for a little over 2 weeks and looks to be a solid place for some good breakfast eats.I needed something hearty so I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and a side of Bacon. It was great. The steak was nice and tender with a very tasty breading and a very nice white gravy which I liked very much, which is a first for me. Most of the time I just find it a nuisance but this was filled with peppery goodness.The entre came with 2 eggs, choice of sides, and a biscuit covered in that awesome gravy. Both done exactly the way I ordered them, soooo happy now.The Bacon was in the Goldilocks area for me, not too crispy yet not too soft, juuust right. Oh yeah today is gonna be a good day.The service was very fast and friendly and the chefs look like they take pride in what they are sending out and all this leads to one great breakfast joint that I will be frequenting, whenever I get up early enough for breakfast. And they have wifi.
3	tried Norms for both breakfast and lunch.For breakfast i went with the Superbreakfast at $8.29.  Comes with 3 eggs, pancakes, hash browns ham, bacon and sausage.  Decent price if they deliver the goods.  Well, lets see - the eggs - over easy, but wait a minute, only 2 eggs - where's number 3 ? The hash browns, under cooked - my guess is they shred potatoes themselves but not sure.  2 slices of pre-cooked bacon, a sysco special sausage patty and a thin grilled slice of ham and the pancakes ? decent sized but lacking in taste and being completely cooked.  Sorry - the breakfast has/had potential but lacked an egg,  flavor, salt, being fully cooked so average.Lunch - $5.99 special ( i guess the blue plate special )  - Meatloaf, mashed and veggies.  Decent portion, looked ok but again, a lack of flavor and salt.i think the place has potential, the service is good, the prices reasonable but at the end of the day, it's all about the flavor and sadly, Norm's needs flavor improvement.
3	Norm's is just a few blocks from my home , so I was really hoping that it would blow me away. We had the  lemon ricotta pancakes and the red velvet pancakes.                  The red velvet pancakes was spot on, nice and fluffy strong chocolate flavor. This was the star this morning hands down.                               Lemon ricotta pancakes had a nice aroma of lemons and was garnished with lemon zest ,I wish it had a stronger lemon presence flavor wise, the ricotta cheese did not add anything positive in my opinion, to me it just made the pancakes seem like it was under cooked.                       Service was very good .kept my coffee filled up and checked up on us frequently.   I would not hesitate to order the red velvet pancakes again. I will have to try the other menu items that looked interesting to me , so I will be back.
4	I was of course excited to see that a new breakfast place opened up. I'm a sucker for breakfast foods - and am still trying to find the best Chicken Fried Steak in Vegas. I went here for breakfast a couple weeks ago - only one other table was occupied. That kind of got me worried, but I was excited nonetheless. The chicken fried steak was decent. Not the best I've ever had, but it wasn't the worst. The batter on it was thin, but a little soggy. The steak was a bit chewy but nothing that wasn't manageable. I had good flavor. The gravy was pretty good as well. I opted for the fruit cup instead of the hash browns - and the fruit seemed pretty fresh. All in all, a decent experience. The service was quick and good. It's definitely a place I would go back to for breakfast if I'm in the neighborhood. But, my quest to find the best chicken fried steak hasn't quite been satisfied yet.
5	No wait, no crowds to fight, just friendly fast service, clean & spacious. Coffee was above average. Had the banana nut pancakes that were oversized and tasted great, hubby had the cornedbeef hash, he finished it quick without one crumb on the plate, and my daughter loved her egg & cheese omelet. It's well worth a try and next time we're having the red velvet pancakes! Oh and one more thing, their water in a cup taste filtered along with clean ice, a nice change from the usual tap & ice u get from other restaurants...
4	Spacious new breakfast and lunch spot off of Durango. Friendly, quick service with plenty of tables and counter service.Red velvet pancakes ($6.99) - rich, dense, chocolatey pancakes covered in a lattice work of cream cheese icing. The cakey texture will make you think you're eating a dessert for breakfast. It's delicious and worth the calories, but you'll fee guilty afterwards.Steak "Ooh-La-La" ($6.50) - thinly sliced grilled steak covered with sauteed mushrooms, onions, bell peppers, and mozzarella on a toasted bun. Roughly a 6" sub, the bread was chewy, fresh, lightly toasted to give the interior some crunch. good amount of ingredients in the sammie. The meat, mushrooms and onions were slightly overcooked but still tasty. Came with plenty of fries (probably frozen) and cole slaw. Good value for the price.Their menu consists of plenty of breakfast items (many which are typical and can be found elsewhere), salads, soups, burgers, wraps, and sandwiches. They also have $5.99 lunch specials like meat loaf, pot roast, chicken curry and teriyaki chicken.
4	we wanted to try something new and found Norm's on Yelp.  We got there around 10:30am last Monday and only one other table was occupied.  we were a little concerned but figured we were just in between breakfast and lunch.  i had the corned beef hash and my friend had the veggie omelette. both portions were large and very reasonably priced!  I had the leftovers as another meal.  They've only been open a little over a month but have a great start!  when we left most of the tables had customers but the counter area was free.  nothing over the top, but good food, great portions and prices, with friendly and caring staff.
4	I really enjoyed eating here, more so for the vibe than anything. Being a quaint breakfast eatery, Norm's reminds us just how great the diner feel is. With counter seating & the ability to watch the cook work his magic, it's fun and cozy.What sums this place up is the fact that my plate was literally clean by the time the server came to clear the table.  'Nuff said.
4	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
3	During a recent trip to New York, one of the things that I enjoyed almost everyday there was having smoked salmon/lox for breakfast.  It was available everywhere we had breakfast and brunch, and surprisingly that has been one of the things I miss since coming back home.  Doing a quick search for breakfast places that served lox, Norm's Eggs Cafe came up.With salmon on my mind, I ordered the Lox and Cream Cheese Scramble.  It comes with a choice of toast or bagel, and hash browns or fruit.  I opted for rye toast and hash browns.  The scramble comes out exactly as you would envision, lots of salmon in every bite and quite the generous portion of cream cheese mixed in.  After finishing my meal, everything was cleaned off the plate except for the cream cheese; there was that much mixed in!  The salmon had a great smoked flavor and was also portioned generously.  Every bite had salmon, they did not skimp on it.  Hash browns and toast were standard fare.  Potatoes were nice and crispy on top and softer on the bottom layer, and pleasantly not soaked in grease.  The toast was toast, can't go wrong with that!  The menu did state that the scramble was made with three eggs, but to me the portion seemed a bit small.  Maybe I'm used to the heaping portions served at other restaurants, but the entree size here had me wishing for more.  Overall a nice spot to grab breakfast, and definitely not as crowded as other breakfast options during the weekend.  I'll be back for the salmon scramble!
2	2nd visit to norm's since gf was having oil changed nearby.  place was busier than my last visit so that's a good thing.  I tried the country fried steak and eggs with a biscuit.  gf had egg white veggie omelet with bagel.Again, good service, timely refills on coffee and water and food came out quick.the food - Norm's comes up short again.  The CFS - small and overcooked.  the gravy was decent though i prefer to see chunks of meat in the gravy.  the biscuit crumbled as i cut it - that's not good.  GF did like the veggie omelet but the bagel wasn't fresh.I think the next oil change will not include a visit to Norm's
3	Norm... I must be Frank.Sometimes, if I have high expectations for a place I do tend to be hypercritical.  Of course, like most reviews this is an assessment of weighted compensating factors.  It wasn't bad but I was expecting more.  If you are a breakfast place only - breakfast better be good!The place inside is more like a sandwich shop.  It is plain - not quite stark - but close.  I want a breakfast place to be warm and inviting.  If it is not warm and inviting, then I want bistro style... something.  There was literally no atmosphere here.The service was okay.  The kid was trying hard but he seemed uncomfortable.  I always thought serving tables at a breakfast place required zero talent but I realized that there is some level of ability to do this.  The Food; chicken fried steak, basted eggs, taters.  The chicken fried steak was tough.  It was okay to eat but it was tough and it lacked seasoning.  The basted eggs were sub par - I want NO color on my basted eggs!  Turn the heat down.  The taters were good.  The portions and the prices were good - some value here.The chicken fried steak was supposed to come with biscuits, but they were out.  I actually didn't mind this, because it was later in the day which tells me they make the biscuits fresh every day. I do appreciate the fact that this place was trying to be a quality homemade type of breakfast place.  This does cary weight in my review.  I would go back, for a second chance.  I just wanted more.   ** side note.  I saw the owner leave.  He got in his car that was parked right up front.  I hate that.  Why would you tie up a customer's parking spot?  Oy-veh!
5	Love the attentive staff, great eats all around... Not sure why others posting on here are giving this place such a poor rating.  I eat here at least twice a week as again I prefer locally owned Mom and Pop Cafes over "Dennys" or "IHOP".
2	I read yelp reviews for this place and decided to stop in with my hubby.The food was great and they have huge portions for about $8-10. It was fresh and my young waiter was polite and attentive...The only thing that really left a bad taste in my mouth was halfway through, I realized I did not get my hash browns and my hubby did not get his fruit bowl,which were included in the cost of our super breakfast combos (I forget the name exactly, but it was the first thing on the list).My hubby convinced me not to ask about it, since we already had such huge breakfasts. I still felt like "ya,but dammit, I'm paying for it." I was full, even after the shortage of hash browns, and I had to take pancakes home i was so stuffed.Other than that...its in a convenient location, the menu is simple, and on the back of the receipt, they stamped a $3 off coupon for fab freddy's carwash, should I want one of those.Not sure if I'd return...maybe with a groupon I would.
5	I've had Huevos Ranchero in alot of places and in alot of states, including Mexico... Norm hooks up THE BEST HUEVOS RANCHERO EVER ! ! ! its like a magic cure for my hangovers..I've also tried the biscuits and gravy, which was excellent and im very picky bout my biscuits n gravy :) It's very noticable that they use fresh ingredients and make everything "in-house"  the lunch menu looks very appetising also very importantly, AFFORDABLE. great views of the city and desert breeze park..This place is a goldmine, but dont tell anybody, cause i'll be pissed when it catches on and i gotta wait in line to get my huevos rancheros...its nice to see an owner operator..great personal touch
4	I had to get this up for Misti!Norm's Eggs Cafe is a spot for those who appreciate a simple, pleasant experience.The place is small and cozy. the menu is simple and this lends to the other qualities they exhibit. Because the menu is basic, the prices are low and the food is prepared quickly and consistently :) From a management standpoint, they must have considered all the things that make bigger places crappy and said "NOPE! Let's keep it simple"The floor space and tables are open, 2 of the walls are full windows, allowing in loads of natural light (and the building faces South East... Great for us, terrible for your vampire friends). Also, the cooking area is open, so you can see everything. Service: When you open the door, everyone working says "Hello" and "Good morning". My coffee was yummy, not gourmet, but not walmart brand. And the cup was never empty. Our server, Allison, was very friendly, helpful and patient with us.Food: Blueberry pancakes, 2 eggs over medium, bacon and some hash-browns, which were crispy brown on top. The potions were reasonable, as in, I actually ate most of what I was given and didn't feel like a damn pigThis is a place for those who like the old time feel. It reminds me of my favorite dinners in the North-East and the Mid-West. If you ever feel in love with a local spot in Arkansas or Kentucky, give Norm's a shot. I think they will earn your business.
3	I had been here a few times.  Twice with my boyfriend, and once with my step dad.  One out of two times I had a very good experience.  The simple little restaurant wasn't overly decorated and was just simple.  It's definitely how I like it.  There is a lot of lighting and has an open feeling to it.  The menu is also above the cashier and you're also given one when seated.  Immediately when entering the restaurant, we were greeted by the servers and owner with happy smiles.  It gives a lasting impression.The first time I came here I ordered Corned Beef Hash which is prepared with diced corned beef, potatoes, and onions served with eggs, and toast.  With this order, I also asked for a side of rice.  When I got home to dig in to my breakfast, I was disappointed because I had made sure to ask for jelly and butter and ketchup.  There was none in my to go bag.  There's no failure to corned beef hash especially when eaten with rice.  So, the tastes and flavors were expected and nothing special to it.  The second time I came here was with my step dad and ate in the restaurant with him.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros prepared with corn tortillas layered with beans, two fried eggs, and topped with melted cheese and ranchero sauce.  This was phenomenal.  The crunch of the corn tortilla mixed with the other ingredients together was like heaven in my mouth.  when adding the salsa, it makes it even better.  I would come back for this over and over again.The third time I was here was just this past Sunday with my boyfriend.  I ordered Steak and Eggs, an 8oz. sirloin steak served with two eggs, and fruit, and toast.  I had asked for medium steak with pink in the middle and over medium eggs.  When ordering eggs, it's very rare I get them ever right.  Like all the other restaurants, I got over easy eggs which ran all over my plate.  I think I'm going to have to ask for over hard to get over medium next time around.  As for my steak, it was well done.  The texture of the steak was very rubbery and chewy.  I might as well have bought beef jerky.  My boyfriend asked for scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon, potato hash, and toast.  He said his eggs had a weird taste to them, the potato hash was bland and needed seasoning.  He barely touched his bacon but found the sausages very tasty.The great thing I can say about this little mom and pop breakfast place is their servers.  They're very knowledgeable, attentive, and courteous.  When I ask them what they recommend, they are quick to give me one.  Thus knowing what the food taste like is apparent and that's very important.  On Sunday, when our server asked us how our food was, I couldn't hold it in and just had to tell him my experience.  I was expecting something of a defensive reaction but instead, he suggested he gave us a discount.  I have a hard time being a douche about it because to me, I ordered the food and ate some of it.  So, I should still pay for it, unless it was that disgusting.  In this case, it wasn't at that point.  He also suggested we wrote in their comment card, which we did.  I was delighted our server was willing to hear our opinion and was ready to make sure it doesn't happen again in future.I was tossing back and forth on whether I should give two stars or three stars.  The only reason why I chose to give three stars is because their service was very exceptional.  The food just needs a little more love to it.
4	Found this spot right around the corner from my house. It was a quick stop for my son's breakfast before school. Didn't have time to review the menu but my son wanted some bacon, eggs and pancakes. We ordered the super breakfast combo which is 3 eggs, bacon, ham, sausage patty, pancakes and hash brown or fruit. We upgraded the pancakes to the banana nut and substituted rice instead of hash browns. Portion size was huge, my son and I shared and took home some of the leftover pancakes. The banana nut pancakes were great, you could taste the bananas and every few bites you got some nuts. For our first visit which was a quick stop we really enjoyed our breakfast and what we paid about $10. Plan to come back to check out more of the menu.
5	We loved it. We will be back. The only problem was choosing as there were a bunch of things that looked great. We will be back. Our food (lemon ricotta pancakes, chicken noodle soup, chicken pot pie) was excellent.
2	This was my first time at Norm's Eggs Cafe with my family. It was my husband's idea and we had checked out the menu before actually stepping foot into the place. The menu looked good and the prices were reasonable, so we went for it. Unfortunately, the food wasn't that great. My husband's Chicken Curry was slightly bland and the rice was tough and sticky. My Loco Moco lacked flavor, the overhard egg was runny in the middle and the hamburger was hard and crunchy. The kids were satisfied with their Denver Omelettes, Cheese Omelet and Chicken Caesar Wrap. But, the kicker was that soft drinks were served by the can with a glass full of ice at 1.25 each. I had a case of pop in the car, and I was so tempted to tell the kids if they wanted refills, they better go to the car. This will probably be my last visit. I do have one positive thing, the coffee was pretty good.
2	I have driven by this place quite often and wondered how the food was. My husband and I decided to stop in for breakfast the other morning. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted right away and were told to sit down at any table. It's a small cafe, but very clean and the employees were friendly.I ordered the corned beef hash, which was pretty horrible. Most of it was burnt and it just did not taste good overall. Honestly, buying corned beef hash in a can from the grocery store and making it myself would have been more delicious! After I took a few bites and stopped, our server came back with a plate of hash browns and said "sorry, the cook forgot to put this underneath your corned beef hash." I don't know how you can screw up hash browns, but they were very bland, even with a lot of ketchup! My meal was also supposed to come with a side of fruit, but I never got it. Oh boy, strike 3!My husband ordered the loco moco and said it was alright. He was disappointed because it was supposed to come with rice, but instead they put hash browns!? If they didn't have rice available for some reason, they should at least let us know! Our bill was $14, which wasn't bad. But I thought the food was just horrible. I also think they need to be more organized to avoid all the careless mistakes they have been making. Sorry Norm, I won't be back!
4	Cute little cafe that is close to home and was very good!  My husband and I decided to try it for breakfast, we had heard about their version of red velvet pancakes and thought it might be good.The service was great, but then there was only one other table.  We got the red velvet pancakes and the lemon ricotta pancakes.  I love the idea of a sweet cream cheese frosting.  I do agree with my husband, the lemon ricotta needed a little bit more lemon flavor but overall, it was good.The menu is simple and has some interesting lunch items.  I think it's worth a trip back to check it out.
5	Have only been here once. Service was excellent! Food was great! I had the chicken fried steak...so yummy. But the best part of the meal was the biscuit!
3	3.5 stars.I wanted blueberry pancakes and I saw the prices and I was like I can't beat that! So we decided to come here on a Saturday morning around 10 am? Anyways, this lady sat a whole bunch of us at the bar which was probably not the best idea since she was also our server. She ended up taking orders from the different groups (there was 4 different groups at the bar) not in the order from which we came in so it probably took a good 15-20 minutes before she took our order. I ended up with the blueberry pancake special and the husband ordered the loco moco special ($5.99). My breakfast was pretty big, 3 turkey bacon (yes, you can ask for a substitute), 2 eggs, hashbrowns and 3 pancakes. The pancakes were pretty good, the blueberries were fresh but I just wished there was more blueberries in the pancake itself. Hashbrowns were not fully cooked so they didn't taste right. Other than that everything was ok, but I think what makes up for it is the price. Breakfast should not be more than 20 bucks for 2 people. Service was a bit slow at times, but overall you get what you pay for. I think its decent for what it is.
4	Here we go:Went to try it out at 10:30am, wanted lunch but that doesn't start until 11am, no biggie.1 My wife and I were greeted as soon as we walked in, seat yourself2 Menu was standard diner food3 Service was prompt and friendly4 True test for me, corned beef hash, thought it might be from a can, which is way to common, it was not!! Scratch made and awesome! The crust on it and the hashbrowns were off the hook. Eggs were cooked perfectly5 Wife had blueberry pancakes, which had fresh blueberries in them and a nice blueberry compote on top, eggs cooked perfect, bacon cooked perfect6 Restaurant was clean, bathrooms were clean7 The food was great quality, price was very niceIt's nice to have a "mom n pop" type diner in my neighborhood finally. Tired of IHOP n Dennys, Check out this place, going back for lunch soon. Also daily specials and some asian dishes
4	Went for lunch, I had the turkey club n fries, $6.95, a lot of food! Very good. Wife had the reuben sandwich with fries, $6.50, very good also. The club was pretty big, ate the other half and other half of fries for dinner. Check this place out.
2	So I went out today to go eat at another restaurant but it was closed. So I defaulted to Norm's. The service was good. But I don't go to a restaurant only for the service. If a restaurant has really good food and the service isn't really good I will still go to the restaurant. I ordered the chicken fried steak. It was that good. Had a good portion of steak but it wasn't really good. Pretty bland tasting. The eggs were under cooked to my liking. The hashbrowns were okay. Nothing amazing. They don't have a very large selection.The prices are okay but they add up quick when you add cheese to your omelet or cream cheese to your bagel. I did not get those but my friend did get the omelet and a bagel. He didn't add cheese to his omelet but he did get a side of cream cheese for his bagel and I think it was over a dollar.The restaurant was clean though. That is a plus. I probably wouldn't be coming back here or really recommend it to my friends.
4	A great alternative to the other brunch places I frequent. Absolutely as good as the other go-to places in Las Vegas. I eat at the counter because the staff is so friendly. I typically get the veggie omelette with egg whites, and I havent been disappointed.The price is really reasonable as well. Go check it out!
4	Great new breakfast place, and I love that they open at 6am compared to most places at 7am or 8am.  They do have the BEST french toast I have had in a very long time.  They use actual cinnamon bread for their french toast!  AMAZING!!!
5	went with my family yesterday....this place is great!  Service fast and friendly.   will be going back for sure~
5	Awesome. Very good!
4	This place is right around the corner from me and I never tried it until today. Service was great and everyone was very friendly. Food was great especially the lemon ricotta pancakes. Will go again for sure.
2	It's a mom-and-popish spot but the food is less than decent. I ordered the Korean breakfast, and my rice was dry: it was crispy from being aged. My salmon was very bland, and the egg was tooooo salty. The only redeeming item on my plate was the kimchee, but to be fair, they don't prep kimchee...My beau ordered steak and eggs. The steak was too cooked when he ordered medium rare. When he got his correct steak, it still wasn't appetizing. My mother got an omelette that she didn't even touch... So I can't really have an opinion on that other than there was too much egg and not enough stuffing from the outside.The best part was the red velvet pancakes. If you end up here, I'd say get that even if you're on a diet or you will be unhappy with your food.It is cheap though so you do get what you pay for. Service is OK, alert but not excessive.
5	I love their service here. I had the Super Breakfast...Pancakes were awesome and scrambled soft eggs. Good off-the-strip neighborhood restaurant since Del Mar Cafe is out of biz, this is my new fav.
3	It's a breakfast place with the typical breakfast items. I ordered the regular eggs and bacon dish and it was as expected. One thing I did notice that they have breakfast specialties like a Chinese breakfast with congee, which I was surprised to see. I wasn't in the mood but was impressed that they have out of the box breakfast options. Next time I will try it out.
3	Great food!  The lox and cream cheese scramble was delicious and I've never seen that on any other breakfast menu before. Only downfall...service was really slow.
5	Great food and service the lemon ricotta pancakes are awesome
2	Service was ok but not inviting. The country fried steak was terrible. We also has the BLT sandwich which was good. The fries and hash browns were plain. They have a cheap lunch menu but I will not return to try it.
2	I have no idea how this place has so many good ratings - even from people with many reviews.  I've driven by here many times and knew from my Yelp app it had good ratings.  However, I was a little hesitant to come here because most of the people whose reviews I follow and deem reliable did not give this place a good rating.  Should have listened to them.  Basically, the food is not very good.  It's NOT bad...but it's not even average for a breakfast place.I had country fried steak and eggs.  The eggs were too runny (ordered over medium) and the CFS was just bad.  Bland, tough, and the gravy served on top was really thick and useless.  It was small, too.  Came with a biscuit -  bland, chewy, and dense.  I'm not accusing the folks who run Norms of successfully manipulating people into giving it a high rating.  I have no proof of that.  But, yeah, that's what they did.  I'd bet plenty of dough on it.  Good for them, I guess.There's literally 30+ places within 10 minute drive from here that are loads better for breakfast.  And the price isn't really cheap, either.  Looks like they raised prices above what they used to be.I really feel like giving this 1 star for the fact that so many reviews from before were not accurate or biased.  But I don't know for sure so I'll give it a deuce.
4	We love Norm"s for a quick meal.  There is a nice variety of items and the staff is super friendly and also make you feel welcome. Of course the price is friendly too
3	Tried this place today because Baby Stacks is usually so busy and I had been wanting to give it a go for a while. After this one visit all I can say is it is mediocre and I am not eager to come back. The service was good - not fantastically attentive but very friendly. We had 4 different waitresses over the course of the meal so it seems they rely on each other which is fine. My plate was pretty disappointing. I ordered the corned beef hash with eggs over-easy and fruit instead of hash browns. They gave me hash browns as a mistake but immediately brought over a cup of fruit, which was a mug of cantaloupe and orange only but fresh. My first complaint is the eggs - they looked cooked but once I cut into the yolk there was a lot of clear raw egg white. This just isn't appetizing to me so I had to scoop a lot of it and the hash it ran into off my plate. Second complaint is the corned beef in the hash. It just wasn't very good. The beef is in cubes, not shredded, so the consistency was chewy and the flavor was slightly amiss. I tried the hash browns since they were there but they were pretty greasy and soggy. My English muffin didn't come with butter on it so I asked for some and it was really cold, too cold to spread. It may seem that I am being nit-picky but breakfast should be easy especially when it is this simple. Overall the people are nice and my bf enjoyed his steak and eggs for what it was. Next time, though, I think I'll brave the crowd at baby Stacks.
1	EDIT- I just found this draft I forgot to post. I went here back in mid-June, just for the record. Thanks for ruining my morning, Norm's Eggs Cafe!! The place is bright and clean, the people were friendly, and the wifi was free. I ordered their  big breakfast combination from a fairly simple menu. Also a cup of black coffee and a diet coke. The soda came in a can , and the coffee was hot and pretty good. I got my food and it looked pretty good too! The pancakes were decent, nothing spectacular but pancakes are pretty good no matter what right? I had ordered my eggs over medium, but I don't really think they were cooked quite enough. These things weren't a very big deal, but I then noticed my hash browns were swimming in grease. So was my sausage, and on closer inspection , so were the eggs. I don't mind a little grease because we all know that makes things taste better! But if you feel it congealing in your throat with every bite maybe it's time to rethink your cooking technique.I would have nicely ask them to remake my food, except nobody ever bothered to come check on me. Not 1 refill of my coffee despite sitting at the bar directly in front of a full coffee pot. Not 1 reappearance of my waiter to see how things were even though my food was untouched. Twice, I thought someone was going to check on me, but it turned out they were just taking their break at the bar a few seats down from me. How nice that their food was cooked as they liked and their cups were full!   finally some lady came over and asked how everything was. I told her it was too greasy for me to eat. Her honest to god response? "Next time, tell the cook to make it with less grease."Well if you have to tell the cook how to make food edible, and you can't get a warm up on your coffee, what is the point of even eating breakfast here?? If you have an answer for that, maybe this place is for you. But if you would rather not start your day angry you just dropped $12  on inedible crap , a single cup of coffee, and a can of soda , just don't bother with this place
1	Bad all the way around. Service sucked. Steak was raw. Biscuit and gravy was so bad I would not have gave it to my dog. The eggs sucked. Everything was shitty. This place should close down asap.
4	It's comfortable and personal.  Norm is usually there and adds charm to the place.  The servers have all been there for a long time (some since it first opened), which speaks volumes about the type of place and people here.  If you come here a few times, they will recognize you and greet you like a friend.  The red velvet pancakes are a favorite for my kids.  The jian-bing (chinese pancake with eggs) is excellent.  Steak and eggs are very so-so.  Omelettes are very good with generous portions of potatoes.  Early on, the fruit cups were pretty bad, but Norm took the feedback and improved the quality of the fruit significantly.  All in all, a good place for the first cup of coffee.
4	We needed to go to Desert Breeze Park but it was 10:30am and we were starving.  I've passed by Norm's Eggs Cafe before and seeing the crowded parking lot...we decided to give it a shot.  We walked in at the first thing I noticed were the open doors and the fact that the A/C wasn't on.  I was about to leave and asked the owner (I believe this was Norm) whether the A/C was broken.  He said he would turn it on and he did.  Our family of five ordered:  Red Velvet Pancakes, Corned Beef Hash, Southern Fried Chicken, and Heuvos Rancheros.  The prices here are very reasonable with everything under $10.  The Red Velvet Pancakes were excellent.  I prefer Baby Cakes but these were very tasty.The Corn Beef Hash was excellent.  Homemade hash and very well done.  The Southern Fried Chicken was okay,  The meat was a little tough.  The hash brown portion a little small.  The biscuit was a little dry.The Huevos Rancheros were pretty flavorful and tasty.  Service was really good.  Prices were great.  I would return if we were in the area.Thanks Norm!
2	The place is small, which I don't mind. I feel it could use some cozy decorations and definetely needs some seats for customers who need to wait to be seated; like my party had to. There was a huge party of about 18 people, which I'm sure they weren't expecting. So, understandably the service was very slow. The food was fine; nothing spectacular. It could have been hotter when brought out to the table, but I know I'm particular about that. I will give them one more shot becauase they were understaffed due to the large unexpected party. However, if I come back and one of the cooks, who happens to be the owner, is not wearing a cap while he's cooking as the health code in NV requires, I will never come back. The code is their to  prevent hair and sweat falling into the food being prepared and that is just gross!
3	Good selections of omelets and other breakfast items. The husband and I stopped in for breakfast he had the Denver omelet. I couldn't resist the tomato basil omelet because it's not something you see every day. Both were solid. Breakfast was under $20 and they had us in and out in hurry. Last of a dying breed.
3	My boyfriend and I saw this place while taking our dogs to the groomer. I was rather excited thinking their menu would be something along the lines of The Cracked Egg and Egg Works.The staff is very friendly and the menu items looked enticing. I ordered the Red Velvet pancakes since many reviews stated that it was one of their better dishes. Well, it was ok. I have tasted better. It tasted like a cream cheese pancake. My boyfriend ordered the Belgium Waffles and he asked if he could get strawberries on top or even strawberry syrup. They stated that they did not have fruits or fruit flavored syrup. This was rather astonishing to discover. His waffles were soggy inside and out. A Belgium waffle should be hard or crunchy I should say on the outside, and soft on the inside. I think that people should give it a shot, but personally I would rather go to another breakfast/lunch place.
5	The early you get here the better! This place gets so busy but it's so good! The red velvet pancakes are delicious! Also, Norm is so nice! Never bad service! Always delicious food!
5	I catch my breakfast about 2 times a week here.  The staff is friendly and know what I want before I sit down.  I like the traditional menu and stick with the basics.  That's what I like, they do have other creative things on the menu but I just like my omlete.
4	A nice change of pace from the cookie-cutter breakfast places. Decent food at a decent price with a friendly staff. If your looking for a nice small business to spend your breakfast or lunch money on, then this is it.
5	Norm's has become my go to breakfast joint in Summerlin. The food is good, service is good, good is ample and wifi is free and fast. The bread/toast is excellent and may be my favorite part of the meal when I order eggs. The wheat pancakes are probably my favorite thing on the menu.
5	I love Norm's. The food is good and a little unique. The owner is always walking around making sure people are happy. I go there regularly. If you want a good breakfast with a smile visit norms. I love their corned beef hash. The five star is because I rate it amongst other resteraunts of the same type.
4	Service was amazing. It has a small town, everyone knows everyone feel to it. The owner always comes to the tables to check if everything came out alright. Portion sizes were pretty big and always fresh. They always keep the menu fresh by having Daily/weekly specials. There's outdoor seating so if you want to bring your pooch to breakfast you're more than welcome. There's a great view of the strip while your eating so it's a great start to your day.
5	Great food - Very nice service! Great neighborhood breakfast spot!  Went in there for the first time with my wife and 3 yr old.  The waitress was super nice, walked my daughter over to the deli case to pick out her juice like a big girl.  My daughter loved it! French toast was outstanding!!  We're definitely going back soon.
5	As you can see, I rarely, if even write positive reviews. Yelp is my place to vent about bad business, but I genuinely love this place. Inside and out, from the food to the staff, this place has it all. Their menu, though it isn't as lavish as Eggworks or other breakfast places around, has everything you need in a breakfast. The owner has been there every time we've come in and they really seem to appreciate your business, basically you're not just another person.
1	Gross. My son had soccer games across the street. Between games we decided to grab brunch. Norm's was so close we figured it was the best bet. The place was packed which I took as a good sign. However we were seated at a small, dirty table that I soon realized had small ants crawling on it. There was nowhere else for us to move. I killed the tiny ants, and noticed many were on the window pane next to us. But, yeah, who wants to eat with ants crawling around? So, then our order comes and my son goes to pick up his fork which he realizes is crusted in old food. We asked for a new fork, no big deal. But it just makes you start to wonder. My son said his pancakes were fine. Nothing special but not bad. I had a basil omelet. Basil is the last thing I'd call bland and yet, my omelet had zero flavor. I could see the basil leaves cooked right in there and yet there was no taste at all. The latte I ordered was terrible too. It was not a good experience and, mostly due to cleanliness, we will not be back.
1	Bad bad service is the summary of this review. I was here on a Saturday morning around 9:30 and Norm's had a pretty good crowd. There were a few empty tables, maybe 1 outside and 2 inside but it was close to full. We walked in, party of 2, and were seated at a small 2 top along the windows. As we were seated our drink order was taken...and that was it. After twenty-two minutes without a glass of water or a simple "have you been waited on?" we walked out. It took twenty-two minutes to decide there would be no need to return to Norm's. Of all the employees that shuffled past, going about their chores, not one could be bothered to offer their services. Yuck.
3	It's....eggs. Nothing fancy or out of this world, but I find myself eating here about every other Sunday morning. I sit outside, watch the people at the park,catch up on emails(their WIFI is fast) and indulge my Eggs Benedict addiction.
4	Food was great.  Took the kids After the soccer game. Would recommend the place for most families. Lunch is good too. Thanks guys.
4	Always a good alternative to the chain type restaurants, quick service and good food makes for a pleasant change of pace.
5	Awesome food.  The staff is wonderfull, as for the negative reviews.  Well norm only uses fresh ingredients and greatness takes time.  This is great food not fast food.
5	My Husband and I have been here three times and we have been very satisfied. The food is very good and the staff always friendly.
4	Great service and great food.  The Owner really wants to make sure your happy worth your meal. My husband said the waitresses are hot!!  Lol!!  Great little Cafe for breakfast or lunch!!
5	Great little cafe! The food is amazing and they have some unique dishes on their breakfast menu. The lox scramble is my favorite! The staff is very friendly and down to earth and Norm is such a genuine guy! I stop in for lunch every now and then when I feel like I need some comfort food. There is something on the menu for everyone. I definitely recommend to anyone looking for great food at good prices!
5	Food is great! Service is even better. I am always satisfied with my experience each time I come here, and prices are extremely reasonable. Good job Norm!
3	Do you live on the West side of town? Are you looking for a no-frills joint for breakfast or lunch? Norm's just may be your place.This restaurant specializes in breakfast items ranging from omelettes to pancakes. Lunch items include HUGE salads, sandwiches, and some specials for $5.99. Dang, you won't break the bank! I have had - The Cobb Salad - large and in charge. Comes with hardboiled egg, chicken, bacon, ham, feta cheese, and your choice of dressing. Although the salad is large and filling I was missing the green. The salad was made up primarily of iceberg lettuce. Meh.Curry Chicken Lunch Special - I'm not sure what possessed me to order this, but to put it bluntly: it was not good. The sauce was like gravy, the chicken had a been-frozen-flavor, and the rice was not cooked very well. Just steer clear of this one.Service is great. Prices are great. It's a decent spot, it's A-OK. Nothing wrong here, nothing really bad, but nothing really great either.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 2/100Maybe it'd be a good idea to modify my new years resolution and add 'try more breakfast places' because I can't bear the thought of having missed this & many other brekkie gems all these years. Plus, it gives me a good excuse to bike it up and hit Desert Breeze Park for a walk before I head here, all famished!My mom, who raised me on traditional values, has never been one to eat out for breakfast. The whole logic of which has mainly been 'if we can make our own breakfast, why pay a fortune just to have someone else make the same thing?' but then again, for someone who's always on the lookout for something new, I convinced her to try the Red Velvet Pancakes at Norms Eggs with me. Now she's absolutely spellbound and pulled ME out of bed yesterday to head there! What I love most about the cafe is the warm smiles that greet us every time we go through the doors. Mommy, too, found our server, Teresa, very endearing. We would be checked up on every so often during our meal and for awhile, Teresa paused for a delightful conversation with us. We shared a short stack of red velvet pancakes with a drizzle of light cream cheese syrup and got a pair of sunnyside-up eggs, house fries & toast from the breakfast special. Prices are very reasonable, if not cheap. We paid only about $11 for our meal and left carbo-loaded for the day.
3	I enjoy Norm's Eggs Cafe as one of those places that never really lets you down. The food is always on par no matter what you order, the service is always quick and pleasant, and the place always seems to have an available table.I have visited several times and have ordered various high-protein entrees and breakfast items such as the Chicken Fried Steak and the Steak and Eggs meal.The highlight of the $7.99 Chicken Fried Steak is the gravy. I love gravy. I love all types of gravy. But the gravy here at Norm's is phenomenal! The chicken fried steak itself is served with two eggs cooked to your liking, homemade biscuits, and choice of potato or fruit.The $8.95 Steak and Eggs meal was pretty cut and dry. I typically order my steaks medium rare as I have learned there is more potential for flavor this way. It came out a little too done, which is fine as I am not as picky as most eaters. It was a bit dry and a bit tough to cut through and I was thankful the server had brought me a steak knife and some A1 sauce. The steak itself was 8 oz., and came with two eggs, choice of potato or fruit, and also toast.All in all, my experiences here were okay. I'd much rather frequent Norm's than an IHOP or a Denny's when it comes to breakfast type food. Also, be sure to give their $3.99 breakfast menu a peak! Not too shabby.
5	I have been here many times with my boyfriend and the owner actually remembers us! The staff and the atmosphere makes you feel like you're at home. Today I got the steak and eggs that comes with hash browns and toast. This is my default meal when I eat here. For a little over $9 this meal is worth it. It's filling and it tastes great! Surprisingly, their toast is also really good. To be honest, I only get this meal so I can't really review on other dishes. This rating is based in their steak and eggs, Norm the owner, and the staff.
2	Bleh. I'm shocked this place has such good reviews. The food here was not great. I left really disappointed.I only ordered 2 egg whites scrambled, and they were slimy and undercooked. My friend got the loco moco and it wasn't even put together (meat patty goes on top of rice, topped with egg!) - all of the elements were separate on the plate and there was no gravy. Overall, the food was bland and not even worth the reasonable menu prices.The only saving grace here was the staff. I feel bad writing this review because I hope it is not a reflection of them. They were all very sweet, attentive, and quick. I'd urge the management to have a look at your recipes. The food could use a change up.
5	My go to place for breakfast and lunch! LOVE their hamburgers and fries! Their wraps are delicious and of course, can't go wrong with the pancakes, potatoes, and eggs! Hands down, my favorite place!
3	Wanted to eat breakfast and this was the next choice since my other place was packed. I ordered the steak and eggs with a side of red velvet pancakes. Steak was plain tasting and I had to use A1 steak sauce. A ok food. But average I would say.
1	Went here on our way out of town since we pass it so often and wanted to give it a try.  When we arrived it took a minute to be seated and once the hostess was available she placed in the very back corner by the bathrooms, not an ideal spot but considering the lack of space in the place, we didn't complain. I looked at the menu hoping to have a mimosa as a celebratory item for our mini getaway and instead ordered a soda since they did not offer alcohol. This is where the trouble began...The soda and waters that we ordered came back rather quickly. The soda was brought in the can with an extra glass, I explained to the waitress/hostess I would not need the extra glass, if you were going to give me the can and charge me the same as a fountain drink I would just drink it out of the can. We went ahead and placed our orders, he had steak and eggs and I ordered the huevos rancheros, the waitress commented on how good they were. It took a little bit for them to come back with our food and I'm pretty sure there was some sort of shift change or something because all of a sudden there were new waitresses and people sat after us were receiving their food. Finally a new waitress came back and brought our food out.The steak and eggs was sad looking. The 8 oz steak was a little overdone for medium and frankly way to small for that big mean plate. My huevos rancheros....were not huevos rancheros...I have never been so repulsed by a plate. Under the mountain of melted and slightly burned cheese was some more grease with bell peppers, carrots, tomatoes, and then the eggs and beans and somewhere underneath that was the tortilla. The beautiful part about huevos rancheros are the eggs and I couldn't even find them. After a few minutes of trying to get past the carrots, which if I had known that they were on there I never would have ordered this item, I gave up and felt sick. I had run out of soda and water and steak and eggs was out of water too and for the life of me the new waitresses would not come back to give us anything else...I told steak and eggs that I was going to the bathroom and he could send my food away..After a small upheaval in the bathroom, I came out and he was explaining to the manager Norm that I did not like my food on the advice of his waitress and Norm asked me what was wrong with it...Sorry Norm, I didn't have the time. Just look up a better recipe. He said he would have offered to exchange my order out but honestly, if your cooks can not prepare a simple dish of a tortilla, beans, eggs, and salsa and maybe some cheese, I can not take the chance. All in all, I'm glad I am the minority of this place.
4	Good overall experience and food was quite good.. Service was ok, we went on a mid Saturday morning and they were busy!!
3	Didn't know what to eat at home so I decided to try this place out this morning. The prices are decent and the amount of food is a pretty good portion. I got the Steal and Eggs which came with toast and fruit. I loved the staff and Norm was actually there in person. It's a very friendly place to eat in and I would definitely consider going back.
5	Love this place.  I've been looking for eggs benedict here for a while (I always end up at Timbers for breakfast!) and this place has it!  Not only do they have the OG benedict, they have specialty ones (crab cake benedict?! On the list to try!)Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and I will be back to this place again!  It's small, diner-y, friendly service and good food.
4	It's been awhile since I last reviewed Norm's two years ago. This is a no frills, no fluff, good place to eat at exceptional value. Their breakfasts are spot on with good portions and quality. Most noticeably are their eclectic fruit options...half papayas, fresh coconut! Really? In Vegas! Kudos!
1	I was really excited for this place, but I ordered food to go and was disappointed with it. I tried calling ahead and placing an order, but the phone number said to try call again later. Called back and it rang, but no answer. Tried my whole way there (10 minutes) and got no answer! Finally got there and ordered and was told 15 minutes. 20 minutes later I was given my red velvet pancakes and was headed back to my grandmas. They didn't put any butter in the bag, only 2 containers of the "cream cheese frosting". The actual pancakes were good, but I had to eat them dry because the "frosting" tasted like melted whipped cream so it was very bland. Maybe other stuff is better? Next time I'll try somewhere else!
4	I've eaten here a few times now. Norm's is something of a hidden gem. The food is good, if not extravagant.  You can't beat the price for the quality and quantity. It has a diner feel with a great little bar where you can actually hear the person with whom you're talking.
3	I went to Norm's on Saturday for lunch. I had the roast beef pannini it was great I loved it 5 stars!  However I went back yesterday for breakfast and got the chicken fried steak hands down the most disgusting thing I ever ate. The biscuit was so hard it would like a brick even the waitress couldn't believe it. That being said without me even asking they took it off the bill. Because lunch was so excellent on Saturday I might try this place one more time.
4	Blueberry pancakes, eggs, bacon & fruit - all for around $7 - winner winner. Shared with my daughter. The food was great, Eggs cooked perfectly. They were busy and the servers were busy, but still friendly and helpful. The owner walked around when he had a minute to fill coffee & check on tables. I was so full when I left!
3	I am only giving this 3 stars because the chocolate pancakes and Hawaiian papaya was good.  Everything else such as the loco moco wasn't very good.  First of all its stacked and not placed on a plate separate.  If you are going to serve it, serve it right! The other Asian specialty with the porridge was horrible! And to top it off, someone needs to teach the cook how to cook rice! It was so hard I almost barfed! This isn't a hidden gem in my eyes. There are many other better breakfast places in Las Vegas!
3	Enjoy the breakfast menu, but stay away from the lunch features.The recent saying, "you don't order speghetti at a Sushi Bar" applies to this place.They have a nice variety for a breakfast menu, eggs, pancakes, wafflels, etc., but stay away from things they would serve for a lunch.My wife was desparate, and ordered the Terriaki Chicken. it was really sad, and the nice young lady serving us, took it back. She then brought out the Chicken Curry, It was even worse. Very salty, and no flavor. She offered to take it off the check, but we're not "free loaders", and we learned by our mistake. Service is very friendly, and good. Price is okay, for Breakfast. Go here, but stick to what they know best, Breakfast. I endorse the Lumber Jack Breakfast.
1	My wife and i had breakfast 8/15/14. Saw the tables outside so we could bring the dog. Wife meal was fine. I had the ham and cheese omelette with home fries. Menu has along side the ham and cheese omelette.. onions bell peppers and something else. Told the waitress I have that.  No cheese on my ham and cheese. Told her that it had no cheese. Then she said it was a Denver omelette. Thats when i just ate it. Had just a little home fries. How come they can`t fill the plate. Went there hungry and went home hungry. New place to us....won`t go back. Just want to be fed.
5	I would come here at least once a week when I lived in Vegas. They have great breakfast concepts and the food is always fresh! I made it a point to come back when I visited recently and Norm has not lost a step. Thank you for being my favorite breakfast and lunch spot in west Vegas!
4	I got the chicken fried steak and eggs. I only give it 4 stars because my steak was not too flavorful. I did hpwever, enjoy their buttermilk biscuits. I also had their blueberry pancakes which were out of this world. They had fresh blueberries (not frozen) and I could tell their batter wasnt pre made powdered crap. It was delicious. The only thing I didn't like was my steak. The service was wonderful and everything else perfect. Next time I just wont get the steak.
1	We had breakfast there today.  My husband ordered an english muffin with his breakfast. Never received it. His bacon was pre cooked and greasy. I had the Chicken fried steak. As others have noted, it was horrible. Had some kind of egg batter on it. It was obviously pre made and reheated. The worst part was that it tasted like it was old and starting to spoil. It tasted terrible! The gravy was gooey and tasteless. We will never go back. The cook did not have a hat on as required by health code!
1	If I could I would this place 1/2 a star, is was disgusting.  I ordered the vegetable hash, I asked for no eggplant and egg whites, my whole plate was nothing but eggplant,  and everything was wet. When the server came to clear the table he reached over me while I was eating and almost stuck his hand in my mouth. Every person that ordered food with us was disappointed.  Never will I eat here again.
3	The rating is accurate on this place. Service was pretty friendly. The kitchen is slow. We were the last to be served. The food was ok, no better than what you would get at a casino, minus the smoke.
2	I hate writing bad reviews because rarely do businesses deserve them. But the amount of pain I'm in from a gluten reaction is pretty bad. The food wasn't good aside from the fact that I'm doubled over in pain right now. The ham and cheese omelet was really just a ham omelet with a slice of kraft american "cheese". I don't like paying for mediocre food with chemical cheese. I also got a cup of fruit that was mushy and had a hair laying on top of the melon. I was brought a new one but it was still mushy. I'm not a picky eater and tend to think the best of the food I'm served, but this was bad. I was told the omelets were all gluten free, but not even half way through I started having the terrible pains of a reaction. I figure it was the ham being cured in something. The water was tap and tasted bad as well. Overall, not someplace I'm coming back to.
4	The burrito I had for breakfast was amazing. My wife and I were both impressed by both the quality of the food and the speed of service. The location was easy to find, and it was "seat yourself". Prices were in the $7-10 range and we will definitely be back to try other things from the menu. If you're looking for a breakfast that you recognize but with a twist then you should give this place a try. It was great!
3	I had the chicken frittata and a cup of coffee. Food was okay, but nothing spectacular. Service was good.
5	I've been going to Norm's since he first opened. The food is fairly priced and very good for filling breakfast food. Lunch is good too. The cafe is a perfect mom and pop shop where you're recognized when you come in and Norm (the owner) is pretty much always there. Working next door I like that I can wander over for a cup of hot chicken noodle soup or orange juice when I'm sick or to get a quick, healthier bite instead of McDonald's down the street.
2	Another breakfast joint checked out.Driving on Durango, you cant help but notice their big sign stating that they have the best Eggs Benedict. Since my wife loved Eggs Benedict, we stopped off one sunday morning at 9 am to check it out. The menus they give you have breakfast on one side and lunch on the other. You can order anything on either side at any time.So my wifey went with the Eggs Benedict ($8.95), my son went with the Club Sandwich ($8.95), and I went with the Barbeque Bacon Burger ($8.50).The Eggs Benedict were ok. Nothing really wowed me about it and my wife agreed. The Club Sandwich on sourdough was not bad either. My son said he has had better Club Sandwiches at least two other places. As for my Barbeque Bacon Burger, it was on point meaning that it was really good. You get a half pound patty cooked to your liking (I got it medium rare which they cooked  perfect), lettuce, tomatoes, barbeque sauce and of course, bacon. It was a very good burger. Matter of fact I was not hungry again until dinner time that evening.Service was hit and miss. We got sat down right away. Got our orders in a timely manner and refills on water were constant. What bothered me was that when I asked for the check, our server said she would be right back with it. 10 minutes later we havent heard from her. So we decided to go straight to the cash register to pay.Overall, for a breakfast joint, everything seemed to average out to about 9 to 10 bucks a plate. I was not impressed at all with their Eggs Benedict. I'm not in any rush to come back here any time soon.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #192
5	I went here twice,  once for lunch/dinner. Yesterday I was craving breakfast food. I just wanted a simple ham and cheese omelette, hash browns, and bacon. Normally, any inexpensive restaurant I go to for breakfast disappoints me. They undercook the eggs, overcook the bacon, and the hashbrown are never crispy. Let me tell you, I was in breakfast HEAVEN yesterday!!! Everything was cooked exactly how I would've made it at home. It was absolutely delicious, and inexpensive. Our waiter (I forgot his name) was so nice and attentive. I am definitely going to be a regular for breakfast food! The fact that it's down the street from my house is a total bonus!
5	Fantastic food at a great price. Friendly staff. I will definitely keep coming back for more.
4	A simple restaurant as far as you don't get bothered while eating or feel out of your element. The food is delicious and priced fairly. I've had breakfast foods only but both the sweeter side (pancakes and stuff) and the heartier side (huevos rancheros) are delicious. Norm is always there which is comforting.
