5	Since I was younger my dad made it a point to take us to the Osterich Festival and I have enjoyed it every year! The beer isn't cheap or good, but the environment and company make it worth it!
4	First year living in phoenix and we heard about this Festival ( i guess it is a yearly thing) and we went to go check it out. We had so much fun. we went during the night hours so i cannot tell you about how the daytime is. Food, beer, rides, games, music, crap to buy, people to watch, they also had a seal show and some flaming fire show as well even rode a mechanical bull for my first time ( and yes i rode it like a champ for my 1st time :0 ). All kinds of food to choose from and depending if you know how to let your inner kid out this place can def be fun for people of all age groups! We had a blast ,glad we went.
5	I had zero expectations for The Ostrich Festival. This festival delivered beyond my wildest dreams.Parking - easy, $5, volunteers were super helpful and walked me to a premier parking spot right in front of the entrance. I came back later in the night and told them I had already paid earlier in the day, and once again they led me to an awesome parking spot at no additional charge.Admission - $10. Their was a groupon and I wished we had purchased it, but I think $10 is fair. They take credit card.Beer - $5 for 12 oz. shock tops. For a festival of this nature, I consider that quite a bargain. And thank god we were not all stuck with bud and bud light.Entertainment - extremely interesting but also extremely crowded. You can still see the ostrich, emu, and camel races above all the tall folks in front of you though. Pig races were impossible to see. Food - Like the state fair, but cheaper and better with more choices. They had ostrich burgers, although I did not have one. Carnival - they had the normal amusement park games and rides. We did not partake but the lines seemed short.Music - With the cost of admission we got entrance into an Eddie Money concert, FTW! He sounded great and the joint was packed. Totally fun and totally worth going back for in the evening.People watching - not as hick as I expected, but still it was fun to just sit around and watch the attendees.We will definitely be back next year. Thank you, Ostrich Festival!
2	I am reviewing the 2011 festival.BLEH! Seriously, this was gross. There was mud, everywhere. It was kinda funny watching people getting their feet stuck, but once it happened to me all the humor was gone. My shoes were ruined so I kinda feel like they owe me Forty-Five dollars. Anyway, the rides were alright, the food was ehh, all in all everything was way over priced and when I went to the stage to listen to music there wasn't any. Not gonna pay all that money again next year.
4	We had a pretty darn good time.Decided to take my two nieces to the festival.  Our total cost for 3 of us w/ 2 bracelets before food and extras was $64 - and the girls got on almost every ride, even the big, scary ones!  We went on a Friday at 4ish and the crowd was perfect and relaxed.. absolutely no lines.  Come 6pm, though, that all changed.  The lines got big and it started to not matter to get our bracelets worth of rides for the wait in line (plus the cold night air!).  Also, come 6pm, it just got plain ridiculous with all these little high school kids wearing skimpy clothes and making out and talking bad (where are these kid's parents!?!.. who raised these kids!?!).. it got annoying real quick.The shows:- Ostrich Race at 6pm was good - kinda funny, but not that entertaining- Monkey Show at 9pm was AWESOME - I saw this show last year when we went with the in-laws and I *still* laughed my butt off (easily amused maybe?)- Petting Zoo - LOVE this.. they had a lot of baby goats (my fave!) and the animals were never menacing and actually very docile.- In the past I saw the trapeze show and it was entertaining, though the motorcycles in the metal sphere was quite impressive and very entertainingOverall, the price was decent for the entertainment and the rides the gals got to enjoy; the food was typical fair food (FYI, DO shop around.. prices change across similar products by 2-3$ sometimes, so feel free to shop around for water bottles and other food staples); the staff running the rides were decent people (not creepy, which can be the status quo); the ambiance is good (not OVERLY ghetto) but caution that after 7pm, it gets more crowded with high school kids.. so more lines and more stupid conversations you get to listen to.. yay!
5	I went today Saturday the 10th. We saw the races first and loved it, then we went to the petting zoo that had lots of goats, water buffalo, long hair cattle with the horns and a Texas long horn, all close enough to touch and pet. Then we watched the dock dogs competition and that was so much fun too. After all that we ate Ostrich Jerky, Kangaroo Burger, Aligator on a stick, deep fried pickles, cookie dough, onion rings and snickers. It was such a good time I will be making this a yearly tradition for my family. We all had a GREAT time. I recommend it especially for a family with little kid's took my three kids and they just loved it. Parking was $5, and each food item was an average of $5. It was $10 to get in for the adults and we had coupons to get the kids in free.
2	I festival dedicated to Ostriches and only two Ostriches, really?  This was a typical fair.  Over crowded with middle and high schooler's, people bumping into you, long ass lines and breathing in dirt.  Why anyone would think this would be fun is beyond me.
1	The ONE STAR is for the PARKING ISSUES.  FIVE STARS FOR THE FESTIVAL. I went Saturday the 10th for 2012 and the festival itself was great.  My comments are on the parking.  With all the Orange vested lot attendents, you would expect there to be some organization.  I don't think anyone was in charge and these attendents did not seem to know what they were doing with directing traffic.  On coming in, there were 2 lanes but at the end of the lanes,  both needed to make a very tight left turn to which there was no room without fear of hitting the car next to you or taking out the post marking the end of the lane.  Then to pay, the attendent was standing in the middle between the 2 lanes taking money, which is fine for the right side car but not for the left.  I sat waiting for someone else to walk over to my side to take my money.  Then the parking attendent in the parking row did not know where he wanted me to park.  There should have been 2 of them.  One standing in the front pointing the limit to which the car could park and the other pointing you into which slot.   The Festival itself was fantatic.  The children had a great time and I enjoyed the multitude of booths, shows and races.   Leaving the Festival was another disaster.  Sat for close to 20 minutes without even moving and then another 25 minutes waiting to get out of the place.  There were no attendents directing traffic from where I could see.  I asked what was going on, and the one attendent said that it was because everyone was trying to leave at once.  No we weren't.  I think it would have been much worse it there was some kind of emergency and everyone was trying to leave at one.  There were attendents walking up and down and several driving around, but only the attendent at the exit  was directing.  There should have been an attendent  at each of the rows, letting several cars out at a time, stopping traffic, and then waving it on.  There should also be another exit only somewhere else to dissapate the traffic.  Festival leavers were making 2 lanes where there should be one in efforts to cut in further up the line which is rude and not appreciated by those of us waiting in the back of the line.  If there are going to be that many attendents, they should be doing something instead of seemingly walking back and forth ignoring the traffic woes.
4	Place was huge, most people dont even know where the ostriches were and it seems to be a small part of it but the shows are awesome.....very packed.  I highly recommend getting your tickets at Frys before hand just in case there is a HUGE line to buy tickets.  It is like a mini fair with all the games that will suck your money dry and plenty of rides for the kids with an all day pass for $25 bucks which is great but get there early before the crowds....even took us 20 minutes to park.  This is fun, will cost $5 to park, $7 for kids, $10 for adults and the food and games are just like the fair so dont go if you are a cheap skate.  Don't forget to get an ostrich burger.
4	The part worth going to this event is definitely the ostrich race event. Imagine men sitting on plumpy ostriches and then falling off. It is hillarious. These brids are actually dangerous so props for them for sitting on them in the first place. The event was highly entertaining and they get participation from the audience. There is a petting zoo portion that has all sorts of animals from an ox to baby goats. You can even feed the animals for a small price. The rest of the festival was pretty usual. Over priced food and lots of crowds. I would recommend going the $10 paid was worth the hilarious entertainment.
5	Great time for families!!! Parking gets packed and everything is cash only. But is nice for a different experience then just a normal fair!
5	We go every year.  This is what a fair should be (not like the smelly, dirty county fair that occurs in the slums of Phoenix every year).  Rides, carnival games, food (funnel cake!), Ostrich races...and the weather is almost always perfect.  Parking is inexpensive and you can always get advance-purchase reduced rates at Fry's grocery store.
2	If you've been to one festival you been to them all...  Overpriced admissions, shady games with shady people running them, and Overpriced subpar food.  I attended this festival today just for the sake of having something to do, and I left saying the same exact thing I always do, why the hell do I keep coming to these things.
5	This was a great festival (2014 festival)!  Compared to other festivals that I have been to (Arizona State Fair), this one was clean, friendly, and had tons of fun and interesting activities and show.  They had a lot to offer for both adults and children.
3	This place would have been 1 - 2 stars if my son hadn't enjoyed the unlimited rides.  We went to Fry's and got the family pack for $67 which included 2 adult passes, 2 child passes and 2 unlimited ride wrist bands.  We ended up giving one of the child passes to someone in line buying tickets since we only had 1 child.  The festival is quite large with tons of food vendors and a lot of rides.  There is one booth there that sells their souvenir cups for $5 and then you can come back for free refills - they have about 4 different flavored lemonades (strawberry, blueberry, regular and mango) out on the table, and you can walk up and refill your cup.  If you need more ice, they'll gladly put more in for you.  The lemonades are a little bland, but for free, it's worth every penny considering the other food vendors charge $2.50 for refills.  As the evening wore on, the lines for the adult rides got extremely long that it wasn't worth the wait.  The kiddie rides had about a 5-10 minute wait depending on what ride you wanted to go on.As for the ostrich?  I thought this was an ostrich festival - at the VERY far end of the park, there is a fence with TWO ostrich in them.  That's it.  Just 2.  You could see more ostriches if you went to the ostrich race, but you have to get there to get a seat at least 45 min before the race or you won't be able to see a thing.  We later saw that they were selling ostrich burgers...maybe that's why there were only 2 ostrich on display.  Overall, this was basically a miniature version of the state fair.  I wouldn't drive all the way from North Phoenix to go to it again considering we thought we'd see more ostrich with more ostrich-like activities.  But like I said, our son enjoyed all the rides and the smile on his face was enough for us.
4	I guess I'm kind of "city folk" because I had never been to a fair like this before but... it was really something.  A real "slice of life" that is great for people watching.We went after a Cubs spring training game and checked out the food (deep fried anything and everything!), the entertainment (pig races! and livestock! and Ostrich Festival Idol!) and the rides (umm... nothing I was daring enough to try.)  We paid a dollar to see the biggest fattest pig, we shopped a little, we ate a little, we watched people playing ridiculous games to win ridiculous stuffed animals, and we had a good time. Did it have that feeling like, everything cost an extra dollar? Sure it did. But that's ok, it was still fun. If I lived here, I'd go to this every year. If not to participate, at least to watch the people who participate.
5	The Festival is a great experience for all ages. I went with the grandma little sister Dad and boyfriend and they would agree with me and say this was an exciting place to spend the whole day. The admission was only $10 and you can ride the rides which are 5-6 tickets each. tickets are $1 each. Or there's the unlimited ride pass for $25. Its well worth it!! You wont want to miss any rides at this festival. We enjoyed everything the Ostrich Festival had to offer. Going on the rides is the best part. I really enjoyed the SPIN OUT.. this ride twirls you around while swinging you about 50 feet in the air but ill leave some room for suspension. Oh I almost forgot to mention.. there is a kiddie area where the rides are for the ages (1-6) I'd say. But my little sister was more interested In the more "thriller" rides. Her favorite was the STARSHIP 3000. This spaceship looking ride had us spinning in a room at 24RPMS and allows to feel like you stuck to the wall with great force!The rides were endless and the lines aren't too bad.. I'd say towards the end of the day the lines got a little longer because everyone was trying to get one last ride in. There was even more entertainment on the other side. I didn't realize how big the Tumbleweed Park until that day. Outside bathrooms available.We got to see an 1100 LB pig.. they charge $1. lol someone bring a phone and just take a picture for others to see. There were monkeys, snakes, stingrays and a huge petting zoo where you can get up close with there 100+ animals and feed them for a small price. We didn't get a chance to see the famous race but we did get to see those cool Ostriches.. They look like Dinosaurs haha. All this walking around will definitely make you hungry but don't fret, there's food everywhere. We stopped and treated ourselves to some nachos, tacos and had a delicious strawberry smoothie,  but they had tons more. We walked by some stands that had some fried bread, funnel cakes, churros, cookies,burgers and your typical carnival foods.But enough about all that delicious food.. there's tons of games prizes, I think I walked passed a show, there's a ton of isles that have different things to look at and buy. We stopped and got some incents and candles. There's facepainting, pottery and even taste testing. Too many fun things to pass up here, Be sure to bring a hat and sunblock if you plan on staying awhile and get a lot of sleep the night before.. The Ostrich Festival will take a lot out of you!! =)
