4	Delicious thin crust pizza (many styles). Outdoor seating is pleasant even if on Notre-Dame, a relatively busy street. Inside has character also, so cold weather isn't a problem. The beet salad was dull; not very tasty at all (hard to mess up a beet salad..). Nice clean bathroom.
4	Simple but delicious was my suitable and sufficient margarita pizza with crust that was crispy all the way through, and thick, sweet tomato sauce topped with very nice mozzarella.  Bruschetta was refreshingly fresh and flavourful, and my bresaola plate came with a nice heap of arugula.  Two of shared the pizza and three appetizer, which was a good amount of food.  I guess the third appetizer wasn't so remarkable as I really can't remember what it was... The dining experience was overall very pleasant - lovely atmosphere that is classy in an understated way but still casual.  Oh, and a fun Italian-centric cocktail menu with campari, citrus and prosecco as prominent ingredients.
1	I cant believe a laid back place like gepetto is trying to implement service times for reservations. You're a neighborhood spot with a laid back attitude and a terasse!! That was your charm. I call to make a reservation for 8 ppl and before I'm even done my sentence I'm told I'll have to leave at 9pm.... Not cool. You serve pizza for crying out loud!!!! Get over yourself! I'm so sad that you decided to take this approach.... Its so unnecessary it makes you look ridiculous. Anyways too bad so sad but you'll quickly loose your loyal neighborhood clientele if you start acting all fancy schmancy.
4	i nice little discovery!so glad i tried the pizza but the pasta on the menu looked good too!the place is really cute, the ambiance nice...and the service was perfect!i will for sure return.i had the pizza+prociutto+ricotta+basil and arugula...i kept thinking how amazing it could have been with burata instead of ricotta but the ricotta did not displease!
3	Uh, Jessie Palmer was eating right next to us. No, that doesn't mean i'm impressed, nor does it mean that I'm a fan. I'm neither. But i do watch the Bachelor (ya, go ahead, judge me, i don't care) and was just hoping I would hear something juicy that I could share with friends with similar bad taste in tv. No such luck. He seemed totally vapid. OK...now the food!!I had NO complaints with the food. We split an arugula salad that was large and mainly arugula (a good thing), the grilled octopus which was yummy albeit a tad chewy (hard to escape) and the marazinna pizza which was delicious although a bit too much ricotta. Overall the pizza had a great thin crust and we had a great evening. My main issue lies with the waitress who had a BAD attitude. Never smiled once, seemed annoyed to have to ask what we wanted and took awhile with the bill. Maybe she was distracted by the overinflation level of her lips and chest...ooooh did i just go there!? Ya, i guess I did. That was low. I know. Sorry. But...whatever.
4	I'm really not sure why the ratings are so low for this place, my friend and I walked in for lunch on a total whim since we were in the area. It was quiet and empty, except for a group of 4 sitting across from us. The restaurant is cozy and our waiter was really helpful.They have a pretty vast variety of beverages. I had a glass of Italian Sangiovese wine, and for 8$ I was very satisfied and enjoyed it thoroughly. We shared an appetizer of grilled octopus (14$), which was phenomenal. It was by no means chewy or rubbery; it was rich in fresh flavour, very soft and tender, and served over some delicious hummus and a side of chickpeas. The dressing was simple: lemon-y and some garlic. Nothing overpowering, it was just right. Following our appetizer was their special of the day: A small (but not actually small) pizza and side salad for 15$. The pizza had been made with pancetta, arugula, and feta- really fresh ingredients that blended well together. I loved it. Empty or not, I'd come again.
1	I've eaten at Geppetto twice now. Once out on the terrace and most recently I picked up a couple of pizzas to go. My first experience was neutral, the prices were a bit high for what you got but the food was ok, nothing memorable. My most recent experience was more memorable, but unfortunately in a negative way. I called in my order, a Marguerita and a Funghi. I arrived to pick up the order, the restaurant was not too busy, and after waiting a couple of minutes at the front was directed over to the bar area to collect my pizzas. Throughout my interaction with the staff I got the impression that I was clearly some sort of inconvenience and that their evening would have been much better if I had chosen to order my food from somewhere else. As for the pizzas they were bland and disappointing. There are a number of excellent Pizzeria's in Montreal that produce great thin crust pies so I will not be visiting Geppetto again.
4	This little "Italian-inspired" restaurant is very good, a little gem in the Little Burgundy neighborhood! It might be a bit high on the price side, but the portions are of a good size.They have a very good selection of wine bottles and glasses, and the menu is simply good. I tend to take their pasta or menu of the day, but the pizzas are pretty good, and very different from your average pizza joint. Never had a bad service neither, so it did help to make me love this place.Overall, my favorite place to go when I'm with people who have difficult culinary tastes.
4	Went there while visiting Montreal.  It's not on the main drag (by Atwater Marche & the Canal), but that's it's charm -- it feels like a cute neighborhood place.  Very solid pizza  right from the oven.  One of the best places we ate while in town.  There are a lot of over-priced food places in Montreal, but this place is worth the 50 bucks we shelled out for two pizza and two drinks.
5	I've been here a couple times and I love it. I've had pizza, salad, and the lasagna and all were amazing. I've eaten inside but the tables are pretty close so I preferred eating outside. The only reason I don't go here more often is cause it's a little on the expensive side.
