5	Pretty darn amazing for a vegetarian menu! The owner was super friendly and I told her how much I love spicy fare.. she took care of me!!I ordered the Kung Pao Soy Chicken.. you don't even miss the chicken at all.. nice and spicy sweet with LOADS of veggies!! Also ordered the Imperial Roll Noodles.. yummy! I didn't even miss the BBQ pork that usually comes with this dish elsewhere. Lots of pieces of egg rolls amongst fresh cabbage and rice noodles.. she also threw in some Thai chiles.. my mouth, my mouth, my mouth is on fire! Can't wait go come back!!
5	Ok, lemme get this straight.  A vegan restaurant, on my side of town, and it's delicious?!?  It's like a dream come true!I had the Golden Soy Chicken Delight and it was wonderful.  Thin slices of  "chicken" in a ginger & green onion sauce with rice and steamed veggies.  My fella had the Vegetable Fried Rice which was a huge plate of rice, veggies and tofu.  We shared a sweet, icy glass of mint lemonade too.  Mmmmm, it was all so good and I can't wait to go back!Update:  I've been back twice since my original review.  I had the Golden Soy Chicken again, and the Pho.  My husband and I also shared some chocolate cake.  Everything was so good!  I love this place!
5	This place is a gem. Absolutely everything I've tasted here was delicious, from the iced jasmine tea to the main entrees. I'm glad to have another vegetarian/vegan restaurant option of this caliber in town.We started off the meal with the Fresh Summer Rolls, followed by the Lotus Salad, an order of Stir Fried Noodles and the Kung Pao Soy Chicken. The rolls were large and quite filling on their own. Next, we split an order of Lotus Salad; with fresh squeezed lime on top it was divine. Crisp, crunchy and cool... perfect for a summer lunch. The Stir Fried Noodles were very good too, but the real standout was the Kung Pao Soy Chicken... I couldn't stop eating it! We finished everything and I was very satisfied. The interior is immaculate and service is very friendly. I will definitely be adding this restaurant to my rotation of favorites...
5	Hello Awesome! We drove literally 25 minutes to try this place out because we heard there was a new thai/veg place in town...25 minutes but I was impressed!Walking in, I couldn't help but notice the bright green walls and the cheerful atmosphere. We were seated and ordered the fried spring rolls. So good! My friend order the Golden Soy Chicken and I had the Curry Veggies w/ tofu. We've eaten at Veggie House and we were impressed with their soy-meat fare but I was blown away with Fresh Mint. The soy-chicken dish was amazing, not a weird texture but just right. The sauce that goes with it was mighty tasty. My Curry Veggies were kickin! I loved the curry and both meals came with steamed veggies and brown rice (YUM!). Our bill came to about $28 with iced teas. Overall, a very pleasant experience. Now, can they get one over in my area?...that would be clutch.
5	I went to Fresh Mint tonight for dinner with meetup.com's Vegetarian Society of Phoenix.  It was my first time, and I will definitely be going back.Our party was over 20 people and the owners were very gracious.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  I heard the Sweet and Sour soup was good.  Other favorites were the Kung Pao Soy "Chicken", Curry Apple Tofu, Vegetarian Black Pepper "Steak", Lemongrass Tofu, and the Golden Curry Vegetables with Tofu.I had the Golden Curry with brown rice, and it was wonderful.  The sweet potatoes in it were a treat.  I thought the portions were good sized.  I have leftovers for tomorrow.I was too full for dessert, but when I go back I will try something.  I'm already planning my next trip to Scottsdale!Do not accept American Express.  Not a big deal for me, just wanted to mention it.
4	Went for lunch with a coworker. The food is good and relatively inexpensive. I had the eggplant with basil and was happy.Decor is pleasant but I am unsure why they use up 30% of their space for a deli style counter when its all wait served.Another gripe is with price and vegetarian spots in general. Usually meat is the most expensive item in a dish. If there is no meat then the restaurants costs are lower (not to mention storage and handling savings) so this should be passed on to the consumer. If they offered a $5 lunch menu they would clean up. Overall I recommend this since it is healthy and quick.
4	Ok, first off, it has to be known that I am not anywhere near of being a vegan.  I love my filet mignon, chicken piccante, and sea bass.  But I am always up for trying new things and my friend wanted to meet their last night for dinner, so I was game.I was pleasantly surpised with my choices...though i wished I ordered what my friend ordered.  (I ordered a lemongrass seaweed tofu thing, that I cannot remember the name of it for the life of me)  She even said she liked my entree much better than her Vegetarian Spare Ribs (which I though was AMAZING) I also ordered cucumber rolls, since I saw that it had white radishes in them (YUM)  So, now I know one thing...I have a distaste for Tofu.  But I will not hold it against the establishment since it isn't their fault.  But it was their fault that I was sweating like a pig in that place.  The staff was very nice and helpful.  The server had great suggestions for entrees.
3	As a vegetarian (but not vegan) I was psyched to go eat at a place where I wouldn't be limited to appetizers and/or eating off someone else's plate (or having to face idiotic comments like "just pick the meat off.") The menu was like a smorgasboard of love! Tofu everything! Sweet Lucy, what did I do to deserve this? Fresh Mint, I so wanted to love you and hold you and call you my own. But I was denied.I  had the Kung Pao Soy Chicken. It was pretty spicy for my taste, but that may just be because I am a wimp in that area. The decor was blindingly bright,  yet charming. But there were a few downs:  The service was slooooooww....especially for a lunch hour; the guy who served us had stains all over his shirt -- kind of like he'd just run a race or dripped beer on himself. I also saw him flip a tablecloth. Seriously. How gross is that?I'll probably give it one more try, particularly since they now have $8 lunch specials. Oh, and they don't take American Express. Bummer.Fresh Mint, I still have hope that someday -- you and I -- fireworks, long walks on the beach, champagne...don't let me down, baby!
3	I write this as I use my chopsticks to pick up peanuts from the Kung Pao dish.  I just got lunch and Fresh Mint is really close to my work.  I'd read the reviews and thought it sounded like the best lunch EVER!Eh, it's OK.  The Kung Pao is awesome and everyone's right - you don't even miss the chicken.  I'm not a veg-head, but I do enjoy a good tofu dish.  It came with a side of brown rice, huge plus.  Then, there's the salad.  The bagged-I-can-get-this-at-Safeway-salad.  It's drenched in dressing.  It is seriously nothing more than a bagged salad.I also got the summer rolls.  Really fresh and yummy!  Light, too.  Came with a side of peanut dipping sauce that I would totally fill my bathtub with.Fresh Mint, I like you.  I like the decor.  I like the Kung Pao.  I don't like the slow service nor the ghetto salad.
4	I was pretty impressed with Fresh Mint. It is not the best Veggie food I have ever had and the service left a little to be desired, but I enjoyed my meal and the decor of the restaurant.I ended up having the carmelized fish and my boyfriend had the kung pow chicken. Both were flavorful and cooked perfectly. I had jamsmine iced tea and was never offered a refill, which sucked, because it was really good.Oh, yeah, we started off with the Pho which was really really good. It had fake beef in it and was sweeter then normal Pho but was really really tasty. I would go back just for the soup.The bathrooms were really nice. That normally doesnt matter to people but i really liked them so I figured I would point it outOverall it was a good experience and I will definitely be back. There were a lot of different dishes I wanted to try, especially after all of the comments about the chicken being so good.
5	I am breaking a personal rule and reviewing this after the first visit!  My housemates and I went and we ate half of the items listed on the menu, so it was like visiting several times.We had imperial rolls for starters. Lemongrass soy beef noodles, papaya salad, hotpot, stuffed tomatoes.  Fresh Mint special lemonades for our drink.  Then we finished with mango tapioca and banana fritters.After a debauched weekend, I thought this might be a good place to get back on track and eat a healthy, nice vegetarian meal.  As you can tell from what we ordered, the debauchery continued!The imperial rolls were amazing for not having any meat in it!  No loss of flavor whatsoever.  I did notice a difference in texture, but it wasn't bothersome.  The papaya salad had to be one of the best dishes we ordered.  It had the right amount of crunch on the fruit.  The dressing was also well balanced and was not too spicy with chili, or salty with fish sauce or sour with lemon, and just the hint of sweetness.  The addition of Thai basil gave it a refreshing finish.  Just wondering though, if they used fish sauce at all...being vegetarian...hmmm.My next favorite has to be the hotpot.  A super hot ceramic bowl filled with sizzling brown rice and vegetables with a sauce that just imparts flavor without being obnoxiously present.  The vegetables were not overcooked, the rice was starting to crust at the bottom and the sauce brought it all together.You have to go and taste for yourself. It's really good.  At our visit, Fresh Mint was staffed by a father-daughter team, with daughter at the back of the house.  Dad, as the server, was friendly and inviting, and paid just the right amount of attention to us.My rec is to go with friends who don't mind sharing, and order tons of food.
5	I can mow through a cow so I am in no way a vegan but I met a friend here for lunch and I was sincerely impressed.  I ordered the Pad Thai and it comes mildly spicy but I had them kick it up to medium and it was fantastic and the salad that came before the meal was fresh and flavorful as well.  I was in and out of the door in 30 minutes, too!  We got there at 11:30 and after 11:45 it filled up pretty quickly so if you are in a hurry, go early.
4	I have a love affair with meat, but this vegan Thai place has given me a whole new perspective on tasty vegan. It's not that I have anything against tofu, I just can't cook it myself to make it actually taste good. Now I don't have to. I'll just take the family to Fresh Mint and have their yummy tofu instead! Surprisingly, they are not limited to tofu. I had the Kung Pao with "pretend" beef......HOLY COW! It was freakin' good!!! I honestly don't know if I could have guessed it wasn't beef if you hadn't told me. My husband had the Rainbow dish with "pretend" chicken. Again, wow! It actually tasted like good food.....good food that just happens to make your taste buds think they are eating chicken! His was a wee bit spicy for me, but infused with a great flavor nonetheless. The kids got a Pad Thai, and that was the only thing that was kind of bland. Whereas our other two dishes had AMAZING sauces, the Pad Thai could have used a little more "umph". Oooohhhh, and the summer rolls (one of my favorite Vietnamese appetizers) had tofu instead of the shrimp that is normally served. I didn't even miss those delicious little guys. Good peanut sauce, great fresh veggies, and a choice between white and brown rice help this newer eatery get my 4 stars. Now I know what to "cook" when my vegetarian father-in-law comes to town. We are dragging him to Fresh Mint!
5	delicious!super friendly, good service.  vegan-tastic.
5	Absolutely amazing food! We love going to Fresh Mint. Always good. We have tried numerous dishes and every time it just gets better and better. If you work around the area, their lunch specials are affordable and taste amazing as well. Oh and if you want dessert, try their Mango Tapioca. Wow wow wow! Oh and we aren't vegetarians but Fresh Mint is just too good to not go to when we are in the Scottsdale area.
4	I went here on a whim last night, not knowing that it was a Vegan/vegetarian restaurant.That being said, I was VERY impressed! The food was very fresh and tasty. I was a little apprehensive about eating the meat substitutes but came away happy.I had the cucumber rolls and the Lemongrass soy beef delight. I was very pleased with both. The cucumber rolls were handmade right in front of my eyes, and they were beautiful, crunchy, and FRESH. The peanut sauce that they come with was also very tasty.The LSBD was also very good, I really liked the taste and texture of the "beef"; it even had the proper looks of shaved beef. The noodles that they are served with were light, perfectly cooked and a great compliment to the rest of the dish.I'll for sure be visiting again sometime soon!
4	OMG my first review!I've been trying to cut meat out of my diet lately, and I keep driving by this place on the way to and from work.  When I finally made it there, I was slightly surprised by what I found.The ambiance is somewhat odd, and not in the "odd but quirky and cool" sense you get from other vegan restaurants.  It's got kind of a strip mall chic feel to it, and the fifties music playing in the background made me feel like I got dropped in some bizarro "Back to the Future" scene, but the food was great and the couple that owns the place was really friendly!I went on a Tuesday evening and I was the only one there--the place was dead.  It gave me pause at first, but the appetizer I ordered (Fried Imperial Rolls) was excellent, although the portions were small.  The vegetarian dipping sauce (whatever that is) was especially good.  For my meal I ordered Golden Soy Chicken--and although it looked like the same rubbery soy chicken substitute you might buy at the grocery store, it actually tasted like chicken!  The scrumptious citrusy ginger flavor of the sauce really made the dish, though.  The veggies seemed a bit more for garnish than for actual consumption, but they were ok, too.The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5?  You pay too much for the size portions you get.  I had an appetizer and an entree and I still left not quite full.  I'm thinking I'll have to try this place for lunch sometime, since I work only right down the road.
5	This place is sooo good! Great place to impress your meat eating friends! The best dish is the Kung poa Soy Chicken and the appetizer kabobs are also amazing! A little pricy for what you get but the food is really that tasty and its even healthy too!
4	Surprisingly good. Never had a piece of soy with so much flavor. I highly recommend.
5	Eggplant wins! Eggplant wins!Eating here is awesome. The man that owns this is so nice. He always gives the girls at the table a little stuffed animal. He says for the kid in  you. Im SERIOUS!The food is fresh, crisp, flavorful.Makes you want to eat healthy all the time!Great for a quick lunch, it takes just the right amount of time to come out. Not too soon where you wonder if it has sat under a heat lamp all day. The water is good, not like some places here where you can taste the pipes. LOVE THIS PLACE.WISH THEY WOULD OPEN ONE IN GOOD OLD COUNTRY TOWN MESA/APACHE JUNCTION...HINT HINT!Keep up the good work.I wish they would replace all Mcdonalds with you!
5	Just delicious! Living in Keirland there isn't much to choose from that's on the vegetarian side. Fresh is a fun place with Asian/Vegan twist. The food is fresh the whole menu caters to a healthy diet. I went withe the Eggplant and wasn't disappointed. I will be stopping back soon.
5	Vegan food exists in Scottsdale Arizona although you may have to search for it between the PF Chang's and Cheesecake factories, it's still there. Mint Leaf has excellent food options and great service and the owner dishes out an occasional trivia question while you're waiting for your food.  I had the tofu rolls, soooo YUM!!!
3	I REALLY want to love this place. My favorite food is Thai. I am a Vegan. This place is only 3 miles from where I live. It is a Thai Vegan place I can drive to in 5 min!!! UGHHH....why can't I just give it 5 stars and be done with it.I can't, I wanted to give it at least 4 stars just for the fact that it is a Vegan restaurant in Phoenix(and a decent location at that) but I have just not been blown away by FM. Price for portion sizes seems somewhat high. Service is usually always friendly and prompt, although when they first opened I think the owner was short staffed and seemed flustered.The food is good here, I just haven't had anything remarkable. Based on reviews from my fellow vegans friends(ok I don't really know you but you are friends by default) I need to try some more dishes. It has very strong reviews so I must be missing something, can anyone help me? I feel so lost.I will be sure to try this place a 6th, 7th, 8th time if needed in the near future and will update accordingly. I am really hoping I come back with a 4 or 5, no one wants this more then me Fresh.
4	So I gave Fresh Mint another try Friday night. My girlfriend got the Golden Soy Chicken, I got the Kung Pao. Service was great and friendly as usual. Another bonus is that brown rice is not more! Everyplace now charges more for the "unmolested" rice(if they even have it) and it's ridiculous.Both dishes were great, the portions turned out to be perfect. Everything had good flavor, the Kung Pao was weak heat wise for me but will be perfect for most. The only reason this does not get 5 stars on my update is that it is a Vegan Thai/Vietnamese/Whatever place on the Phoenix/Scottsdale line with high end LA Vegan place prices. My Kung Pao was $14 dollars. It is one of the more expensive things on the menu but I had gotten other things and they had just been ok. If prices were a tad more reasonable then this place would be 5 stars for sure. I understand people need to make a living and you don't go into business to not make a profit but think of other Vegan places in the valley and their prices.
5	This place is really amazing.  I've been to a lot of vegetarian restaurants over the years and this is one of the best by far.  I just wish they were closer to Tempe where I live!  It's totally worth the drive though. We had the cucumber rolls (incredible!) and I had Pad Thai and my husband had the Kung Pao. Both were awesome.  Everything we got had amazing flavor and freshness. We had been going to Green and I have to say, this is better and worth the extra money. I didn't mind their prices because the food was really outstanding.
5	This place is AWESOME... I am a meat and potatoes kind of girl... a definite carnivore but I just keep having to return time and time again to this place. The Spicy Ginger Soy Beef and the Pad Thai are both excellent and the Mint Lemonade is refreshing. If you want to see how good vegetarian food can be this is THE place to go... If there were more places like this I could see being an occasional vegetarian (I couldn't give up meat completely).
3	In town to visit family, and we went to Fresh Mint for lunch. First off, the decor is a bit "in your face." Bright and odd. The "strip mall" references made by other reviewers are accurate. Service was S.L.O.W. until the man, who I think owns the restaurant, showed up to save the day. Still, it took a long time to get our food. We shared the summer rolls, which I think were below average. The wrappers were a bit mushy and I found the rolls to lack flavor. We also got some fried rolls (can't remember the name, but they had yucca root in them... Imperial Rolls maybe?) and they were pretty tasty. I ordered the Spicy Lemongrass Tofu lunch special. The salad was average "bag" salad, but I liked the dressing - flavorful with a kick. The tofu was yummy - in a curry coconut milk sauce - but it was ONLY tofu. I actually love tofu, but I was hoping for a few veggies. I would not order this again w/o requesting they add some broccoli or something. Just too rich of a dish for my taste. My brother got the kung pao chicken which looked Delicious. My husband had pad thai, which was pretty good. This place was definitely expensive. I was surprised, visiting from the Bay Area, that prices at this place, which resembles a semi-fast food establishment, were so high. Lunch for 6 of us was almost $100.
5	I lost my pho-ginity tonight to Fresh Mint and it was everything I dreamed of!I have been thinking about and trying to get to this place for about a year now, but when a friend came in town and happened to be staying near the restaurant, I knew it was time. We both had soup- I had the pho and she ordered the sweet and sour. Both were delicious. I would actually walk from Chandler for that soup.Next up was the lemongrass curry with tofu and eggplant. I think this dish was a little much for me. I would have liked it a little lighter on the sauce. The hot pot (made with brown rice) was perfect of a chilly (95*F) winter Arizona night.Next time we'll have to go for the dessert. The mango pudding sounded amazing, but I'll never know as I have an unfortunate allergy to the fruit. Plantains are also on my list of things to try here.I brought back the Kung Pao soy chicken for hubski. That was also tasty, but I have to agree with Caleb that it could have used more heat.I would also like to mention that we went to this business because it is kosher. The vegan thing was a definite plus.Delicious.I'll be back.
5	Great! Will definately go back!
4	I'll admit... the thought of going to a vegan restaurant was a little scary for me. I'm no vegetarian, and a meal without a little meat just doesn't seem like a full meal. In fact going into Fresh Mint, we even made provisions to do a post-meal In-n-Out burger trip just to get our meat fix in for the night. As it turns out, we didn't need to make our 'meat run'... this vegan food is rockin! We got the kung pao soy chicken and a pad thai... both were very tasty. My soy chicken was so flavorful that if I wouldn't have known any better I'd have thought it was real chicken. The stand out here was the flavor... each dish seemed pretty perfectly seasoned; not too spicy but not too bland either. A lot of character and distinct tastes, which is always good. Service was pretty good, but nothing amazing. One funny thing that happened, and I don't know if this is a nightly thing or not... but they gave us a stuffed animal when we paid (weird lookin' thing). The guy that gave it to us actually said 'Guys get the check, girls get a doll'. Odd. Pretty solid place, although for the setting/decor it does seem a tad pricier than it should be. Give this place a shot!
5	My wife and I were in Phoenix for a conference and asked Yelp for help on a good vegetarian restaurant. We were not disappointed with Fresh Mint.We started with the spring rolls (I think it was the Afghan rolls...can't quite remember) and they were better than average.We shared two entrees. Pho and the Kung Pao Chicken. The Kung Pao Chicken was astonishing good and just this dish will give this restaurant a 5-star rating in my book. It may be one of the top 5 dishes I've ever had at a restaurant.
5	Fresh Mint is calling my name and I shall answer yet again!I've been there numerous times and everything I have ever had has been wonderful!  My favorite is the green papaya salad, mmm crunchy peanut-y scrumptiousness!
2	Three of us went to Fresh Mint today for lunch.  We did not like it.  We started with an order of Summer Rolls.  Yuck, they were a piece of tofu and shredded cabbage rolled in rice paper, served with a thick, unappealing peanut sauce studded with raw peanuts. Presentation was nice, but it did not taste like anything except cabbage wrapped in rice paper.  My companions each ordered Pad Thai and I had the Five Spice Pho.  The Pad Thai arrived first. I looked at it and was very happy I did not order it.  It looked like a plate of gummy sauce-covered glop.  Tasted as bad as it looked. My Five Spice Pho looked delicious, but did not have any flavor.  Adding the hot sauce that is served on the side, only added heat, but no flavor.  The broth tasted like water.  We did like the Mint Lemonade, but at $3.95 a glass, it was pretty pricey.  Our lunch bill came to $44.  Very expensive for what we were served.Needless to say, I am crossing Fresh Mint off my list.  No reason to go back.  I gave it 2 stars out of respect for the Yelpers that think it is so great, but actually, I would rather give it one.  Vegetarian does not have to be bland and tasteless.
3	First, I have to say it's nice to have a restaurant cater to people who choose to eat meat-free. A tip 'o the hat for that...Upon entering the restaurant, it just had a weird energy. It sort of felt like things were just thrown together. Anybody else notice the bad chi? I still decided to order food, but takeout instead of dining in because of the vibe. I went with the kung pao chicken. I can absolutely imagine some vegans/vegetarians not being able to stomach the texture of the faux meat here. I can only imagine all of the processing they do to turn the soy into what they serve. I don't know what kind of pact they made with the meat gods, but they have the texture and look down to a science. Literally. It made me wonder what kind of graduated cylinders, Bunsen burners and potions they have in the back, with some evil scientist, er, I mean chef at the helm. The array of vegetables in my entree looked and tasted fresh and the sauce was good and added with a light hand, which I appreciate. The portions were great, but NOT for the price. My meal was $13! No drink, no salad, no dessert. Er... Do you know how many burrito bowls that is?! Just saying...All in all, I would go back, but I would steer away from the faux meat and focus on the salads (and the prices!).
5	Very good Kosher, vegan restaurant.  The owners are Jewish and Vietnamese, they lived in Hawaii and therefore their food is a little Hawaiian based.  There were 4 of us that ended up sharing 4 entrees so we could try a little of each. We had stuffed tomatoes, braised ribs, ginger soy chicken and pad thai.  All were exceptionally delicious.  You couldn't even tell the meat was imitation meat. The flavor was great and everything was made to order.  We had a big group so he put in a little bit of the orders at a time since they were freshly made.   I would highly recommend this place and will be back.
5	Had dinner at Fresh Mint last night.  We ordered a delicious green salad, eggplant curry & pad thai.  The salad had a very light and flavorful citrus dressing, walnuts, cranberries, apples, etc...   I wish the portion was a little larger for $9, but it was very tasty.  The pad thai had nice fresh veggies and was very good, but the curry was much better.  It was a little spicy, which I like, and was very flavorful.  It wasn't a coconut milk curry (or had very little) so it was a little different from most Thai green curries I've had, but I loved it. I definitely would go back to Fresh Mint.  The food was great and I like supporting family owned/operated restaurants, which are scarce in north Scottsdale!!
4	Most important, all four of us loved the food when we visited last week, even the meat-eaters among us. We each got something different. It was all good. I wouldn't say the fake meat is "just like meat" as someone else did. It's super delicious though.We liked the clean fresh atmosphere. The restaurant had a great look, although it's decorated like one of those inexpensive places without servers. It's not -- it's a normal sit-down and be-served place with appropriate prices.The owner/dad served us and was quite enthusiastic. He likes to pop over with jokes and doesn't notice if one of you is in the middle of a story. If you don't mind the interruption I suppose it's endearing?I definitely recommend and will be back for sure. P.S. Try the Mango Coconut Tapioca. Yum! There aren't a lot of vegan dessert choices around the valley and this is a good one.
2	This restaurant epitomizes why I feel sorry for vegetarians.  I am an omnivore and I am neither afraid nor put-off by the idea of an all veggie meal. I will say that the restaurant is very clean and the staff is friendly but the food tends to be either bland or odd tasting and the service is painfully slow even when it is not busy. The only redeeming quality is that they cater to vegans (who don't know any better than to rate this 5 stars).  I guess it's working for them though.
5	our tummies were so empty and we were getting ornery from furniture shopping and look there...fresh mint!the sign said something about fresh and healthy food and our other options were greasy pizza, chinese, or fast food. the place is small but busy. very bright atmosphere and the owner was full of zeal. i ordered the stuffed tomato dish and she the papaya salad. both prepared made to order and did not disappoint. the crunchy and cool, sweet, yet sour salad was fabulouso, and then our hot dish, the tomatoes with brown rice were amazing. we were full after 3/4 of the way but our mouths craved more so we cleaned both plates and were off again to deal with furniture salespeople. very reasonable at 25 bucks for two. we wanted to try deserts as they all looked tasty but belly too full.
4	The food. Was. AWESOME. I've been a vegetarian for a year, my boyfriend for over two years. After shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter H&M with my meat-eating best friend, we were absolutely famished. Because the food in that area is way too expensive for my pockets, my best friend recommended Fresh Mint to us. Because it was lunch time, we were able to get the lunch "to go" menu, which saved us a few bucks each. We all shared the Autumn roll, which was delicious but definitely not enough food for how much it cost.My best friend got the Mongolian Soy Beef - it was fabulous! I absolutely hate most soy beefs and, while the taste wasn't perfect, the texture sure was! My boyfriend got the tofu curry - I am not a curry fan, so I didn't try it, but he loved it.I got the kung pow soy chicken and dang, I was surprised. There was a perfect amount of food - not way too much; just enough. The consistency of the chicken was almost perfect (strings and all!), and the sauce was delicious. There were tons of veggies and the salad that came with it was awesome and light and fresh.The owners are so sweet and friendly. I truly enjoyed eating there.Oh, and one more thing - the BEST Arnold Palmer I've ever had! Fresh lemonade and fresh iced tea - deeelicious!
5	Great Food!  Even non-vegans and vegetarians will like this food.  It is family owned and operated.  The wife is the cook, made fresh to your order (nothing is pre-made).  The husband is the host and daughters work there as well. Everyone is very friendly.The food can be made very mild to very spicy.  And the choices of fresh vegetables is always included in this Oriental Style cooking.They have a very good lunch menu that is $8 and is very filling.  Drinks extra.  So for lunch or dinner make a point of going and enjoying the food and staff.
4	There really needs to be more vegetarian restaurants in AZ! I feel like there is enough demand, so what gives? Chakra is still my favorite but they have such limited hours that I never get the chance to eat there. Fresh mint is amazing and their hours are much better but it's still very far from where I live, but luckily close to where I live. I agree with the consensus that their Kung Pao Soy Chicken is really good. In the future I'd really like to branch out and try some of their soups but I tend to stick with what works. The owner is usually there and helping the staff and he is really friendly and affable. Overall, fresh mint has an extensive menu, pretty reasonable prices and a nice interior. I hope they open more in the Central Phoenix area in the future!
5	I had the autumn spring rolls & the five spice pho. I LOVED it! I was so full I felt like my stomach would burst and I still wanted more it was so good. I've had "vegetarian" pho at another restaurant that the broth was bland and it was so overloaded with veggies it was distracting. They kept it simple with a sweet yet savory broth, veg meat (which was actually really good to my surprise), and even a vegan fish sauce. The owner (husband) was SO nice and even told me how to assemble my soup (which I already knew since I've had traditional pho many many times). The best thing is that everything on the menu is vegan (except for #31, which has egg noodles). I'm excited to go back and try some of the chef specials, they sound fantastic!
3	We literally live around the corner and I want to LOVE this place, but I have to just like it.  You definitely get a mix of great cooked food or ok bland, and I'm not sure if it's what you order, or who's cooking, or maybe when you go, but they are a bit inconsistent.  When it's on, it's great.  The service IS a little funny, and since it's such a small place, you have to deal with a personality.  Just roll with it... service is always good when someone means well!  I still go regularly, but always with a "we'll see what we get" feeling.  It's never bad, so I disagree with the 1star review.  And there are SO few choices in Scottsdale, so take what you get or cook at home.  I would absolutely recommend that you try it for yourself, get a few different things and you'll enjoy.
5	HOT POT!Last time I went to Fresh Mint, I ordered the Hot Pot, my new favorite. I tried a few other things on the menu since my first visit, all were delicious, but nothing was as good as the Hot Pot.We started with the Pho, which apparently is pronounced "phu'uh", making my first review even funnier. I had no clue.I progessed on to the Hot Pot (I may have already mentioned its deliciousness) and even got as far as dessert. The cake was magnificent. From what I heard, the mango tapioca was less fantastic. An allergy to mango kept me from trying that one.I have and will continue to go back to Fresh Mint. This is the best fake meat in Phoenix and one of the best restaurants all around.
3	I was actually pretty disappointed with this one. I love the idea of healthy eating and vegan food but this one was just okay. Loving hut and green are much better. I was pretty surprised at the wonderful reviews on yelp. But I guess if you are vegan it is hard to find anywhere to eat. So myself being a meateater, I give it only 3 stars. And that was generious. But if you love vegan food like I do, try green or loving hut!
5	I stopped in here for lunch while killing time between appointments in the area. Its a cute, clean space and the man running the place greeted me warmly and inquired if it was my first visit. I said yes and told him I had seen the place before when in the area and had always wanted to give it a try. It was lunchtime on a Friday and it was busy, but service was top notch. They had lunch specials that someone at a table near me commented "must be new". I couldn't decide between the kung pao soy chicken and the eggplant dish, but the gentleman taking my order said the Kung pao was a restaurant fave, so I went with that. I'm not a vegetarian, but I sho eat faux meat!- and this was good. It came with a side salad and brown or white rice on the side, and for 8 bucks was a perfectly sized meal. The spice queen in me would have added srircha had it been around, but I didn't ask for it because it really wasn't necessary. There was plenty of sauce that had a little kick to it and being in a "healthy place" helped me reason that the added sodium was unnecessary. (Don't know about you, but i like to pretend I'm a health guru when surrounded by the like. Its my own fun game!) Bottom line- I really liked this place and asked for a to go menu to take to work bc I will return again for the eggplant!
4	Everything was really, really fresh. It's made to order so don't expect to being in and out in 20 minutes. I was surprised how tasty their veg pho was. Everyone eating around me seemed to enjoy it as well.
4	We have been once and would go back.  It's vegan, moderately priced, portions reasonable and you leave with a) no leftovers and b) feeling healthy and unstuffed.
3	My husband and I, visiting here from Washington, D.C., had a mixed experience at Fresh Mint. We both ordered soups (Pho and Fresh Garden Vegetable Soup) that were meh -- we were expecting bolder broths. Note that the "small" soups are actually huge portions. Luckily, the entrees were better. We each had tofu curries that were yummy and satisfying.The Golden Curry Vegetables is excellent, while the Fresh Lemongrass Tofu was solidly good. My husband used to manage restaurants, and he and I agree that the single thing that Fresh Mint could do to improve its restaurant is hire more employees. There seemed to be one hot cook, one cold prep cook, and one waiter (the owner, we think) for the entire restaurant, which was full at lunch hour. It took us 90 minutes for lunch from the time we walked in to the time we got our check -- too long for a weekday lunch. We were especially surprised that it took almost 30 minutes to get the soup appetizers, which are all pre-made, out of the kitchen. We had a leisurely schedule, but other diners might not. If you have the option of dining at Fresh Mint during non-rush times, it might be a better bet. The food was good, but we'd have to seriously weigh whether to make a return trip based on the time it took us to get served. I couldn't find Fresh Mint's Web site with a Web search before I went there, but it's http://freshmint.us.com.
3	I truly wish I could give this place 3.5 stars. I love the concept of this restaurant. I spoke with the chef/owner's husband who was our server and he mentioned that they have a few other Fresh Mint restaurants, one of which is in Hawaii. I ordered the cucumber rolls (appetizer) and my bf ordered the pho. It took an exceptionally long time to get our food after lunch rush hour. While I appreciate that everything is made when you order it... An hour seems like an aweful long time to wait for julienned veggies wrapped in raw cucumber with a side of peanut sauce. The pho followed a few moments later. I liked it but my compadres felt it was less than authentic. Bottom line... Go here if you are in the mood for healthy fair that's vegan friendly and you're not in a rush!
4	Very tasty. A bit pricey for the portion sizes, which isn't unusual for this neighborhood, but it is for a little casual placer like this. However, it's the only vegan restaurant on this side of town so it's worth it if you're craving a fresh, non-meaty treat.
4	The fried imperial rolls and the fried rice are pretty good. The last time I went in there the guy told me that there are a few of their items that arnt actually vegan, so if you are looking for something vegan make sure you ask. Its not the best vegan food ive had, but its still pretty good!!
4	The name is fresh mint however I did not see many mint items on the menu.I  was in a hurry and got a to go order off the $8 lunch menu. The menu has many options for traditional veggie favorites to some with fake meat. I wanted to give a faux cow a try and I went with the Mongolian beef. It took about 6 min and I was given my 3 compartment Styrofoam box.Inside the main compartment was the Mongolian beef with fancy cut carrots onions and celery. Brown rice on the side (a nice no charge up grade) and a small salad. Not bad for $8.The Mongolian beef was decent not evident it was faux cow, the veggies were crisp the sauce was a bit bland however. The rice was cooked well and the salad was fresh and crisp. The portion size was a bit smaller than some one of my size would like. That is the key to "healthily food", less food what a great business model.
4	If I had to describe this place in one word, that word would be "AWESOME." Really stretching my vocab there, huh? My inability to muster clever language at 6 am aside, this place really is great. I'm always on the lookout for good vegetarian places and this one was no disappointment. I was in Scottsdale, AZ for the weekend visiting some relatives and my mom and I decided to try this place for lunch (after I had found it using the "nearby" search function of Yelp. And guess what? There was another group dining while we were there and we overheard them say they also found the place on Yelp. Fresh Mint needs one of those stickers on the front door that says "People Love Us On Yelp."Like I said, this place is vegetarian and probably 90% vegan. So vegans, be not afraid. I ordered the Mushroom Wonder and a bowl of the Vietnamese Hot and Sour Soup, and my mom ordered the Rainbow Wonder with Vegetable soup in a garlicy broth. Both were delish. And from looking over the menu I surmised there probably wasn't a dish that wasn't tasty. Everything looked so good.This place is mid-priced. Not cheap as dirt, but the food was worth every penny. The owner was super friendly and the atmosphere was clean, fresh, and inviting. My ONLY knock on this place and maybe the reason I didn't give it a 5th star, is that the service was slow. Quite slow. They could probably use another staff member or two during peak hours, but it was just the husband and wife owners and one other employee for Saturday lunchtime. If you're on the go and really need something quick - you're probably better off hitting up the Subway next door. But if you have some time to sit down and enjoy and great lunch or dinner, Fresh Mint is THE place!
4	Tried the kung pao soy chicken to go.  The lunch special comes with a scoop of rice, and small portion of salad.  The outstanding feature is the flavorful sauce which complements the soy chicken and veggies very well.  The veggies and chicken themselves are prepared very well.  The veggies are not too hard or soft, and the chicken is tender.  While the mock chicken was good, I still could detect that it was faux chicken in texture and taste.
1	This place could have been amazing, I'll never know.My husband, who is vegetarian/vegan, and I, being Vietnamese, thought this would be a great place to try during our visit to PHX this past weekend. The trouble started when the owner, a white man, asked me why I didn't have a "vietnamese nose". I was taken aback, and did not know how to respond. I said, "what do you mean?" he replied, "you know, wider and flatter. You know, my wife is Chinese and raised in Vietnam." I was flabbergasted. I mean, I know he wasn't intending to be hurtful or borderline racist or whatnot, but it really bothered me that he felt he could say this to a complete stranger, let alone a patron in his restaurant, and that he felt justified simply because his wife is asian?? All I could muster up was "uhhh you'll find that people can look a variety of ways."  I don't know, even though he apologized, my husband and I were left with a very bad taste in our mouths and we ended up leaving before we could order. The owner was just weird, unprofessional, and inappropriate. It doesn't matter if the food is good, we weren't even able to get to that point.  It all turned out great though, because we ended up going to Green (see my review) that was close by, and it ended up being even better.
5	We are always on the hunt for vegan fare so dropped in to Fresh Mint for lunch.  We expected to find the usual sandwiches and soups.  Instead we had a whole menu of asian cuisine, beautifully prepared and presented while seated at a table with a real tablecloth.  Who knew?  We'll be back.
4	I had lunch here and had a pleasant experience. I had the Kung Pao Soy Chicken lunch special for $8.00. It was not only freshly prepared and delicious but had generous portions that included salad and brown rice. I had the Iced Thai coffee as well that was just as tasty. The owner was friendly. The service was good even through a busy lunch rush. I will go back to try other items.
4	I was compelled to try Fresh Mint based on its healthy and appetizing menu.  I am happy to report that I wasn't disappointed.  While the pictures on the internet led me to believe the restaurant was more upscale, it was a clean and cozy space located in one of Scottsdale's many strip malls.I started off dinner with an appetizer of cucumber rolls - light and tasty.  For my entree, I tried the curry apple tofu with brown rice.  It was flavorful and filling.  The portion size was just right.   Against my better judgment (as I mentioned, the entree was filling), I went in for dessert.  The coconut mango tapioca could have been skipped.  The flavor was okay but the consistency was runny for my tastes.Overall, I found Fresh Mint delightful.  The owner was extremely attentive and personable.  I will definitely return when I'm in town.
3	I pass this shopping center every day on my way to work and read some great things on Yelp. One of my best friends is vegetarian so I thought it would be nice for us to try it out. We got there around 12:15 yesterday and grabbed the last remaining table. We were greeted promptly and had our order taken within about 5 minutes after being seated. I ordered the fried spring veggie rolls ($6) that were delicious. I kept snacking off the fried crispy pieces of the sides. For lunch, I had ordered the curry tofu and potatoes ($8). It came with carrots mixed in the curry sauce with rice and salad. I equally enjoyed the salad and curry sauce over the rice. I didn't care for the spongy tofu and would have liked more vegetables in the curry rather than just potatoes and carrots. This lunch was just okay. The service was horrible. I didn't get my lunch until 12:50 p.m. The owner was aware of it and apologized but apologies don't prevent me from getting back to work on time. When we were ready to pay, it took forever for him to pick up the check. My friend had to flag him down to get his attention. Very irritating. Timely service in a restaurant is important to me. I would have average food and phenomenal service, as opposed to, phenomal food and terrible service. Overall, the food was decent/mediocre at times with terrible service. It's doubtful I would go back.
4	I've been to Fresh Mint several times over the past years and always have a great meal. Having changed jobs, I find myself in that part of town less, but revisited last week with a vegetarian friend and a girlfriend who dabbles. I, on the other hand, enjoy being an omnivore, but regardless of culinary position, this place is just plain great. I'm amazed at how flavorful the sauces are and the menu is fairly diverse with great choices. It's run by a husband/wife team who do the serving and cooking, so you're basically eating their home-cooked meals. I've heard it is also a Kosher certified restaurant, so you know you're getting quality food.
3	The food is always great, and I love their lemonade. But wait time during lunch is an issue. If there's only two of us, or God forbid it's just me, I often feel like the owner finds it a burden to seat me. Not a good impression.
4	If I like a restaurant, I make it popular. I have the habit of dragging all my friends to the places I like.This my mission with Fresh mint. As I have no friends in Scottsdale, I need help from fellow yelpers This place is real good!! If you go to Fresh mint, make sure you try the fried rice in a clay pot...it stay hot for the whole time you eat it....tastes YUM!! Their fresh rolls are to die for... to top it all off, the service is just out of the world! Go there and I am sure you won't be disappointed.
5	Fresh Mint is a really great place to get a warm, filling vegetarian/vegan meal! I always start out with some of their garden vegetable soup - it's made with a ginger broth that tastes and feels amazing. I always get it when I'm sick, and I highly recommend it!I also love their stir-fried noodles. The service is great and everything is delicious! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.
3	Went for the 1st time it was pretty busy for lunch on a Monday (considering its fairly new) owners were active in and out of the kitchen, which is always nice to see. Had some good lunch options for a reasonable $8 (comes with small salad and side of rice) I disliked the nickel and dimeing. I added egg rolls and an iced tea and ended up with a just shy of $18 bill... for lunch!! The food was good though. And it's one of the ONLY vegan options within a 5 mile radius of my house that's not a fancy sit down joint. So I'll definitely return. Happy Eating!!!
5	Let me start out by stating that I am not vegetarian or vegan. I will eat (or at least try) anything. That being said, this food was amazing.I had their Spicy Lemongrass Tofu (extra spicy!) with brown rice, and I could not find a single thing wrong with the dish. Being a lunch special ($8 for a perfect portion -- amazing, right?) it came with the rice (no upcharge for brown!) and a salad. The dressing on the salad was just right; not too bold, not too bland, just delicious. Then the main meal... wow. First off, I was impressed by the spice, which doesn't happen often. I'll eat some crazy spicy things, so when I ask for "extra spicy," I want them to bring the heat... and bring it they did! Now I'm not saying this was nuclear hot. It was, again, just right. A couple beads of sweat formed on my forehead, but it didn't interrupt the flavor at all or leave my mouth feeling like Death Valley. Moving on from that, the flavor was incredible, the portion was just the right amount to fill me up; I could not find a single flaw with the food.The only warning I will give is, beware the lunch rush! This place is small and has great food, which means it *will* fill up! This can make service a little bit slow at times when they get overwhelmed, but it is well worth the wait if you've got the time.
5	This was my first vegan/vegetarian restaurant experience. I had the Pad Thai noodles with tofu. I am not a fan of tofu, the texture never seems to be firm enough. However, I found myself uttering the most amazing sentence, "I'm so full but I MUST eat this last piece of tofu."  Yep, it was that good. Unless you must have meat, you should give this place a try.  Oh, and the Jasmine tea (iced or hot) was good as well.
3	I ended up having " soy" chicken , not a place for meat lovers , less quantity ..
2	The most prominent flavor in the food here is the produce, which is fine when you're using high quality produce, but I ordered Pad Thai and expected to taste at least SOME peanut sauce. The Udon noodles were extremely overcooked, soggy, and watery. The best thing I had was the Thai iced tea, but even that wasn't worth the $3.95 price tag. Lunch was about $30 total for two people and two iced teas-- not worth it.
3	First off, let's give some praise to the concept: A vegan, vietnamese-style, Kosher restaurant? That's the coolest thing I've heard since someone explained nonstick frying pans to me. Unfortunately, the service can be a bit slow, and a bit weird, but you've got to give them some credit for opening a place like this.Most of the dishes are composed of rice/noodles, steamed veggies, and one of their vegan meats like chicken, beef, ribs, fish, etc., doused in sauce. It's awesome sauce (saucesome?) but it pretty much negates a lot of the healthier aspects of the dish. Why not wait to add those extra calories with some vegan carrot or chocolate cake instead? As far as recommendations, the lemongrass tofu rolls and green papaya salad are both light, filling and fresh tasting dishes. If you're a sauce-o-holic, opt for the tasty BBQ citrus spare ribs or soy fish in a clay pot.....For those of you who don't want to read any of that, refer to the short & sweet version below:Concept: hell yeah.Service: weird.Selection of "meat": awesome.Vegan desserts: much appreciated.Dishes: varied & satisfactory.Sauces: too heavy.Overall: 3.5 stars. I'll probably go back at some point.
5	Great food. Owners are fantastic. I would eat hear all the time if I lived closer. Great place if your tring to eat healthy!
5	I never leave reviews but I always check Yelp for reccomendations on good eats.  I HAD to leave a review for this place because the food is OUTSTANDING!  The owner and his wife and daughter were all working and were all extremely friendly (they're form Hawaii) and the food was very flavorful and perfectly cooked and presented.  I have been veggie for 7 years now and haven't found a place I love this much since I lived in NYC.  Oh and they're mango pudding for dessert was to die for.  5 stars awesome place!  I would go every day if it was more convenient to me.
4	Yummy! $8 for a healthy and delicious lunch.  Good portion size, not huge, not too small.  Had the Eggplant with Basil.  Looking forward to trying the veggie kabobs next time.
1	Eek! Methinks not, indeed!Okay, I never usually give a place a 1 star because I have this moral dilemma with it... BUT, I also never usually walk out of a restaurant. So, I walked in, was awkwardly greeted, and told to have a seat. It was lunch time, so the place was full, but not overflowing with stressed out customers. In all honesty, it was a typical lunchtime scenario inside. *I'd also like to note that I read reviews for slower than average service, so I was prepared to wait a little extra to try the food*Once I sat down, I noticed the server bringing menus over to the patrons that entered immediately before me, but he never came over with one for me. I decided to patiently wait for the next five minutes. That's when I started overhearing the conversation at the table next to me, and to sum it up:I don't know if we can stay and eat, we might have to get it to go.. We've been waiting a long time.Again, that's not verbatim, but it's exactly along those lines. I figured the reviews were right about the food prep times, and continued to wait. After a few more minutes passed by, another couple walked in, were acknowledged and seated, and after a minute, they were given menus (This is about 8-10 minutes in). It was then that the server came over with water for the first couple that had walked in before me. He then walked back to the drink area and brought out two more glasses of water for the couple that came in almost ten minutes after me. With no menu, water or sense of appreciation for wanting to spend my money at Fresh Mint, I got up and walked out.A good way to lose a customer is to not serve them. With service complaints since 2008 on Yelp, I really think something needs to be done. That was unbelievably insulting.
4	Decided to stop in here and do a review before heading over to my networking event. Warm inviting place, delicious scents of the spices used in the dishes teases your appetite as you enter through the door.   Mom and pop restaurant, eat here to support local businesses. Hubby is going the way of vegetarian and vegan so I will definitely be back with him and my son to try out this restaurant!
4	We stopped in for some tasty vegan fare the other day, and man oh man was it delicious!  We both ordered the fresh lemonade, which I gulped down in 2 seconds...yeah, it was that good! We started with the Lotus Salad (lotus root,carrots, cabbage, etc. lots of crunch) which was to die for! The flavors were spot on and the colors in the dish were nice and vibrant. I ordered a spicy lemongrass soup with noodles and tofu and the little woman ordered a mock-beef lemongrass noodle entree, both of which were superb.  The only reason I'm giving this place four stars instead of five is because the dessert was kind of a bust.  We ordered one slice of carrot cake and a slice of chocolate cake.  They ended up being out of the carrot cake, totally not a big deal (even though my heart was a little broken over it) so we ordered 2 slices of the chocolate cake.  They were rather huge and looked tasty, but the cake itself was suuuuper dry, almost like I was chewing on...well something not soft.  I worked in a vegan restaurant back in the day and have totally had soft and moist vegan cakes.  The cake had many layers that were filled with frosting and fruit fillings. I felt like it kind of lacked flavor and I think they can do better.  I wouldn't get the cake again, but the rest of the meal was fantastic and the service was good, too.
4	This place was solidly good. My husband and I ate here when passing through Scottsdale. We actually saw the sign and pulled over because we realized how hungry we were. We shared autumn rolls, which were cut up like sushi. They were quite fresh and the sauce was good.We each had an item from the lunch express menu. I had the Eggplant with Basil and he had the Mongolian Soy Beef. Both came with brown rice and a salad. I really liked the portions - they were just right. The eggplant was wonderfully tender and the dressing on the salad was tasty. The only downsides were that service was a little slow (though quite friendly) and my husband thought the water had a bad smell/taste and he couldn't drink it.If we are in Scottsdale again, we'll go back.
4	Definitely a solid lunch time choice. I should note, I did not dine-in, but I got the vegetable curry to-go. Oh my. Pleasantly surprised, the curry wasn't too spicy, just right. The salad that comes with the lunch special, was simple but had amazing flavor, and they gave me the choice of brown or white rice. The lunch special cost me about $8.74 (including tax). I hadn't really read any reviews on yelp or other sites, just looked at the star count on Urbanspoon. I decided to take a leap of faith on this place, and I was definitely NOT disappointed. Will be returning and trying some of their other dishes.For right now, as it's what I had for lunch. I would definitely recommend the Golden Vegetable Curry. It's the right amount of food, without stuffing your stomach too full. I also feel like I made a good healthy decision by eating here instead of fast food, however, my order only took about 10 minutes to make (so still pretty damn fast). One last thing, this place is vegan. They serve soy beef and soy chicken for some dishes, but there is no meat. I am giving them 4 stars for right now, as I have only tried one dish, but so far I'm impressed.
4	My ball and chain has been training for a half marathon and therefore, I have been suffering the onslaught of veggies and non-fried fare. So let's just say I wasn't thrilled at his choice for lunch. And then I ate my words. And my veg. We started with the summer rolls and they were yummy. I didn't miss the meat at all. The peanut dipping sauce was tasty, although a little thick... which was actually nice. I had the Pad Thai as an entree and the salad that came with it was super fresh and tasty. I usually like my salad served with a side of lettuce and enough other junk to qualify it as not so healthy (hello, blue cheese!). This salad was good and it didn't leave me missing anything. The Pad Thai wasn't as spicy as I usually like, but the broccoli on top made up for it. Ryan had the Chicken and veg. Well, the SOY chicken and veg. I couldn't help but crack a joke about what I like to have when I'm craving some chicken.... actual chicken. I have to admit the soy chicken was good and the texture was stellar. His had more spice and was super tasty. Top it off with a hot cup of Jasmine tea and I was happy. We'll definitely be back.
4	This is my wife's favorite place. As a vegan the food is spectacular, the rolls, the soup the vegan pepper steak mmmmmm. But I must admit the service is pretty awful expect to wait and wait and wait. Expect to get thirsty because getting a drink let alone a refill is nearly impossible. If the owner is working he tries but always seems overwhelmed. If the waitress they have is working you should bring your own drink and don't expect anything more than a head nod. She is as pleasant as a brick wall. But the food, oh that food .  . .  it's worth it!
5	Awesome vegetarian Pho, summer rolls and thai iced tea. I crave this food! It's my favorite vietnamese style...with lots of other options too.
4	Consistent.  Fresh Mint offers a very consistent product. This is a vegetarian restaurant with a Kosher designationl. The menu is Asian, with traditional dishes served with tofu or just veggies.  The tofu is flavored/shaped as with it's more traditional dish (i.e. Kung Poa has chicken-flavored tofu, Beef dishes taste more like beef).  Personally, I prefer plain tofu over flavored and they will substitute to your taste.  Also, for GF'ers, they do have some dishes that are GF (no soy sauce--such as curries).  No upcharges for any subs or even brown rice...At lunch, hardly a seat is available. It's nice to see that this is more crowded than the fast food joint that is closer to the street.  A slight tention can be felt for the business of the staff; however, this restaurant is consistant every time...it's worth trying folks.
5	Ok, you know you love a place when you've been there twice in one week.  The first time I went I got the Fresh Island Green Salad and Fried Imperial Rolls.  The second time: the Curry Apple Tofu and the Fried Imperial Rolls.  (As you can tell I adore the rolls!)  What I love about this place is that they give a generous amount of food AND it's good!  A lot of veggie places go a little too far with the "portion control" lol!  The presentation is thoughtful and creative.  The man who takes your order is friendly and playful too.  This place definitely is an instant fave :)
3	Fresh Mint is definitely a vegetarian's restaurant.   For a meat eater, not so much. However, I wanted fresh veggies so I thought I would finally check out the joint.   I ordered the spring rolls and Pad Thai.   Love the spring rolls! Fresh veggies with tofu wrapped in rice paper and cut into nice pieces which makes it easy to eat.  The peanut sauce was really good.  Pad Thai came out steaming hot!  However, taste wise I prefer a Thai pad thai, meaning spicy! Spicy missing from the noodle dish.  It was still good, sweet, and perfectly cooked veggies however, it needed a kick!  Not bad, I will still try another dish there another lunch time, the pho looked good.
4	My second time here was as good as the first.   This place seats about 40 people but only three booths.  The rest are 4 top tables with about 4 tables on the patio.  This place is nothing special to look at, located on a pad in a strip shopping center but, the food is very, very good.Tonight we had the spring rolls, summer rolls, pad thai, and kung pao chicken.  All the dishes were just perfect with the fresh vegetables cooked to perfection.  Portions are generous and the price is right.This is a vegetarian joint so be aware, the chicken is NOT chicken.  It is run by a husband and wife team out of Hawaii (wife cooks, husband serves)and they definitely have their following of regulars.  The muzak is 60s-70s generation which I enjoyed.Great value, great food.  Will be back for sure.
3	Try the lemonade with mint.  yummmm!     The food is very fresh, but depending on what you're looking for ......it's more asian than vegetarian in my opinion.
4	I ordered takeout from here recently...and it was delicious! I phoned in my order during a busy dinner time, so it was a bit chaotic and the food took a longer than they had quoted me, but it was worth the wait. I had the imperial rolls, which are like veggie-filled non-greasy egg rolls, and the pad thai. I wasn't sure about a vegetarian pad thai without chicken/shrimp, but neither was missed because the flavor was amazing. Definitely will be ordering food from here again--just maybe during a less busy time.
3	Enjoyed their autumn roll with ginger sauce and tasted my friend's dish with tamarind sauce.  Both tasty, healthy, light lunch fare.
4	The food here is amazing! I have been here several times both during the work week and on the weekend.This is not a good place to come and dine-in if you have limited time (such as a lunch break). The service is pretty slow. Even slower if there are a lot of people dining during a peak time. I recommend calling for takeout if you are on a tight schedule.If you have plenty of time and don't mind waiting a little while, I feel that it is worth it. Everything I have tried has been very good. My favorite is the Sesame Soy, which is teriyaki-style tofu with sesame seeds sprinkled on top, with a side of rice and steamed vegetables.One thing I found a little weird, though it isn't necessarily a bad thing, was that they only give forks to eat with. They have other utensils if you need them, but you have to ask.I am not a vegetarian anymore, but I still greatly enjoy vegetarian and vegan food. I recommend this place to pretty much everyone if they enjoy good, clean food and don't mind a little wait to get it.
4	Outstanding food, fresh and delicious. Phoenix is desperate for more restaurants such as this. My only complaint was with the somewhat confused service on a quiet evening, but I'm betting they were just having an off-night. Well-worth the drive from any part of the Valley.
3	I went here a while ago and forgot to write a review.  It was ok but not great.  The atmosphere was very sterile, food was good and service was ok.  I was glad we weren't in a rush as the service definitely wasn't fast.  I would go back again and give it another try.
4	We like to get take out from here on occasion. The service is friendly enough and the food is Yummers but my gripe is the pricing :p $14 for a veggie hot pot?? The food is good, can't complain but it's just hard to see where they justify this kind of pricing. We will come back again I'm sure....my wallet just needs some recovery time though...
5	We drive out to eat at this place!  Very good food.  Very nice service!  The food is always really good!  Love it!
2	Having lived in San Francisco, where I used to go to vegetarian/Asian restaurants I expected something with a more flavor. Ordered Golden Curry for lunch, and it was very bland, with a slight rancid oil taste in it. No coconut milk or curry flavor in it. There were only two small cubes of tofu in this serving. The brown rice was OK, and the salad average.The wait for the food was long, and also to get the check.It would help to have some ready made food for the lunch hour, but according to their website they prepare everything at the time of the order. This might be good for many other dishes on the menu, but a curry gets better when prepared beforehand, and sits a little bit to deliver more flavor......
4	Delicious kosher food in Scottsdale?  Vegetarian? Awesome!We go to this restaurant regularly.  The food is always great.  The service, as many other yelpers have mentioned, can be excruciatingly slow some times.  I will say that in the last month or so, they have hired some more waiters and those boys are hustlin'.  It's an improvement, but I agree with others who have said this might not be a good choice if you are short on time.I like the Ginger Soy Beef, Veggie Hot Pot, Kung Pao Chicken and so on and so on.  The food is very good, but not super spicy how I like it.  I would recommend this spot for the great food and the improvements in service.
3	I got the lotus shoot salad and my friend had the fresh lemongrass tofu--which is actually fried. Mine was alright. Hers was pretty good. But it was all sort of lackluster and boring. It just seemed like something you could get anywhere.
4	Although it's on Scottsdale Rd I must admit it'd be easily overlooked given it's located in the center of a strip mall.  The dining area is small but bright.  Upon entering at lunchtime I found a full house but was welcomed with a smile.  Thankfully there was a small table in the rear that was perfect for me since I was dining alone.Per their website, Fresh Mint puts a Vietnamese twist on regular vegetarian dishes.  All of their dishes are 100% vegetarian and made only when ordered to guarantee freshness. Although I could order off of the regular menu I was grateful for the lunch menu that offered several of their main dishes for a lunch time price, which also helped me narrow down my entree of choice. One drawback I found is that the regular dinner prices of entrees cost up to  $14, which is more expensive than I'd like to pay for the location and ambiance of Fresh Mint.  This is not necessarily something that would keep me from eating here but I would definitely keep in mind. Maybe I'll just stick to lunch.Ultimately I chose the Kung Pao Soy Chicken that contains spicy classic Kung Pao sauce with garlic, white and green onions, soy chicken, zucchini, bell pepper, carrots and peanutsI patiently waited for my food while I enjoyed watching the hustle and bustle of the lunchtime crowd.  In addition, my seat was located right next to the bar where the rolls and salads were being prepared.  Soon my lunch arrived.I've found that I prefer my tofu pretty well done and not squishy inside, so I'm always hesitant to try new dishes...but my tofu was done perfectly!  With that being said, I'm sure you're not surprised that I ate every morsel of food on my plate.
4	4 stars for : healthy, vegan, TONS of options, something for the noodle person and something for the salad person, lunch special options and a gluten-free menu. Mostly for the fact that it's vegan and doesn't do all crappy vegan processed food... I've been here twice and both times ordered carry out - first time was so long ago that I can't recall what I had besides a thai iced tea.  Today I opted for their Fresh Mint Salad ($8), and I wanted it to be more traditional Vietnamese so I ordered vermicelli noodles on the side ($3-4). I was hoping the salad would be a bit more 'shredded' rather than diced, but it was good. The flavors are somewhat bland -- they don't use too many spices, herbs, (NO MSG) etc but I was really needing a good, clean, light taste. I also got their thai iced tea (made with coconut milk) - $4. Their thai iced teas are PHENOMENAL, but they are pricey comparatively (which is FINE BY ME! as long as I know it's vegan and not made with crappy condensed milk).All in all - the food is healthy and light - but don't expect robust/rich/salty/greasy/oily tastes as you would expect in your local Chinese/Asian veggie stir fry. (Hey guys, that means it's better for you). Their noodle/stir fry may be different altogether, but that's not the vibe I got. It's a bit pricier than the average lunch if you order off the regular menu -- otherwise they have $8 lunch specials (but it's vegan and healthy-- to me that's worth it). I'd like to come back and try one of the lunch specials or entrees. I liked it. I didn't LOVE it, but I'd come back. Psst, they also have a gluten free menu! YAY. Cons: I wish they'd stop using styrofoam containers and plastic bags.
2	Having heard many fantastic reviews, I was eager to make the 40 minute trek from Old Town to Fresh Mint for some delicious vegetarian food. However, after my experience, I can confidently say that I wouldn't come back to this restaurant even if it were 5 minutes away. To begin, the place was empty and our server was sitting at a table reading a book when we walked in. She seemed peeved that we were there, and dropped the menus on the table without a single greeting. After taking our order (pad thai and colorful vegetables) she went behind the counter and played on her phone for the entire duration of our visit. Not fantastic service. In terms of the food: The sauce in both dishes was too sweet to eat, and the food was just bland and lacked flavor. I had to yell across the restaurant to get my server's attention for sriacha, and when she brought it to the table, there was only a teaspoon of sriacha in the ramekin. Now, I frequent many restaurants and I myself work in the industry, so I know what good food and good service is. Fresh Mint lacked in both of these areas. It's a shame.
5	This place is legendary!Back-story:So my mom desperately needed a break from taking care of my father who just had a total knee replacement and I decided to take her out to lunch. Now, my mom is a picky eater and generally only goes to the same three restaurants for lunch and dinner, so when I asked her where she wanted to go and she deferred the question back to me, I responded in a sarcastic tone "Fresh Mint, its a vegan restaurant that is pretty amazing," thinking she would ignore the suggestion and say "let's go to Chili's". Well, I don't know know if she was high on my Dad's Vicodin or the world is indeed ending in December of 2012, but she actually agreed and off we went to the strip mall on Thunderbird and Scottsdale.Restaurant-story:The restaurant itself is small, but because two of the walls are glass windows it doesn't give you a claustrophobic feel and somehow the neon green and bright purple walls (which had a giant metal mint leaf on it) help out as well. There are three booths, which could sit four (skinny people) comfortably, four four-top tables, and four two-top tables, with a few tables outside. We were greeted immediately by one of the co-owners (the husband) who let us choose where we would like to sit (there was only one table occupied) and handed us our menus. My mother ordered a plain iced tea and I decided to mix it up and go with their Thai iced tea. This deliciousness consists of Thai tea, a little bit of sugar, and coconut milk. I found it to be super sweet and rich that it should be considered a dessert as opposed to a routine drink with meals.The portions here are a decent size and the lunch time prices are perfect. We split the Fresh Autumn Rolls($6), Fresh Island Green Salad ($9), and the Steamed Veggies served with a side of peanut sauce. Everything was so fresh tasting and even my mother enjoyed everything! She actually said she would come back to this place for lunch anytime, leaving Fresh Mint legendary in my book!
5	This restaurant is such a refreshing discovery in North Scottsdale!  The food is incredible, it is definitely my new favorite vegan restaurant and I have frequented many in the Phoenix area including Green, The Loving Hut, and others.  This is definitely my favorite for several reasons.  First, the chef is amazing (it is the owner) and her husband actually served us our food.  They are from Hawaii and the restaurant itself is a warm, friendly, welcoming environment for everyone.  The food was high quality for more than reasonable prices and was very filling.  I eat ALOT so that was imporatant to me as I sometimes leave vegan restaurants still hungry. I would also feel very comfortable taking all of my carnivore friends to this restaurant as I believe they would be unable to tell the difference between the delicious vegan protien (faux meat) and the real thing.  In fact, I believe we will be hosting our carnivore friends for Thanksgiving and offering prepared food from this restaurant as an option at dinner- it is that tasty! The chef's husband personally delivered our food, was very friendly and initiated very nice conversation with my partner and I.  We truly felt welcomed and will be returning weekly unless something can beat this!  It should be noted that I have very little time on here to write reviews and specifically joined this site because I felt so strongly about promoting this restaurant through an online review that I created an account!  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	This place is locally owned, has a lengthy menu, and serves fantastic vegan/vegetarian food. If you haven't been you seriously need to give it a try. One of my favorite restaurants for years.
4	A friend and I discovered this place because we're always on the search for places that offer gluten free options. They have a large gluten free menu that I was very impressed with. We ordered the autumn roll, sweet and sour soup, lemongrass curry, and the coconut tapioca for desert. The food was GREAT! My favorite was the soup. We went on a Saturday night at around 6:30pm, the place wasn't full but had a good amount of people. When we walked in we weren't sat or greeted by anyone. Since this was our first time, we made our way to the cash register assuming that's where we ordered. Told the man it was our first time, ordered our food. He thought we were ordering to-go since we ordered at the register, we told him no, we were dining in and then he sat us. After that, the service was great. The food came out quickly and the server was nice and attentive. To be fair, there was only one person taking the orders and another running the food. Definitely will be coming back here because the food was just top notch. Highly recommended!
4	very good and lovely service.we had the pho (not the best I've had but we certainly devoured it)the kung pao chicken (very good!)and the citrus spare ribs (also quite good)I will say that if you're craving the spare ribs after hours i used to buy a substitute at whole foods that tastes just like it. same company also makes a pepperblack steak option that might be similar to the one on the menu here. But nothing to compare with the kung pao chicken!
5	I was excited to visit this vegetarian restaurant during a recent visit after reading great reviews on yelp and I was not disappointed!I had the ginger/citrus ribs and in a word, it was YUMMY.
2	I was really excited to try this place but I just wasn't a fan.  First of all the bathroom had no soap for me to wash my hands.  The owner seemed really frazzled that he had just stocked the soap in there and maybe someone stole it.  He was helpful in getting some but it was still annoying.Then the dish I ordered was not good at all.... Hot Pot.  I'm sure it was an issue of personal tastes vs. quality but the whole vegetarian fake fish grossed me out.The prices are a bit high and I just won't be going back.Oh, I also tried the lemonade (expensive and I couldn't see or taste any mint in it.)
4	for a vegan place, it's decent.  their menu is a combination of thai and vietnanese inspired cuisine.  my only complaint is that their portions relatively small and it's a little pricier.
5	Amazing food! I frequent this place often. Their dishes are tasty and filling. Everything is fresh and made right when you order it!
3	This place is just okay - nothing amazing. We have liked our food here, but it was nothing out of this world.
5	Awesome place must do in Phx!!!
1	I see that other people here have had a similar experience as myself. The food is well-prepared, but it's nearly imposssible to get service! When I was there, I saw only 5 other people in the place. There were two waiters, and the owner, and the cook in the kitchen. I had to get up out of my seat to get noticed. The wait staff just stood there are stared at the ceiling. What? Not ever glancing over at the customers. When I paid my check, the owner NEVER came back with my change. I had to get up (again) and ask for my change. He didnt even remember I paid him. Again, the place was not crowded. The food is average. Certainly not better than what I can prepare at home!
2	I've only been here once but the time I went, I felt the food was a bit expensive for what we got. It's not bad and the staff is incredibly nice, but it didn't impress me in particular.Also, when when I ordered the egg roll and asked how many pieces we get, the server told me 8. When the eggroll came, it was just two eggrolls cut into 8 tiny pieces. Haha...what the hell.
1	UPDATE!One of my favorite dinners to pick up is (was) Fresh Mint's vegetable fried rice, which in my numerous other experiences consisted of rice, vegetables, tofu, and veggie meat all pan-fried in some kind of sauce/seasoning. I ordered this tonight, choosing once again to overlook the ridiculous prices and terrible customer service for some delicious food. When asked which kind of rice I wanted, I said brown, and I asked for the onions to be removed. I was told my food would be ready in 20 minutes, so I arrived in 30, knowing FM's slow nature, only to be told (not very politely) that my food was still cooking and to wait. 25 minutes later, I finally got my food, paid, and left without so much as a "thank you for waiting" or "sorry for the wait". Oh well, at least I knew my food would be as amazing as always. I rushed home, and alas! It was time to chow down on my.... burnt and unseasoned WHITE rice, chock-full of onions, missing the veggie meat, and with only 3 pieces of tofu?! Uh oh.Lesson learned: the drive and the money you'll spend to eat from Fresh Mint will get you nothing more than almost an hour of wasted time and food far different and worse than what you ordered. And after I've supported you all these years, FM? Sigh.
4	I ordered the pad thai. it was pretty tasty. Seems to be a family run restaurant. Very nice staff, but they all looked overly stressed and hectic which I understand running a small business. If i'm ever in the area i'll check them out again but its just too far of a drive for me to stop by all the time.
5	I have had the opportunity to go here twice recently and loved it both times.  The food is fresh and healthy.  The service is a little slow but that is due to everything being cooked fresh upon order, which is defiantly worth the wait.
4	Excellent food,vegetables cooked perfectly! Kung pow soy chicken very tasty...good service will visit again.
1	BACK STABBED - THIS FOOD IS NOT FOR VEGGIES OR VEGANS !! "This is NOT for the extremely high prices for the food."These people are adding eggs in their cakes and other items and serves along vegan dishes. They asked us to try some vegan desserts after main course and we ordered carrot cake (they did not tell us this before that they had eggs in it)I heard somebody talking and asking ingredients and I also asked and then they disclosed. I was seriously annoyed with this service. When I asked owner why the hell they are serving this nonsense cakes to cheat on customers, and he explained proudly that they are kosher and no vegan bakeries in Scottsdale, AZ!! I explained two times that why cake is so important!  Can't they serve vegan desserts apart from cake s if they are not available, in a vegan restaurant and he could not understand or accept it.I see a clear strategy to make couple of more dollars on every order without notifying customers in the name of cakes having eggs.BEWARE THIS IS NOT A VEGAN RESTAURANTS IT HAS ANIMAL INGREDIENTS IN MANY OF THEIR ITEMS!!!I had drunk lots of salt with hot water later on and had 3-4 vomits after it by manually inserting fingers in my throat to clean my stomach.NEVER VISIT AGAIN!
5	My husband and I went for the first time this weekend. My husband was admittedly skeptical but gave in for my birthday lunch. Skipping ahead the food was far beyond what we expected and we ate ever single morsel on our plates. We were tempted to order more to take with us except it was a but pricey, so we are definitely looking forward to going back,soon. Service was fast and very nice people,none of the awkwardness I had read about in other reviews. Food delicious and beautifully presented. Very happy to have finally tried this place.
4	The only things that I don't like about this place are the prices and the wait. Other than that its amazing!
4	Nice find in the Phoenix suburbs.  Kind of an Asian version of Green.  Lots of vegetarian dishes to choose from.  I got the veggie fried rice while my date got the lotus salad.  Maybe a little pricey for what it is, but the service from the staff was excellent and it was a nice cozy comfortable setup.  I don't frequent vegetarian restaurants often, but the veggie fried rice with tofu was pretty tasty and the portion was quite hearty.  Even if you're a carnivore like me its worth a try.  Vegans and vegetarians alike will love this place.
4	The service can be slow but it is worth it for a vegetarian/vegan...or anyone really! The owners are friendly and nice. The food is delicious and fresh. I highly recommend it if you are looking for a healthy, delicious veggie meal.
5	My fiance is trying to eat healthier and avoid meat products so I'm trying my best to limit my meat consumption. We were in Scottsdale and found this nice little restaurant nearby. The service was a little slow but everyone was very friendly. The cucumber rolls with peanut sauce were delicious. The Golden Soy Chicken Delight was really good it was hard to believe the chicken was actually tofu. We will plan on visiting this restaurant again the next time we're on that side of town.
5	Owners treat everyone like their most valued customers.  They are friendly, chatty and genuinely warm and welcoming.  Nothing is ever a problem.The food is wonderful and they do very creative things with meat substitutes.  Generous portions, excellent prices, high quality dishes that are served pleasing to the eye, nose and mouth.  Great to have a top notch Kosher place in North Scottsdale.
5	I'm in love with Fresh Mint!   This place is amazing.   And I'm NOT a vegetarian!!    We had a gift certificate so we went all out and tried lots of different options on our first visit.  I'll give you the scoop, but for a quick snapshot -here's the deal: -super affordable, meals between $5-10.-generous portions-delicious & flavorful foods (Kung Pao!) -friendly staff-casual environment First up:  Fresh summer rolls and Green Papaya salad.    The spring rolls were beautiful. Wow!  They had a little more lettuce than I personally prefer, but the taste was still great.  The papaya salad was delicious.  It was not spicy at all, and I will probably ask for a little more spice or peanut sauce on the side next time, but it was so flavorful it still hit the spot.  Two of us shared this dish and I still took home enough for another meal the next day - definitely good for sharing.  Next course: Pho / Five Spice Noodle Soup. This dish amazed me.  A little sweet, so savory and rich flavored.  Tasted like homemade beef pho.  My family has Pho for Christmas each year - this definitely could be in the running for my favorite Pho! Entrees:   Upon recommendations from our server, we chose the Pad Thai & the Kung Pao dishes.   Both were generous portions and bursting with flavor.  They are also just beautifully plated.  I like my Pad Thai with a little more kick, so would request that next time around.   The Kung Pao was PERFECT!  I highly, highly recommend this dish. Dessert:  Well, as if we hadn't had enough yet - we let ourselves get talked into the chocolate cake.   Oh my!  It was a delicacy!   This massive slice of chocolatey goodness was a 4 or 5 layer cake with a fruity filling (strawberry or raspberry?), a creme layer, another chocolate creme layer and a fabulous icing.  It was quite decadent.  Vietnamese iced coffee and lemonade were also enjoyed!   We took home 4 to go boxes (papaya salad, pad thai, kung pao, and chocolate cake!), so the portions are definitely generous.  The food was not heavy so we left feeling satisfied. The staff were friendly and attentive. The prices were so affordable, this is definitely a place that can be a regular go-to spot!   LOVE this place!
5	Wow! Did not expect this place to be so neat! And delicious! Super friendly people, literally catered to exactly what I wanted! Super pleased with this place and will be back! Yum
5	I stumbled on this place because it was close to my hotel while I was on business.  I couldn't believe my luck!  Everything I ordered was delicious.  I ordered the citrus spare ribs, which were so good that I ate the leftovers at the airport the next morning (that's saying something, for a business traveler!), and the lemongrass noodle soup, which was so generously portioned (and packed perfectly for takeout so the noodles didn't get mushy) and amazingly flavorful!  The broth was to die for and I'm usually a little underwhelmed by pho broth.  I also went a little crazy and ordered the autumn rolls, which were fresh and tasty.  I live in NYC and wish I had this place near my home!  I will definitely return here for the delicious food and friendly service when I'm back in the area!
4	From a non-vegetarian. Very good, had some nice curry, I'd come back. Was reluctant but they won me over!
5	The Summer Roll appetizer and the Mushroom Entree was delicious.  This is my first of many trips here. All Aces!
3	Kosher and vegetarian. A definite plus. The dishes are delicious and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The servings though, in comparison to their price, are quite small and disappointing. For example, I ordered an appetizer for $6 and it was served as 6 pieces of raw vegetables with a small cup of peanut sauce. Main dish servings are approximately a heaping cup of food. For a small break, try the lunch menu for an array of their popular dishes for $8 each. Servings are still small.
5	I love this place! The owner is so friendly and accommodating! He goes out of his way to provide good service. The food is so yummy too! I believe his wife is the chef but whoever it is works magic! I'm a recent plant food advocate trying to be a better vegetarian and I love the selection! It makes me so happy to know that I'm eating healthy and saving a few animals along the way...or at least not munching on them (that's just me). Even if you like meat though, you'll appreciate the great flavors. Lots of options and the faux stuff will satisfy you - I guarantee it. I can't wait to try something new next time I go. P.S. The thai ice tea is my favorite! Oh and be sure to try the fried imperial rolls- they're so good!
5	My husband and myself can never say enough good about this restaurant.It is the only vegan place we choose to dine in and is always consistent in its excellence.Run by the owners who are there to speak with you.We always love going there and are never disappointed.Sara & Michael H
4	Rare vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix.  The food is very  good and fresh. Service is a little slow but worth it. I had the lemon grass tofu which was fragrant and delicious.  Carnivore husband was very impressed with his mock Kung pao chicken .
4	I'm not a vegetarian.  I was in the area and wanted Pho.  I was skeptical of the "Vegetarian Pho" but decided to give it a try.  Not bad at all.  The broth was a little lighter (less flavorful) than traditional beef Pho, but that's to be expected if there's no beef.  The hoisin and sriracha served on the side helped a lot.  The soup was served with a nicely plated stack of cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts, a few sprigs of cilantro, and lime wedge.  I was a little disappointed at the lack of cilantro and basil.  The soup did contain tofu and some very interesting fake beef, which wasn't bad.  Overall, I enjoyed my lunch.Service was excellent even though the place was very busy for lunch.  The other dishes I saw being served looked very good.  I'd be willing to come back and try another dish (maybe the Kung Pao "chicken"?)  Decor is a mix of trendy/hipster, kind of like a Pita Jungle feel to it.  (Tip to management, you might want to iron the tablecloths.  This doesn't bother me but you are in the middle of one of the snobbiest parts of Scottsdale so just a suggestion.)For Pho, I will stick to traditional Vietnamese restaurants.  I would definitely recommend this place to a Vegetarian/Vegan friend, though.
5	Absativley awesome! Let me say that I am a total meat eater but I went with my girlfriend last night to try it out (she's the vegetarian) and I ordered the soy Kung pow chicken. SO GOOD! I tasted no difference, we also ordered their lemonade, once again SO GOOD! The service was outstanding for a packed house! I will totally be returning
5	Ok, the reviews are pretty spot on about the Papaya green salad.This was an excellent experience. I think I was here 3 different times over the weekend, I was that impressed.Servings were quite healthy (for a hearty eater like me), the Green Papaya was everything people said it would be and more.Fresh and invigorating. On my second visit I had the curry. And this is what I liked so much about it: a fine combination of strong flavors that was not overwhelming. You can really taste the different herbs and spices that are in the plate, instead of just bland watered down curry. Very nice! And the lemongrass noodle soup... I think I have found a new comfort food!The good news was that this place was very close to my hotel and made my stay that much more enjoyable. The bad news is that I am going to have a hard time finding the exact same tastes back home, and I will have to come back for some more (or learn the damn recipes!)
5	The food is excellent. As a meat eater I am very impressed with the assortment of "meat type" soy products.
5	Wonderful Asian food!!    It's vegetarian, but many of the dishes have fake meat and all have wonderful sauces and preparations. Vegetarian, vegan, or carnivore, you'll think this place is delicious.  The Rainbow Wonder is fabulous: heavenly, aromatic garlic ginger sauce with vegetables that are fresh and flavorful, plus colorful for a lovely presentation.  The Pad Thai and the Kung Pao are also deliciously prepared and impossible to resist!  The service is friendly and prompt, and the place itself is cute and bright.
4	I really don't like vegan places that try to make vegetable look like real meat, but I have to admit, Fresh Mint does the best job of all the places I've visited.  I had the orange chicken, which was pretty amazing.  I scarfed the whole plate down without even thinking about it.  Service was kind of strange, probably because this is family run, so the husband, wife, and daughter team is serving you.
4	The food here is really good, and there is a lot of variety. I love the mushroom wonder and the vegetarian citrus spare ribs, and I always get the Thai iced tea to go with. Many of the meals come with a nice-sized serving of vegetables, so I leave feeling full but not with that heavy feeling.The owner is friendly and helps make people feel comfortable in the restaurant. I have brought many initially unwilling meat eaters here who ended up really enjoying their food. I gave it four stars because some of the dishes are a little pricey, but I will keep coming back when I want a healthier meal at a friendly place.
5	I absolutely love this place, and would recommend it to anyone!  It is Vegan, and everything I've eaten has been excellent at this restaurant!
5	I love eating here because everything is soooo delicious and the best part is that it's healthy!! No guilt here!!
5	I love her cooking!!! Everything I eat there is absolutely delicious, fresh and very healthy.  I always leave feeling good, like the food nourished me and not poisoned me. One of my favorites!!!I always get the lemon grass soup, peppered steak and thai tea:)
4	great place for lunch! about 10 different options on their lunch menu, so a lot to choose from. Recently started a new diet, and I love this place because everything tastes great and doesn't feel like 'diet food'. You can watch them make everything, and all of their ingredients are fresh. Will continue to come here at least once a week.
1	Thought this would be a cute cafe for lunch. It is only asian no other choices on the menu. Ordered appetizers to start as this is my first time here. I am vegetarian as I do occasionally eat eggs and cheese but this place did not impress. I ordered the kabobs and they were saturated in a thick sauce that smelled burnt as if they scalded it while cooking. It was thick like ketchup ruining the point of fresh vegetables. My friend ordered the cucumber rolls and they were just a sliver of cucumber with a huge chunk of unseasoned tofu and a carrot and maybe a radish sliver. There was another very heavy peanut sauce on the side. My friend said the flavor of the peanut sauce was ok but the rolls needed some flavor and sauce heavy for the dish. Unfortunate because I would love to find a nice vegan place close to home. Will stick to true food, green or loving hut.
5	I work in the airpark and have frankly been surprised to see Fresh Mint stay in business. When they first opened I tried them for lunch a few times and was underwhelmed, mainly with the slow service and somewhat high prices, and remember thinking they wouldn't succeed. Fast forward to today and I gave them another try and what a delight it was. The delightful basil eggplant was simply delicious, reasonably priced and served quickly with a smile. I'll be back.
5	All dishes are absolutely delicious. Most memorably, try the coconut tapioca dessert. Fantastic!
4	Only tried this place once but my dish was great. Soy chicken pad Thai. Hope to come back soon.
5	Delicous, original and quaint. Small business run makes it feel personal. I recommend it to anyone looking for cheaply priced, 100% vegetarian or vegan, Asian style food. Double thumbs up! Enjoy!
3	For a strict vegetarian with limited *good* dining out options, I was excited to try Fresh Mint after several friends told me the food was great. Despite reading many negative reviews about the service, I indeed experienced a waiting time for food that was inexcusable. We were the ONLY 2 people in the restaurant and it took almost 2 hours to get drinks,order, and receive food. The food itsself was about what you'd expect for asian vegetarian, but if I ever came back I would order takeout. Their "patio" is basically in a parking lot facing a strip mall. Not a good ambiance at all, and the decor is tastelessly outdated and drab.
5	This is the first place we tried when we moved to Phoenix, and we've been back many times since! Pros:-Unique vegetarian dishes with beautiful flavors. -Fresh, FRESH vegetables-Friendly service-Seriously some of the most interesting and delicious vegetarian food I've had.Cons:-Can be a bit pricey-Depending on the night, the service may be a bit slow. TL;DR: Go, it's worth it. Especially if you like fresh ingredients and veg food.
1	My first visit will be my last.  I met a friend and we had to wait 10 minutes just to be acknowledged and get a water.  Then had to literally beg for a refill...I had to walk to the kitchen myself to ask for more.  It took 30 minutes to get our order taken and then another 20 to get the food...horrible!  The owner was running around crazily being that he was short handed but there is still a minimum of courtesy and professionalism that should be given.  We were just given the shoulder shrug and look of craziness.  Not a way to handle new customers.  The food was below average.
5	Friendly welcome. Clean bathroom. Quick turnaround on the appetizer. We had the Kung Pao Soy Chicken and the Soy Fish entrees. Both were top notch! Worth the short wait. We'll definitely return next time we're in the area. :)*note: the soy fish dish was on the saltier side according to my taste buds. On our drive home I definitely felt the "salt" in my body.  Now, we usually eat a low-sodium diet so your taste buds may differ in opinion. Happy eating! :)
1	The only reason I am giving this 1-Star rating is because they use STYROFOAM To-Go containers!!!  Ugh...really.  We love the food there at Fresh Mint but we won't be back until they buy a more eco-friendly To-Go container.  They can raise their menu prices 10 cents an item to cover the cost.  I doubt their customers would even notice.  I sure hope the owner reads this.  The owners are from Hawaii and I expect more from them in the way of sustainability.  EcoWare.com is just one of many environmentally friendly container companies.  I hope the owners take my advise and GO GREEN!Please echo my feelings the next time you visit Fresh Mint.  And, while you're at it...tell them not to serve water without the customer asking for it.  This isn't Hawaii, it's the desert.  Thank you for listening...:)
2	It was quite expensive ($60 with tip for two for lunch).  The cucumber rolls were good, they came with a really tasty peanut sauce, but the main dishes were a disappointment for the price, not very flavorful, something I could whip up at home on a week day.Fresh squeezed lemonade was good, but also on the expensive side at $3.95/glass - and not a large water glass, but a goblet.Oh, and to start off the meal, there was lipstick on my water glass. Ugh
5	What an awesome experience! Great service and award winning meal. We had the Signature Lemongrass Curry with Japanese Eggplant. Awesome flavor and very fresh. Also had the Rainbow Wonder. A colorful mix of grilled fresh veggies.This restaurant is the future of dining! Every meal is cooked to order. The effort that goes into the preparation of each dish is rewarding.  The owners should be rewarded with expanding to multiple locations. We drove from Sun City West just to try this place . Well worth the drive but would love to see more locations some day. The only other similar restaurant we can compare this to is Thai Vegan in Albuquerque New Mexico.This IS the future of dining so go check out this wonderful restaurant.
4	Vegans and Vegetarians alike should find plenty of options here! My daughter and I shared a large bowl of Lemongrass Soup plus an order of Pad Thai. Both were beautifully presented, generous and delicious. I will be back next time I am in Phoenix!
3	The good: the food was excellent. We will return but not during the day due to the heat.  The bad: the temperature in the restaurant was over 80 degrees.  The two owners were sitting down having lunch so we seated ourself. It took awhile for the owner to deliver menus in an unfriendly manner. Obviously, we interrupted his lunch. We felt as though we were not welcome. Lunch was excellent though a bit expensive. He finally warned up with a smile after delivering the check.  We would try it again but we would not go out of our way.
4	Fresh, good quality food. Abundance of vegetarian and vegan options.
4	Don't assume that everything is vegan! This is a vegetarian restaurant with lots of vegan options. They have the best lunch menu!! $8 for a tasty vegan lunch.. I've been here a couple times and the dish I usually get is the kung pao soy chicken...Sooooo Gooodd! I give this dish a 10!I have also tried their summer rolls, and they were also really good! Dinner menu is a little pricy...
5	It's so hard to find good vegetarian and vegan restaurants and I wish I would have discovered this place sooner.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  The environment, decor, tastes, and smells make me feel like I am back in the islands.  I am officially making this my new favorite place to eat in north Scottsdale.
5	I did go nuts for this spot. I loved the fresh vegetables and the owner is spot on when it comes to customer service. He was friendly, fast and extremely accommodating. I came here on my lunch alone and they had plenty of local reding material for me to choose from! Local = community supporters Enjoying my veggie, tofu and Stir Fried Noodles. The noodles were delish, topped with assorted vegetables and tofu. The sauce was their special fresh mint brown sauce and they let me order it with extra species!
5	If you're into healthy, vegetarian & vegan food, this is most definitely your spot! The ingredients are always fresh, seasoned well, and cooked to perfection.It could use a facelift & some better decor- especially if we're going by N. Scottsdale standards- but I can't find any fault with the food.Faves: Summer rolls (the peanut sauce is TO DIE FOR), soy lemongrass beef, pad thai, and the imperial rolls are absolutely delish! Can't recommend this place enough!
5	This place. This place. Ohh this place. This place is an anomaly as far as restaurants go. Fresh innovative vegetarian cooking. And the service is extremely friendly. The food is reasonably priced but they have so many good things it's easy to spend a lot.
4	The autumn rolls and pho were fantastic!  The time before we tried the summer rolls which were okay, but needed something more like fresh pineapple.  It was just cabbage in a rice paper roll.  I love that there are so many healthy, tasty options, but I must say the atmosphere is really lacking and reminded me of a kid's playroom with the fluorescent green walls and the giant purple mint leave on the wall.  Despite this with limited vegan and vegetarian options in Scottsdale, I will definitely be back!
2	I have been coming here a long time but I don't feel comfortable returning because I am put off by the owners harsh demeanor. I don't have time to deal with his nasty attitude. The wife is so lovely and sweet but her husband is going to run this business into the ground. It's a real shame because the food is good and healthy even though the prices are pretty outrageous.There just aren't enough healthy restaurants in the area. I wish he would take these reviews about the bad customer service into consideration and change his attitude or hire a manager if he doesn't like working in the service industry. Attitude is everything and although the food is descent I don't want to have to feel like i am burdening someone to take my order. Sorry guys I hope you fire your husband or the business will fail.
5	First time here, I ordered the fresh mint salad and fresh it is.. excellent combination of vegetables and the dressing is really good! ! There's a great variety of hot and cold foods here, the soups sound delicious.. I will definitely be back for more freshness
5	I love this place! The food is always fresh, delicious, and made to order so it comes out piping hot. Since it is made to order, it can take awhile to get your food, but have patience. It is well worth it!
3	I started coming here prior to relocating to PHX.  They were calling themselves a 100% vegan establishment at the time, which disturbed me because they were selling non-vegan desserts and not informing customers of this. I consider that shady. They have since reclassified themselves as 100% vegetarian, so I'll base my review solely on their current status. First of all, the food is great (for the most part).  My fav dishes are some of the Chef specialties: Kung Pao "Chicken," Black Pepper "Steak," and Soy Fish in Clay Pot - the latter of which is my absolute favorite dish here.  Outstanding flavors and seasonings. Fresh, aromatic jasmine rice. Accompanied by bright and colorful veggies, which are lightly cooked and have almost no seasoning, but it makes you feel like you're eating something healthy, so I don't mind. (I usually eat the veggies first and then dig into the nittty-gritty.) Vegetable Fried Rice - Very good and flavorful. You have a choice of brown or jasmine rice; I opted for brown.  Cooked with assorted veggies (I omitted the brussels spouts), and veggie beef.  You can add veggie chicken for an extra $2-$4, depending on how much you want.  I got $2 worth of chicken added and it was a decent amount.  Very tasty dish, very filling and a huge portion; it lasted 2 days.Roasted Potatoes - I got these on the side. They have a kick-@$$ flavor to them, but for $4 you get about 10 little smaller-than-a-tater-tot pieces of potato.  I swear, I looked in the bag, on the car floor, and on the table to see if 1/2 of my potatoes had sprouted legs or wings and flew the coup.  I was THISCLOSE to calling Agent Mulder to report an alien abduction of my taters! But nothing was missing. That was it.  They threw a few pieces of potatoe chunks into a big-ole box and sent me on my way. Ya know, maybe it wouldn't have been so shocking if they hadn't been put in such a large to-go container.  It only added insult to injury to open that big box and find mere morsels sitting there...laughing at me. This skeet ration needs to come in an appropriately sized munchkin-box, and it shouldn't cost more than $2.  Can you tell that I'm really salty about this skimpily portioned side order?? Imperial Rolls - appetizer.  These were once my favorite appetizer here. They used to be freshly made, fried to golden perfection, and served with a delicious dipping sauce. I can only assume that due to the negative reviews which focused on the wait time for the food, that maybe they changed some things so that some items wouldn't take so long to prepare. (FTR, I never complained about wait time. I appreciate that the good things are worth the wait.)  Well, these rolls now taste like frozen and re-heated rolls, although I've had better frozen spring rolls from the grocery store.  The quality has seriously deteriorated and the rolls were barely edible.  I hate wasting food, but I threw the rolls away after 2 de-appetizing bites.Lastly, they lost an extra star due to poor service.  There was a kid working the register and taking the to-go orders.  I think he was the owner's kid.  He should not be dealing with customers.  TWA: Teenage with an Attitude + a condescending tone and 0 personality.  The way he said "it's gonna cost extra" when I asked to add the veggie chicken to the rice dish, was not in an informative way (which I'd appreciate), it was very rude and snobby. I was instantly livid!  I'll probably go back eventually, but I'm going to wait a while.  However, if I have to deal with that kid the next time, I will walk out.  I can only contain my inner Madea for so long.  I lied..one more thing. They need more vegan dessert options.  Apparently, the only thing keeping them from being a 100% vegan establishment is the fact that they're still selling non-vegan desserts.
5	I've never had a meal here that wasn't absolutely delicious! They even have a gluten free menu! This place is my kind of place because it's fresh and there are a lot of different flavor options even though it's all vegetarian.  I especially love the Lemongrass tofu dish along with the Eggplant and tofu dish. If I'm REALLY hungry though, I go for the hotpot! They make their lemonade fresh every day and it goes well with pretty much anything in my opinion. My mom and I have become regulars whenever I'm up this way!
5	Very fresh and tasty food. Soy chicken was better than real chicken ;-) completely vegetarian... A rare option!  Very friendly staff too!!
5	Very healthy meals. The meal was cooked so well making me clean the plate easily. Thai iced tea is really good! We got summer sorting rolls for appetizer and it was so fresh and mouthful. Gorgeous setup as well. I had #17 and my partner had the pad Thai. It was delicious and the vegetables were completely fresh! Highly recommended
5	Anyone who would rate this less than 5 stars is on crack!I have not had a meal here that wasn't absolutely delicious! The cucumber rolls are awesome, the hot pot, the eggplant...ugh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The cucumber rolls come with a peanut sauce which is seriously the best peanut sauce I have ever had in my entire life. They also make this basil sauce that is light yet so flavorful; I could drink it! They have vietnamese coffee here and thai tea, which are awesome. The menu is 100% vegan (except for their chocolate cake and carrot cake) and they also offer a gluten free menu. Seriously, give this place a try....you will NOT be disappointed.
1	Place was dead on a Saturday night at 7pm. Now I know why. The food was horribly overpriced and the portions are small. $14 for 6 little pieces of soy chicken, vegetables, and brown rice?? C'mon. Spent $33 on takeout for 3 small portion items. Ate them all then fell ill the rest of the night from heartburn, indigestion, and bloating. First and LAST time to The Fresh Mint! Change your menu and portions or be closed by this time next year.
4	Fresh Asian cuisine with a Hawaiian influence. Family owned and loved. This place is beautiful. The vibes are excellent and hospitality is very accommodating. You are in for a healthy treat with Fresh Mint. You have to get the imperial rolls! Took my sister here to eat, and she ordered the lemongrass tofu with a Thai iced tea. I had the pad Thai with an 8 on the spicy scale! It was super!Thank you Fresh Mint
5	Comprehensive menu with all vegetarian friendly choices.  Everything is incredibly fresh, and the lemongrass curry is great. Vietnamese iced coffee is a must.  Bright, clean, owner is super personable and friendly.  We've gone well out of our way to have dinner here.
