3	I used to frequent the Midtown Sundries located on Pineville-Matthews Rd until they closed rather suddenly a few years ago. When I saw there was going to be another Midtown opening I was thrilled. The restaurant is located in a shopping center and the space was formerly occupied by the constantly changing Carolina Bistro. Not much has changed on the interior since converting to Midtown except maybe some additional TV's.We have been here six times in the two months since they opened. I am disappointed with the results. Now keep in mind we have been there SIX times. So it obviously doesn't suck or we wouldn't have gone back. The problem is inconsistency. On a good day, you are going to get excellent food. But sometimes they fall a little short. For instance, we went around 8pm on a weekday evening. I ordered mac & cheese as a side. It was terrible. They scraped it from the bottom of a pan and the noodles were tough and/or crunchy. How do I know it was scraped from the bottom of the pan? Because my wife had ordered it too but only one order came out. The guy then said it was the last bit and he likes it burnt like that. Well, you're in the minority slick. That shouldn't have been served. Another time we went and everything was great except for one flaw. The hush puppies that came with the fish basket were tough. I guarantee they had made a bunch earlier and rather than throw them out, they just threw them back in the deep fryer to get them hot again. They were so hard that you literally could not chew them. We sent them back and fresh ones were brought out. And you know what? They were great. But it's unacceptable to serve old food like that. From those two experiences we really felt a pattern forming. I hope the owners read this and get their act together. If you have old food, then just let it go. Don't be cheap.Also, the salads? Serve them in cold bowls so the lettuce doesn't wilt. It sounds like a lot of complaining. But I would call it tough love. I really really want this place to succeed and be at their best at all times. There is no reason for poor service when the waitstaff is meandering about. Now for the positives. Their food is excellent. The burgers get a thumbs up. The wings get a thumbs way up. I am hooked on the barbalo. The sides are all good. Seriously? This place deserves four stars. Hopefully they get the kinks worked out and I will re-review them as a 4-5 star establishment. Something tells me that this is going to be my spot to take in the NFL games this fall.
4	I was a huge fan of Midtown Sundries in Pineville before it closed a few years ago so I was thrilled when this one opened nearby.  The menu isn't identical to the one they used to have, but they definitely kept some fan favorites.  When it was in Pineville I was ADDICTED to the Big Island Salad, and I'm super happy they kept that one on the menu.  We've been 6 times in the 2 months that it's been open and our experience has been great each time from a food and service perspective.This Midtown is located where Carolina Bistro used to be, and my understanding is that this location has a pretty loyal following.  Live music on Tuesdays, Bingo on Wednesdays and Karaoke on Thursdays.  I'm not sure about Fri or Sat because we avoid it at all costs.  I just don't think the restaurant has good acoustics because when there are people at the bar or anything else going on (karaoke, bingo, etc), it's just too loud.  I mean, so loud you can't hear yourself think.  We've been on a Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday, and luckily the Wednesday we went Bingo was cancelled.  On the Thursday night we were sat near the bar which was just crazy loud due to 3 obnoxious patrons, and we managed to leave just as karaoke was getting fired up.  All Sunday experiences have been fantastic. ;-)Overall, I love the food and the service has been great (btw - EVERYTHING is better with their blue cheese - best in CLT).  But I'd recommend going for lunch or avoiding their nightly activities if you're looking for a family atmosphere or any conversation.
4	Being a Charlotte native and living around Carmel Commons for over 10 years I was bummed when Midtown 51 closed down due to serving some under aged guests.  Me and my honey went today for lunch and I got their cajun wings with bleu cheese dressing and they were every bit as good as they've ever been at any of their previous locations.  We will be back soon!!
2	Food was okay.   Service poor.   And they weren't busy!!!!   Server forgot us on the front end AND again after she brought our check. Since we hadn't gotten any refills, we asked for a drink to go.  The cups had soda all over the sides!!   Just sloppy service. Too much competition in the area for me to go back.
2	I remember eating at one I want to say near the university area when I first moved to town. So we decided to try this location out. The food was so so at best but the kicker was the beer wasn't that cold at all. You have to have beer cold come on people you sorta a bar.
4	Good food. Went with the family on a Friday before Christmas. The kids enjoyed the food. I had the Cajun battered fish sandwich. Loved the sandwich. They had multiple choices for the batter. The Cajun flavor sounded good to me. My wife had the fish tacos. They were just o.k. The batter on the fish was so-so. I would have preferred cabbage instead of romaine lettuce and a sauce with some spicy flavor. We also ordered so black beans and rice as a side. The flavor was just again o.k. The service was o.k. and they were able to make suggestions about popular dishes. All in all it was a good first experience and will return to try other dishes.
2	I just don't think this place is very good.  We have been here four times, wife and I, all for lunch and once with our grandchildren and son's family for dinner.The menu is strange with lots of items, but, to me, not many appealing items. And the quality of the meals, the plating and food is very common and average.  It is not distinctive in any way, good or bad, just nothing special.Service is great and friendly.  Bar has all the usual goodies.We no longer patronize.  As there are many other better and more interesting places around.
4	I just found Midtown Sundries! My father used to go to the one near Uptown. The best part is that it's the same owners...I loved the food, service was very personalized and they had a good choice of drafts. I happened to be there Saturday Night and they had a REAL band with talented musicians who sounded just like Billy Joel. The best part is the tickets were FREE. I'm looking forward to returning and eating the Ribs again along with the Fried Pickles! They were delicious!
2	Need to update their menu.
4	The food here is outstanding but the service is pretty slow.  Chicken tenders are amazing, salads are good sized and the menu variety is really nice.  Ambiance is a lot odd as they took over from an Italian restaurant and didn't change the interior at all but added a lot of TV's.  FOOD 5 stars.  SERVICE 2  PRICE 4
