5	I bought an Audi A4 about 10 months ago and I wanted to recommend and write a review for the great service, the great car for a great price they sold me, car still running great without any problems, thank you Julia!!!!!!!
5	I purchased a car from Scottsdale Motor Company in August of 2013 and could not be happier with the car nor the car buying experience. I visited the dealer several times to test drive the car and was met by smiling friendly faces every time I stopped in. When we decide to purchase it we where able to negotiate a fair price. The paperwork was easy and painless and the car was nicely detailed before we picked it up just as promised. The best part about the whole transaction was not having them call me every waking minute trying to make some sort of deal. I will defiantly be searching their inventory in the future when looking to purchase a car.
1	I bought a car from SMC in late November of 2013 and didn't find them to very honorable to deal with.  I had the car delivered to Seattle by truck and when it arrived the tire indicator light was on.  I figured I would just take care of the problem myself and brought it to a local tire center for them to repair the leaking tire.  They informed me that the car had an attempt to repair the tire but on the side where most repairs don't hold, hence the reason they don't fix them in that spot.  Result, a new tire was necessary.When I notified SMC of this and asked to compensate for the new tire they denied any knowledge of this or any offer to help.They don't appear to be an honorable dealership so you take your chances with them.  You may or may not have the same results.
1	I'd score them with no stars if I could...These people are crooks...buying back cars from manufacturer and selling them as if nothing is wrong..All cars on their lot has a Branded title. ..or salvage lemon buy back ..get are passing off as A ok though really???? Shady place..buyers beware...unless u want to pay too much for a piece if sh*t god bless u.....please look up what branded title means. .......do not go there. ..again unless u want to pay yoo much for a branded title car
