2	I guess they just opened a location here at Sky Harbor. I had never been to the original location, so I guess this is a truly objective review. I'm not from Phoenix; just here for work and decided to have lunch here before my flight back home. But I wasn't that satisfied. First impressions: great looking menu. I love american breakfast so I was very excited to try it out. I remember seeing the original location on an episode of Triple D as well. Apparently there's always a huge wait at the original location; definitely not the case here. I was seated in 10 seconds. Few reasons include the new location, noobie visitors who have never heard of it, and just the location in general. It's airport food, so you're only going to eat it because it's convenient. I wonder if anyone's ever booked a flight for another airline just because they know MBB is at Terminal 4! Furthermore, there's also a take-out section of the entrance that was completely empty as well. The service was lacking. Don't get me wrong, the waitresses were very friendly, but they're definitely not on their game. First of all, I was seated at a long counter area that had customers on both sides -- not a problem. Probably could have sat 15 people staggered. Most people are dining alone anyways so no complaints on my end. What made me a little fed up was they seated another man RIGHT in front of me. Mind you, they were NOT busy and the counter is hardly 2 ft wide, so this man was pretty much breathing on my food. If I had leaned in another foot, I could have kissed the guy. I'm sure he wasn't happy either. Dude, stagger your customers if they're dining alone. If all other seats are taken, ask for the permission of both parties. The rest of the counter is empty. Even the guys next to me at their booth were like wtf. C'mon. Every single person around me was missing something before they even got their food. I didn't receive a straw. My new involuntary best friend in front of me didn't get a napkin or utensils. And the other tables around me didn't get utensils or condiments. Get it together MBB!Now onto the food. I ordered the Chop & Chick and asked for a waffle instead of toast; didn't mind paying extra. Waffle wasn't bad; tastes like a pretty good waffle I could have made at home. The pork chop and home fries had way too much rosemary. Also, the home fries weren't fries at all, they were just stir fried potatoes, but apparently most people are aware of this so that's my problem. The pork chop was good, a tad but overcooked but the flavor was good. Nothing I'd go out of the way for. and not that juicy either. When I received my check, I noticed that I was charged for 2 full meals when I simply asked for one replacement item on my meal. They had charged me for a full waffle plate as well as the full chop & chick. The waffle plate comes with bacon ( I didn't receive bacon) and they didn't subtract the toast from my order. The toast wasn't a big deal at all, but the waitress could have told me that they don't have waffles a la carte instead of making me pay for 2 whole meals. This is NOT acceptable. I was running late for my flight, so I didn't have the time to waive down the waitress. I just paid for the bill and left pretty irked. My meals are covered by the company, so whatever. Won't be coming back here again. 2 stars.
1	I landed at the Phoenix airport and wanted a quick sandwich before my next flight. This isn't the place. The service is slow and the staff is inattentive. Had the waitstaff been working and not not talking or standing around, the service could be better. Hopefully their chicken sandwich will be worth the wait.
1	I was excited to discover that Matt's Big Breakfast had opened at Sky Harbor but it was quite possibly the worst dining experience I've had at an airport in quite some time.  I waited for nearly 15 minutes for a bowl of oatmeal and a coffee. After asking several times when my breakfast would be ready, and being told "Just a couple more minutes," I realized that I was going to leave the restaurant without my breakfast.I requested a refund, however, the manager couldn't figure out how to work the register to handle my refund so I left without my receiving my breakfast or refund.  The manager kept suggesting that I be patient while waiting for my breakfast and again when I requested my refund.  Unfortunately I had a plane to catch and didn't have the luxury of waiting over 15 minutes for breakfast or to get my money back.  In case they haven't realized it yet - The airport is not the place to ask patrons to be patient!  Don't waste your time or money at this establishment.
5	I was lucky enough to have flown out of the US airways terminal and I'm so glad we did because this place is THE PLACE for breakfast within an airport. I've heard of the downtown location so i was eager once I spotted this bad boy. I got the waffle which came with bacon.. The perfect combo for sweet and savory. The spices they use for the bacon separate this place from any other breakfast joint. I would come back here in a heart beat.I might to stop at the downtown one more often now!
5	Get take out or go late in the morning to avoid the long wait. Aside from that, this was the best breakfast I've ever had. Period. The pancakes were perfect. I didn't know pancakes could be this good. The bacon and hashbrowns were equally amazing. You might ask, how can you improve upon bacon, hashbrowns, and pancakes?  A fair question. The answer is, go try it and find out, you slacker.
1	I totally agree with some of the other reviews. I just do not get it. The food is not good and the service is terrible. They do have good bread but it is Wildflower Bread. I can go there for better food. I guess the whole buy local thing is important but the food is just not that good. I have had better at Denny's. And that is sure saying a lot. I do admit Their Egg Salad sandwich for lunch is not too bad but again nothing to write home about.
5	Breakfast for dinner!  Awesome waffles, Bacon really peppery. I love it. Good bar too.
2	Took 30 min for a to go order. Poor service. Manager didn't seem to care. I would not recommend this establishment.
5	Scott at Matts BB is absolutely AMAZING!!!Some seriously awesome customer service!Thanks Scott! YTM!
2	I can only give this two stars at the airportI love Matts in downtown But this one lacks the good food and is in jeopardy of being typical vs special Ordered the bourbon chicken and it was bone dry and tough to cut Wait staff didn't seem to care Coleslaw wasn't the same no flavor which they tried to compensate for with pepperI rather walk down to cowboy ciao which is another speciality that so far is holding up to standards
5	So good! Food is always fresh, good portions and service is always fast. Best part is, breakfast is served all day!!And if you enjoy a good Bloody Mary from time to time, this place really knows how to serve them up. Ask for the house Bloody Mary with their famous crispy bacon! Amazing!!
4	Ate at the Matt's in the airport, excellent food! Will go to the downtown location when I get back to Phoenix!
5	Service is so far above expectations at an airport.  Server April is a game changer.  Food is way beyond the norm.  Looks, smells, and tastes amazing.  Listen to the servers as to what you should order.  The house makes classics.Oh, and "good portions" is not adequate.  Behemoth portions is the word, and for a great price.
4	Great place for breakfast. It's a local hotspot in the city of phoenix. I was stoked when they opened one in the airport. All of the food is made from fresh I frequents often from local producers. I got a breakfast burrito. It was bomb, but I wish the potatoes in it were hash browns instead of slices. Will be back again.
1	The breakfast burrito I just had was not good. Besides being tasteless, it was dry and the cooks terribly burned the potatoes. The fresh squeezed orange juice also tasted like it was made from green unripe oranges. Maybe worth another shot some day but today was not a good experience.
1	Gosh, we love this place but not at this location. Slow service and terrible food. We nearly missed our flight to bring breakfast on board. The burrito was filled primarily with potatoes. I don't mind spending money at the airport for a good drink and grub, but our $60 dollar tab was a huge disappointment.
4	I had a layover in Phoenix and decided to get some breakfast for dinner (the best time to get breakfast, right?). Matt's biggest breakfast was large enough to split between two people. The highlight was definitely the griddle cake - it was crispy yet fluffy and just really flavorful. The eggs were good, the bacon was super flavorful and the sausages were smashed and delicious. We ordered a side of toast, but we could have skipped them - they are a little too thick for my liking.If you're in terminal B1-14 and you feel like grabbing some breakfast foods, you can't go wrong here.
1	I don't usually write reviews but this one needs to be known. I live in Phoenix and usually fly out of gate B where this restaurant is located. I past by it going to my gate today and it was very busy. After I checked into my gate I had some extra time to go and have some food and a drink. I stood there for the hostess to take my name on the reservation which she never wrote it down, I asked how long and she said it would be 5-10 mins. I said okay, she continued to take others peoples names with 1 to 4 people in their party. She never acknowledge me, I finally said you didn't write down my name and then she finally did. No sorry, nothing. In the end she went over my name twice and sat two different reservations, I finally walked away. I am glad I didn't spend a dime at this restaurant. The worst customer service ever. I recommend going somewhere else to spend your money.
5	At least 4-stars, if not 5, for a breakfast place in the airport. Great peppered bacon, crisp as requested. Very attentive staff.Solid omelette, decent cheese.Even the breakfast potatoes have rosemary and are thoroughly cooked and nicely done. Love that they have cocktails, but didn't try any.
1	Just terrible Customer Service experience. Hostess at entrance has no respect for customers, and cant even commit to basics as: - "Is the Bar open sitting or List assigned?" - - "It's both.."After having to deal with that, we ended up with mediocre food, in front of us.
5	It's worth avoiding LAX layovers just for this restaurant.  They have some awesome cocktails and even better food.  I love the waffle and thick bacon.  They also have an amazing grilled cheese.  Everything tastes really good and its very reasonably priced.
4	I don't mind lay overs or delays because i know I've got a great crispy waffle and Honey Lemonade waiting for me here!  The bacon is too thick for my liking, but they will sub with 3 links of yummy sausage.
1	I love Matt's Big Breakfast downtown, but this was a huuuuge disappointment. HUGE. I ordered an egg salad sandwich (which I have had before at the one downtown), and it was just awful. There was literally NO egg salad in this sandwich. The two slices of bread on the outside where so unnecessarily THICK. I took off one of the slices in attempt to actually taste the measly amount of egg salad that was on my sandwich, but even then, the other half of bread was so rubbery i couldn't tear it with my teeth! I was in awe. Even the guy sitting next to me said something about it. Like "wow that's a lot of bread." Don't get me wrong, their breakfast is fantastic at Matt's downtown! And maybe even good at the airport as well. But I have had their egg salad before and it was nothing like that.I almost complained to my server it was so bad. Almost. I can't believe I spent money on like a tablespoon of egg salad. I never ever complain about food, I usually just don't ever return if I don't like it. But this sandwich was so pathetic I actually wanted my money back. Of course I'm so passive I ended up not saying anything. Was just kind of hoping my server could tell by the fact that I barely ate any of it. I should have complained and I regret not doing so. I just hate to. But this was so bad. Won't ever go here again. I still kind of want my money back. :( Sorry guys!
1	wanted to try this place in Terminal 4 at PHX, but the hostess really wouldn't let me: convinced me it was a slow, long wait, and that just left me with the idea that this place just doesn't know how to run a restaurant.either you need to get it together, or need to hire a new hostess
1	They are the biggest and one of the better looking among the modest restaurants in Terminal 4 B gates. The big pig on the wall with the retro typeface tries to subvert the overwhelming and inescapable airport food court vibe.The waitress was friendly and the service was prompt.I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato soup. The cheese was just tasteless and the soup was more salty than if it had come out of a can. I asked for coffee to go and it was barely lukewarm - made me think if the service was really as genuine as you can expect at an airport eatery.I will remember this place enough to not go there the next time I fly to Vegas through that airport.
4	Look, airport food is never going to be out of this world spectacular, I've accepted that reality a while back. However, Matt's Big Breakfast in Terminal 4 was decent (again, decent for airport food) and the prices were reasonable. I ordered the honey lemonade which tastes exactly how it sounds as well as the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Simple, clean and cheap. Their breakfast looks legit but I couldn't bring myself to ordering pancakes for the second time in one day especially before my flight back to the 305. Best part of the meal? Our server, Jennifer. She was on the ball and knew exactly when  to provide refills, bring the check and was really cheerful. Hooray for good airport customer service, Snoopy knows it ain't easy!
1	This doesn't belong in an airport. If you only have 45 minutes to connect you won't make it.   We ended up getting it to go and barely got our flight. Others had to just leave without their food.
5	Sunny side up eggs were perfect which is not all that common. Thick cut peppered bacon was perfectly crispy, thich cut rye, and amazing rosemary potatoes. Coffee refills were also served promptly. This place in the airport rivals some popular breakfast joints in Phoenix.
3	My husband and I ate here on a layover on our way back from Mexico.  We all know airport food can be hit or miss, but some of the bigger airports are doing some good things.  We didn't know anything about this place, but it was in our terminal, it was packed, and we were starving!I ordered the reuben sandwich, but switched my bread for sourdough (as I always do!), for no extra charge.  My husband ordered the tuna sandwich.  Our waitress was probably the most efficient waitress I have ever seen.  Clearly airport staff has to work at a different pace as people are cranky and potentially in a hurry.  She was very attentive, brought our check without asking, and cheerful.Not a bad option for airport food!
4	Food was good  I was pleasantly  surprised.  Walking in the place in doesn't  look like much  but it must be good as there weren't any empty tables in there.  But breakfast was very good  better than denny's  or ihop I will definitely  return.
3	The ambiance is nice and hip, but the waiters will try to sell you more things as side dishes to drive the bill up a bit. No harm really, but they can be a bit pushy. Foods okay. Pricing ain't too bad either, considering you're in an airport
2	Love that they have Four Peaks beer on tap, including my favorite, Hop Knot. But I'm wishing I had made a different food choice. l ordered the grilled cheese with creamy tomato soup. Because I figured it was impossible to go wrong with a comfort food staple and I'm tired of burgers at the airport. I must have had a shocked look when my food arrived. The tomato soup was no where near creamy, but a chunky-ish tomato soup with no cream. The grilled cheese was no where near the gourmet sandwich the menu promised. So not worth $10. Should have gone to NYPD pizza instead.
