4	Delicious and fresh food from a small store in downtown Montreal. A favorite place of a friend who loves quality food. The store is small barely able to sit 8 comfortably, and for sure you will smell like bake goods after. In the summer time they set up tables outside which is a blessing. Oh yeah, they serve good coffee too.
4	We stopped in here because it was packed and everyone looked happy with their meals - what a good choice!!  The sandwiches were delicious and the bread awesome and fresh.  The coffee and dessert were also good.  Best yet the staff was friendly and prompt - which I love!!
3	Nice, conveniently-located lunch spot. The decor is crisp and white and the patio is great for people-watching. They have a nice selection of sandwiches and other light options. My DC and i shared the grilled veggie sandwich and tomato/feta salad. Both were nicely presented. The salad was really big. There was the odd piece of wilted lettuce, but for the most part it was fresh and yummy. They use really great bread for the sandwiches and don't skimp on filling. You order at the counter and they will bring your food out for you. You pay at the counter at the end. So it is sort of a hybrid table/fast food service. Servers are discreet and efficient. Prices are a bit higher than you might expect for such a casual place (Salads $10-15, sandwiches around the same price).
4	After having visited the MbCO in Complexe Desjardins and having had a great On-the-go culinary experience, I decided to give a chance to the location on Stanley for a quick dinner. Again, I was incredibly astonished by the quality and freshness of their products. I ordered a delicious Asparagus, chicken and veggies wrap on the go, along with a side serving of Tomato and basil pasta salad. Both were extremely tasty; Also, the mix of fresh herbs that had been incorporated in the pasta salad made me feel like I was eating a meal that had been prepared with the 'fines herbes' find their way to my garden every summer. Nothing to say against this little cafe, except maybe that the sandwiches are a lil on the pricey side compared to other restaurants in the same category. Again, those other restaurants have not yet managed to integrate such great fresh products to their menus...
