1	Congratulations to the pharmacists at Walgreen's for competing with Michael's Crafts & Fry's Electronics for the "Worst Customer Service Award".Not only were you un-helpful but you also took the time to discount my concerns.  I know helping me answer some questions about over-the-counter allergy medicines can be tough, but you failed with flying colors.Your refined degree of self-loathing is a shining example to us all.  Keep up the good work!
3	When I first walked in I was greeted with a hot mess of unorganized merchandise, but proceeded to enter the store without injury. I walked by the beauty section and wasn't a fan of the layout, but the lady behind the counter was friendly enough to flash a smile. The store in general seems smaller than other Walgreens and yet still the organization of items lacks. There was one cashier at checkout and she was nice and patient, however, the other customers in line were not. This Walgreens worked for my quick fix, but is not anything special.
4	I was looking at the graphs which showed I give more positives in my reviews than negatives.  Granted, I admit I would always rather be positive than negative.  Still, I like to be able to be clear with my self about my reviews and the standards I use for how many stars I give.  With this Walgreens, I can give four stars and know why.First of all, my review does not include in anyway the pharmacy, just the rest of the store. Yes, there is one employee who is devoid of any personality.  The rest of the employees I have encountered have been a fairly nice group of people who help me find what I am looking for.   Things are fairly organized so stuff isn't to hard to find. No, not a corner of Heaven but a nice place to go in. I especially want to compliment the Assistant Manager whose name I can't recall.  I wanted to buy quite few of a Walgreens generic product to save money.  When I asked when there'd be more, this gentleman took the time to ask me how much I needed and why.   He offered to double the next order so There'd be the quantity I wanted the next Tuesday, a rather nice touch for a customer he didn't know.  Not that I am a doubting Thomas, but when I went in the following Tuesday, I didn't know what to expect.  He followed through!   Another plus is this store is easy to get in and out of.  For any one who shops on Bell Road,  you know this is a real plus.
4	Hee, Hee...I just wrote a Review and it's asking for another! I am most definately a FAN!!! I probably shop there way too much!Great for Med's, snacks, convience and Holiday Novelties!
5	Best staff at a Walgreens ever ;)
2	I don't know how many times you need to call me to harass me that My prescription  is ready but I am pretty sure once is enough. It would also be nice if when you call you put someone on the phone that speaks proper English.
4	Popped into this location for a water, some candies, and a few cards that I've been meaning to send to friends for some time now (oops!).  The card section was neat and organized, making it easy to find the types of cards I was looking to send.  On the whole the store was clean and nice.  Cashier was friendly and the line moved quickly.  Not much else to say other than that - it was an easy visit and nothing out of the ordinary.Overall: A
1	If I could give this pharmacy zero stars I would!!!This pharmacy causes problems with prescriptions and then does nothing to help fix it. Avoid this place like the plague!!!
5	The staff is always super friendly and the store is always nice and clean.  I even had a situation over Christmas where I was looking for a certain Christmas display and it was sold out everywhere I went.  I made the trip back to the store to pick up the floor model and the manager sought me out in the store to let me know someone just returned an unopened one that he hadn't even out back out on the floor yet.   Great employees and management and I've never had a bad experience.
2	nice store, but very low stock for refills. Most all items need to be ordered for next day.
