5	Losing a longtime pet is an emotionally brutal experience that makes ultimate pit fighting look like a lively game of patty cake. Without going into emotionally overbearing or even morbid detail I will say that Fairwinds exists to help you take care of the final details for your beloved companion. First and foremost, I was very impressed with Mary's professionalism, kindness, and deep sincerity. She explained and ensured that we understood the details of what was happening and what was going to happen.  The process was very well organized, and she stayed in contact with us throughout. It is also worth noting that Fairwinds offers a good array of services and resources with respect to giving you the opportunity to say good-bye in your own way.Obviously, it's impossible to be completely emotionally detached when you're writing a review of something like this; as such, all I can say is that I felt that Mary and Fairwinds helped us take care of our family in a time of need.
5	5 stars - "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  Somehow this just doesn't seem fitting given the circumstances.  To some people pets are property, to others friends and family members.  To me...well I probably had what some might consider an "unhealthy" relationship with my cat, Jasper, whom my husband later so crudely dubbed "The Big Sexy."  But Jasper had been with me for more than 16 years, my husband only 8.  Who would you expect to have the highest rank in the house?It was somewhat of a last minute decision to handle Jasper's final arrangements ourselves, rather than using the service provided by our veterinarian.  And I'm glad that we did.  I was impressed with the services Fairwinds offers. Their focus is as much on those "surviving" the loss, as well as the pet.  Mary and Fairwinds are available to retrieve your pet valley-wide 24/7.  You may also bring your pet to them (no charge during regular business hours).  Fairwinds' services range from just the cremation to a clergy-presided service, and everything in between.   Mary will gladly accommodate special requests as well (paw impressions for example). We opted to take the Sexy in ourselves, and were warmly greeted by Mary and two new friends of the canine variety.  They were blissfully unaware that funeral homes are to be quiet, yet they were oddly comforting, especially to my husband who has always been a dog person.All cremations are not only individual, but private as well (meaning only one animal at a time is cremated).  There are procedures in place upon your pet's arrival to ensure there are no mix-ups either.  I was 100% confident I would not be crying over a little bit of my Mr Man and a little bit of someone's schnauzer.  The website lists the pricing, but you can also choose just the services important to you, and not a "package." Mary handled the details professionally and personally.  It is clear she has a deep understanding of the bond some of us have with our pets, and she does everything she can to respect that bond.  Jasper's ashes were ready within 2 days.  We were given our keepsakes, a big hug, and resources should I need some serious therapy.  So yes, Mary is "as good as it gets."  I hope my fellow Yelpers don't need to use her services, but she will be there if you do.
5	My boy Sonny past away unexpectedly.  I was a mess. Mary opened the doors after hours, she was so gentle with my boy, and so kind to me and my husband. She has so many options to remember your pet, and offers you options, but doesn't push you into anything. She held on to Sonny for a few days for us to decide what we wanted our next step to be. Mary was so compassionate, and she took wonderful care of boy Sonny. I am so thankful for Mary, its hard for most people to understand how much he meant to us, Mary was professional and very sensitive to our needs.
5	I was very fortunate to have found Mary at Fairwinds Forever when we had to make an extremely difficult decision of putting our beloved dog, friend and companion down. Mary was able to recommend a mobile vet who came to our home on short notice when none of the others had even bothered to return our calls. Mary also came to our home to pick up Chopper after he passed over. She treated Chopper with such love, care and dignity, I really could not have asked for better service.I would have never thought that such services existed for pets. They treated our Chopper like they would with a human being. Of course Chopper always thought he was human anyway. :)I highly recommend Mary and Fairwinds Forever for funeral and memorial services for pets. I'm glad I had the opportunity to say goodbye to our beloved companion in a way I never thought possible.
5	Mary was wonderful in handling my sweet boy Coco. She was also able to recommend a wonderful mobile vet to come out to my house so that I wouldn't have to take my sweet boy to a hospital where he would be scared. When Mary came out to get my Coco she did so very gently. He was handled with care. I highly recommend Fairwinds! Even though its tough losing a part of your family, Mary helps in making sure that they are handled with just as much care as when they were here with us. Thanks Mary!!
