1	I kept going here only because it was the closest.  I have been to a couple of others and discovered it was also the slowest.  The last time after sitting for 15 minutes and nobody moved I left and went to another one near the Chinese Cultural center and got in and out.  Also, one time the gas cap failed and everything else passed.  So I went down the street and got a new gas cap and came right back to get tested again at the same station with the same technician.  The gas cap passed but this time the car did not!   By the way the original gas cap did make a seal. You could hear the air rushing in when it was opened.  They told me a bad cap could make the car pass emissions.  Bull!!!  I spoke with several mechanics and found out this is impossible.  I will not ever go back to this location ever again!
1	I HATE THE EMISSION TESTING SYSTEM IN ARIZONA!! I dread having to go there every two years to get my car checked.  They say "Thank you for helping clean the Environment" when you pass, but are you really helping?  The older cars that need the tests the most are exempt from the testing.  Now, today, I had to go my car tested.  I somehow developed a flat while waiting 45 minutes in line, waiting for the test.  And they were more than happy to point it out to me.  Then they told me that they could not test the car with a flat.  So I had to go get the flat fixed, wasting another hour there.  Then it was back over for another 45 minute wait in the hot sun to get the car tested.  When I pulled into the bay, they told me to turn the car off and go sit in that pleasant little booth while they tested the car.  The guy looked at my gas cap, put a probe into the tank.  Then he charged me the $27.50 charge.  At that point, I thought he was going to tell me I failed because I had replaced the gas tank, and had an issue with the input pipe.  Well, he simply handed me the form and told me I passed.  WTF!?!?  They never opened the engine, never started the car, never stuck a probe in the exhaust, nothing.  just that little probe in the gas tank.  WHY IN THE HELL COULDN'T THEY DO THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE AND SAVE ME HAVING TO WAIT ALL OVER AGAIN!?!?! Clean up the environment, hell.  How can they tell if I am not polluting without doing some kind of test on the car itself, or at least look at the engine!?  Then I have to go home and register the car online.  The whole freaking Emission test system should be thrown out and the company that contracts the work shut down. It is nothing more than a sham.  And why does Tucson get to pay half less?  Why don't people in Flagstaff or Prescott have to participate in the program?  They can come down the hill and pollute our air, and we have to pay for it.  It is simply a money-making scheme for the state.  It serves no purpose whatsoever, other than to drain our wallets.
3	Auto Emissions has OBD express lanes now. This means that 1996 and newer vehicles have On Board Diagnostics that allow for faster screening. These lanes move a lot faster than the other lanes.First time ever my newer vehicle was Rejected due to the fact the DLC was loose so that the diagnostics could not be accessed by Emissions. I was pretty disturbed wondering how I was going to get this fixed--back to the dealer maybe? But no, a roadside mechanic on the road outside Emissions offered to fix it for 10 bucks. Took advantage of this offer, went back thru Emissions and passed!!! Cant help thinking the whole situation was a little strange.
