5	What is the deal with florists having such a hard time pulling off same day deliveries? I'm sorry, but one bouquet is not something you order in advance. It's something needed for a last minute get well, or congratulations on your new baby, or sorry I forgot your birthday. It's not, let me plan this shit out in advance so the flower shop can handle it. Well, no need to worry, Cactus Flower can handle it. The only one I've used who could. Seriously, nothing is worse than sending flowers to someone in the hospital that take so long to get delivered the person has already recovered (yes, that happened once). This time, I needed to get flowers to my friend in the hospital delivering her baby. A happy event, but one with a time limit. I wanted to make sure the flowers got there as encouragement before she gave birth, since I knew she was waiting it out due to a small complication and not in"active" labor. Trying to get same day delivery on a Saturday was a joke. Two flower shops turned me down. Finally, I called Cactus Flower and they not only had no problem with same day delivery, they did it in a timely manner. The bouquet showed up within a couple hours. I didn't even have to ask that they rush it. Not only that, but they sent me a confirmation email on delivery. It was amazing. Finally, a flower shop that gets the job done. Take note, all you other sorry excuses.
5	Called Cactus Flowers TODAY Valentines Day and was able to get flowers delivered with no hesitation. Thank You Dani for your help. I would recommend Cactus Flowers to anyone
5	They have the prettiest flower arrangements and the staff is absolutely amazing. They delivered the flowers fast. Thank you so much for your help Dani. I will only use Cactus Flowers.
5	Wow! Such great customer service. I live all the way in Hawaii and even with the distance, time zone difference, and my procrastination I was able to get flowers delivered to my boyfriends mother bright and early on Mothers Day by just calling a day ahead right before they closed! She keeps talking about how beautiful they are and sent me a picture of them. I couldn't be happier- thanks guys!
3	6/2/14 - Revised rating from 2 to 3 stars as Cactus Flower sent a replacement order that was gorgeous.5/27/14 - I've ordered from Cactus Flower 2-3 times for a friend who lives in the area. First times went well. Last order was not so successful. I ordered one of their custom arrangements (one they created/named/described on their website, not available from other florists) two weeks in advance, and requested notification if any substitutions were necessary.There were multiple substitutions which I would not have authorized. The arrangement was not artistic in nature. The flowers that were used did appear to be in good condition.However, they left the flowers at the door (in Phoenix heat), just leaving a voicemail. The recipient went outside, to find no flowers at her door. They left them, in May, at the wrong house. The driver was contacted by the recipient and apparently sounded irritated to have to pick up the flowers and redeliver them to the correct address.I've emailed Cactus Flower (in response to their "How did we do" email) three times, and included pictures. I've had no response. Disappointing; I won't be using their services again.
1	Promises broken! Called about some Gerbera daisies yesterday, was given a price for two day old flowers which they wanted to get rid of. When I arrived for said flowers was given  " a song and a dance" about how I  must have called some other florist. They NEVER sell old flowers just toss them. Funny how our conversation started with selling me flowers at FULL price when they were ready to be tossed. As a result of their deceit I will NEVER shop there again and am urging my friends to do the same! I hate liars!
5	Beautifully done is how I would describe Cactus Flower's flowers & service. The arrangement they created was gorgeous and it was very much like what I had asked for. They were able to deliver it almost immediately. I couldn't believe when my daughter called to say she had already received it.
