3	This is my reg spot 2 meet up wit local folks 4 a quick buffet while I'm n Vegas...The casino is a local casino & it has everything needed @ the buffet @ a decent cost...I was gonna comment jus on the buffet, but I thought I'd review the casino...They've opened up the movie theatre & I ventured...The seats R quit comfortable & its way clean...Then again, it was new...I'm diggin the Cannery & think its a quaint lil spot if U a local...
5	I am SO sick of the Station casino's in Vegas.  They rip off the locals and have the shittiest service!  As far as I know, the Cannery is NOT a Station owned property.  I tried it for the first time and found it to be a nice little gem.  No fast food places thank god.Try it out.
4	This is a great local casino. They have wonderful events and I love the Galaxy Theaters inside. It was a great addition to the North side.
3	I've been to Cannery Casino twice. The first time I came here I had dinner with my family at the buffet. The buffet was decent. I remember they had a good selection of desserts - pies, cheesecakes etc. The food wasn't bad @ all. Our waitress was also friendly and kept giving us refills for our sodas :). The second time I came I got to play bingo for the first time. I was fairly excited to try bingo out for the first (Haha, I know you're smirking but hey I was excited about the prospect of being able to yell out BINGO hehe). Anyways we found out that there is bingo here is every hour. We got there @ 7pm and the next game was @ 8pm. While the rest of my party, went back to the casino I decided to just sit and relax in the Bingo hall. They have several different offers for Bingo: they have different cards/colors: depending how much you want to play. There is a rainbow card which basically allows you to play the most games and win the most money. (This is $22 if you are a station casino card member, $27 for non-members). They then have other cards: orchid, green etc. The way it works is if you win the Bingo: the amount of money you win depends on what color card you bought. If you bought the rainbow you get the highest prize, if you only got let's say a green, you get less money. You also have the choice to do an electronic card and a regular card which you mark up. The electronic card is actually pretty cool because all you have to do is watch the mini screen. No work at all. If they call out your letter and number, the mini computer screen marks it up automatically. If you win, the computer screen beeps or "sings." Anyways Cannery Casino is pretty decent. Bingo was fun here (even though I didn't win hehe). Oh a nice thing @ the Bingo hall, is that you're given two free drinks! (they have stuff ranging from hot chocolate w/whip cream to raspberry drinks...pretty cool :)
2	Too smoky and not very many table games open. The dealers were not very friendly and made several mistakes. On the positive the food must be good since the line to get into the buffet was always very long.
3	North Las Vegas is like the wrong side of the tracks. My kind of place!Great venue for rock 'n roll, and by God they got it! Indoors stage that opens up to the outside, or closes if it rains.Air conditioning in my room sucked, I'm glad it wasn't August. No coffee maker (!), no minibar, and $12.99 internet. Oh well, only one night.One of my partners in crime said the room service was excellent. I was going to try the buffet Sunday morning about 8:00, but they weren't open! WTF?The bar had a sax/piano duo and expensive drinks. Easy come, easy go!
3	Nice locals spot.A good place to catch some forgotten talent in concert on the cheap.
4	Rooms are spacey, clean, well kept, comfy and up to date. Comes with flat screen tv, mini fridge and soft towels. I love the side entrance with easy access to the hotel rooms from the uncovered parking ares, so you don't need to walk thru all that noise and smoke. Near many restaurants, fast food and dine in & near free way access. Staff is professional.
4	This Casino is the one I've been to the most since we moved here to Las Vegas it's close to were I live 3 minute drive but besides that I like the size of it calm not your average strip Casino with big crowds. On the weekends they have live music in the middle stage bar the gaming is not bad they got everything Tables,slots,sportsbook and Bingo once in a while I would play in the Poker room but they changed it now its a non smoking slot play room and the Poker tables are in the middle of the Casino for now I Guess. Bingo is ok it starts at 8am and continues every 2 hrs. at 10pm is the last game. You get 2 free drinks at the beginning of Bingo and the waitress does another round within 15mins.or so 4 drinks for an hour Bingo session not bad. this Casino also have the Galaxy Theater. It has it's own entrance from the outside, so you can avoid the slots calling you. I havent tried the D-Box 3-D on a movie yet but I sat on one chair in the lobby and its cool it moves to the action a little pricey around 20Bucks so im just waiting for the right movie to come out maybe Tron.
2	Um scary...I live really close and only venture in for emergency sports bets..Super smokey and crap food. Skip it and drive to Aliante if in the area.
1	Sooo not kid friendly!Now I understand that a casino hotel is not the best place to go with young children, but in Vegas you don't really have a choice.  We were staying there while visiting a friend in the area.Very smoky, even in the non-smoking rooms.  Again not much of a surprise.Our first problem was that we could not walk anywhere without the staff pouncing on us that kids could not be in the casino.  I understand they need to stay away from the machines.  But we couldn't even walk across the place to get to a restaurant without being pounced on.  If you have children, apparently you have to run from one place to another if you don't want to be harrassed.  This law is true everywhere; Cannery is the only place that made us feel truly uncomfortable. The coup de grace, however, was when we tried to go to their Mexican restaurant at 5 pm, sat in the back on purpose, and got thrown out because our kids were too loud.  Our three-year-old cried once or twice.  I guess the senior crowd prefers not to have children sullying their mediocre food experience.Just don't bring your family there.
4	Ended up having to stay here after power outage on base... I definetely underestimate this place! I've been to the casino many times prior to staying here, and the casino is really not all that great, so i expected the rooms to be old and outdated- wrong! Our room was so nice! and the bed was amazinly comfortable and the rooms were all up to date. we didn't want to leave so we extended our stay!
2	What's weird about the Cannery on Craig/I-15 is that it is designed for locals, yet the staff, dealers, and stickmen there are the least friendly in all of Vegas.The place is clean, though. The buffet even hides sushi in the back. It's got a giant Galaxy theatre attached.  It gets some Name bands from long-ago, and complimenting the nostalgia is a WW2 theme of wall-art.  Parking is easy and free, but no valets.  Ladies, there aren't any cameras or security watching the parking deck, so it's not the safest place to come solo at night (it is well-lit, though).The table "action" is lame.  There's no quality music jamming in the background and the players are older and not middle-class.
4	I came here for a quick one nighter to set off fireworks up at Moapa.  This is one of the last places to stay at in the Northern extent of Vegas valley so with the thought of doing a little gambling on the side, I stayed here.Being a locals casino in the industrial part of North Vegas... I was certainly skeptical.  In the end, I was pleasantly surprised.  The casino and hotel are very well kept and very clean.  I dare say this was the best kept and cleanest standard (bed, bathroom) hotel room I've ever stayed at.  The hotel was small, but orderly and clean.  Smokey yes, but most older style casinos are.  The sort of industrial 40s theming is minimal, simple, yet well done.Ate dinner at the steak restaurant, which was very nice.  Not sure about the other restaurants, but if the steak restaurant is a gauge of the service and care that goes into their food service, then I think they'd be nice.Overall, the experience was pleasant and something I wouldn't mind repeating.  It was much more fun staying here than in a local comfort suites (this was a couple bucks cheaper too).  If you're in North Vegas for any reason... I would highly recommend to stay here.  That is... if you're in North Vegas and not Vegas proper for some odd reason hehe.
3	It's a casino that's geared for locals. That being said, if you're looking for a cool spot to party, look elsewhere. It's for the locals so there's a theater, a few places to eat, gambling (of course) and some shows to bring the crowds in. Mostly older people though. Lots of parking. Free too. The casino is kept pretty clean. The staff I encountered were all friendly. It's close to for easy access to the freeway (the 15). It's a casino that's geared for locals.
5	Booked a room for a Saturday night due to it's close proximity to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Due to our indecisiveness, we stayed at a Comfort in Friday and at the Cannery for Saturday (we attended EDC). After partying until the sun came up, we really needed to crash but had to check out of the Comfort Inn. We called the Cannery and they said they had a room available for us to check into at 11:30am! LIFESAVER for sure. So we quickly packed up our stuff and raced to the Cannery and was checked in quickly. The room was very clean and modern. Beds were comfy, bathroom/shower was nice, flat screen TV, and a mini fridge to keep our water cold. All in all, a great room for the price. There was a little store down in the casino level that had snacks, liquor, and beverages. I bought a HUGE bottle of water for only 3 bucks. It was definitely cheaper than I thought it would be.If EDC stays at the LV Motor Speedway next year, I know where I'm booking my room!
1	Never again will I stray from the lights of the strip for the prospect lower rates in North Las Vegas. You'll find only poor service and bad attitudes at the Cannery Hotel & Casino. While looking for the missing remote, we found USED HYPODERMIC NEEDLE under the bed. I'm not kidding, we seriously found a used syringe in our room while looking for the remote. Management didn't seem to be surprised or concerned when we told them. WTF.The walls are paper thin and we heard anything going on in the next room. Combined with the fact that we were awoken by LOUD construction equipment outside our window each morning, despite staying over a weekend, we had pretty awful and minimal sleep.Cannery's dining options aren't that great either. The buffet was cheap, but the food quality is somewhere between prison food and high school cafeteria. We also ate at Vino's Ristorante, a facility which the dining room is likely kept intentionally dark so patrons do not realize that they are being charged $20 for a plate of mushy, overcooked, pasta drowning in burnt, oversalted, sauce.Mediocre food and questionable room cleanliness aside, the biggest reason for this 1 star review is the AWFUL service and attitude provided by nearly every employee of Cannery that we encountered, from the check-in desk, to the table game dealers, to the VIP Hosts. Each spoke with such disdain for our presence and minimal desire to make us feel welcome.I'd strongly recommend booking somewhere else the next time you're in Vegas. Anywhere, really.
3	Cant really say much about the Cannery. Havent played the machines. But they seem to book alot of musicians and the prices are cheap so thats a good thing. The Buffet doesnt open til 11 am. How many casinos dont have a breakfast buffet?? I think its odd but ok. The buffet is delicious though and you will be leaving stuffed for the price of a 2 item at Panda Express.
1	don"t eat at vinos resturant if you like good service, my family WAS a regular local there for years,however after 10-22-2011,we will not be back, the service was HORRIBLE,waiter did not refill drinks,was not asked if we wanted more oil and vinegar for our bread when they seen we were out, candle was not lit, when I confronted the manager about the problem all she did was smile and shake her head,HOW DO YOU RUN A BUSINESS LIKE THIS???? THIS MANAGER HAS GOT TO GO!!!!! PT"S has much more friendly sevice, excellent sevice from entire staff and they have a LEROYS betting machine for football,(prices are right too)!!!!!
3	The rooms are really nice. I come in from California now and then for work in North Las Vegas and this is one of the better places to stay. It has been a few years since my last visit and the rooms have been updated very nicely. The only thing that I wasn't expecting was the lack of toiletry items missing. Since I flew here I left home the lotion and conditioner expecting it to be here but not anymore. That is the only complaint.
5	I live very close to the Casino.  Whenever I have friends over, I take my quests here for the buffet. Lunch is only $10.99.  How can you beat the price?? I love to take the kids to the Sunday Champagne Brunch.  For $14.99, I get to have the Champagne and the delicious food.  I take my kids here once a month.  They always get excited when it's Cannery Sunday!  They don't have fancy menu compared to the big casinos like Bellagio or Venetian  But again this is affordable when I'm treating the whole group of people and the bill can be controlled within $100.  They have wide variety of food to choose from like Asian, American, Italian, etc.  It's a great neighborhood Buffet place!
5	Check out the sports bar by the Coffee shop towards the back.  Excellent bartenders back there.  Check out Todd, Matt and Keith, they'll take care of ya.
4	The Cannery is a fun place to stop by if you are around the area. I live in CA but my parents own a home, at most 5 mins away, that we visit about once a month. We always make a stop at Cannery for Victory Cafe and the Bingo. While we wait for Bingo we stop by and play the machines....which I never win...but that's just me because my mom walks out with money all the time. The only thing that gets on my nerves is when the securities are constantly bugging me for my I.D. HELLO! You think I would have a drink in my hand and be sitting all comfortable on my chair when you walk by if i wasn't 21......well....I guess that is debatable.  Guess they are just doing their job. Anyways, I enjoy my time here!
1	I have been to my fair share of casinos across the globe, and this is hands down the worst I have ever seen.  The facility itself seems fine - plenty of restaurants, table and drink waitresses.  The staff is the most rude and least helpful I could ever imagine.  The dealers were complete a$$holes - especially Larry (craps dealer) and Jeff (blackjack, pai gow, etc).  Larry got angry because he could not keep track of all the bets at the craps table, and tried to cheat me out of a red seven bet on a come out roll.  The other players at the table came to my defense, and he grudgingly paid the bet.  Jeff made us sit at a broken pai gow table for 30 minutes, determined the shuffler was broken and didn't offer us another table or game.  The food at the Victory Cafe is awful too.  In fact, I can't think of a single pleasant thing to mention about this place.  They should light it on fire and collect the insurance.  If it were possible to give it zero or negative stars, I would.  Under no circumstance would I recommend the Cannery - even to my plethora of worst enemies.The hotel is just as bad - crappy facilities, rude front desk staff and internet at $13 a day.Stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Much better places to stay where the staff is willing to work and make guest feel like they matter. If its not one thing then it's going to be another.  Check Wanda's review, says it all.
3	It's a locals casino, to say the least! And it's far from any station casino! It's small, smokey but  had nice machines.The restaurants were all cutely decorated and advertised, but we didn't eat at any of them/
3	I can honestly say that of all the casinos in Vegas, Cannery is one of them.  We were there for the Weird Al concert.  We had a blast.  Other than that, I don't frequent casinos.  I've had enough of them after being a pit boss.
3	This is a decent casino if your looking for a no frills local gambling experience. In my opinion what makes this place worth going to is some of the non casino elements. I personally really enjoy the Galaxy Theaters and frequent it all the time. Also check out the Cafe, they make some pretty good, albeit gut busting sandwiches. But if your looking for a more upscale place to hang out, then this is probably not the place for you.
4	I pass by the Cannery Hotel and Casino in North Las Vegas almost daily.  I originally never had any interest in ever stepping foot in here because I expected a small and smokey dungeon of a casino.  Family was in town this week and wanted to go.  So, here I am writing a review. As soon as I walk in, I decided to walk around before I make any judgments of the place.  The first thing that caught my eye as I walked around this joint was that there are so many rest rooms.  I've been to casino/hotels where you literally am walking all over the place just to go number 1.  Then I realize that it was just the same rest room I walked by earlier.  I think I lapped this place before I realized it.  Yes, this place is small and also smokey as I expected.  I don't play slots, but my parents swear by this place.  They ended up coming here 3 nights in a row.  They probably won here, but I think they like it here because it reminds them of the Indian casinos they frequent in California.  Then my brother in law paid a visit and won big on Black Jack.  Besides my parents, my brother in law is now a fan.  This only means that I will be hitting this place up more.For me, this isn't my first, second, or even third casino of choice.  I can understand why some people like it.  It's probably because;-It's small and some people like smaller casinos.  Also finding your party is easy, especially when it's time to go home.-Slot Machines:  I'm told this place pays out.  Machines don't ever look busy. -Victory Bar/Grill:  I haven't tried anything in here, but looks good and may probably come back soon to try.-Rewards/Players Card:  They have a current offer for new members which is that they reimburse you up to $100 for any loses your first 24 hr period.  You feel like you're playing on house money.  But actually it's a trick to get you back and spend more. I won't do it, I won't do it.  Okay, I did. Cons:-Smokey.  My clothes reeked of smoke when I got home.  -Poker Room:  Small and I should consider it a room.  It's 3 tables in the middle of the casino.  I can't judge the games because I didn't play, but everyone look so serious to play 2/4 limit.  Why so serious??-No 3 Card Poker or Let It Ride:  Probably the only table games that I play.-Takes forever for your drinks to come.  I sometimes think it's their trick for you to spend more.  Overall, I gave this place 4 stars because my parents love this place.  And you know that mom is never wrong.  I also think this casino serves its purpose.
3	It is a local's casino. I come here whenever I visit my folks who live about 10 minutes away. It is not as fancy as the casinos on the strip and that is what I expect. They cater to locals. I enjoy the table games, slots, and restaurants. It is simply a place to drop a few dollars and spend an evening out.
1	Dump! Dump! Dump! Everyone was rude and totally ignored us. Couldn't get a drink at the bar and couldn't get a table at the Buffett. I guess because we weren't locals...
4	Nice and clean hotel rooms which are reasonably priced.  Their cafe is pretty good.  The parking garage is a safe place as I have left my car there multiple times to carpool with no problems.  Security is always around.  Their buffet is OK, some of their items need to be kept hotter and overall is nothing to brag about. Cant comment on the casino as I don't gamble. They have some pretty good concerts and tribute bands every so often.  To conclude I like the place.
4	This is a review for the casino only.There's really not much to say about The Cannery other than it's your typical locals' casino.  It's not very large, it's a little smoky, there's a buffet and a couple restaurants....you know, a place you wind up running through because you're trying to get to the movie theater.Despite being a run-of-the-mill casino, The Cannery does offer some interesting music once in a while.  There are some older bands (like America and Loverboy, for example) and a ton of tribute bands.  If there is one thing you need to know about me, it's that I have a real soft spot in my heart for tribute bands.  Don't question why- some things in life aren't meant to be explained.  Just know that I wind up at this casino more often than I imagined I would trying to catch some Journey cover songs.The Cannery is located on Craig Road, conveniently off of the 15.  This is a great location if you are in town to spend the weekend at the Speedway.  But unless you are looking for a place to stay during NASCAR weekend, are interested in one of the bands playing at The Club, or just happen to live in the neighborhood then I really see no reason for you to make a trip to The Cannery just for the hell of it.A-OK for the casino, with an extra star for the tribute bands.
3	It's a small casino with a friendly staff.
4	Good locals casino!I've stopped by a handful of times over the years.  It's got a good movie theater that is usually playing all the newest movies.  It's also rarely crowded here, at least during the times I've showed up.I've had some late night poker room runs, but it's been quite a while to comment actually.  But the few times I have come here, I usually leave with more than I brought with me and it was never crowded.Also had the graveyard cafe specials here, but last time was probably at least a year ago.  I remember it being decent food at good prices.Check it out if you are nearby :)
1	the bartenders at VICTORYS were awful.  Slow to even take your drink order and weird looks.  My wife and I were in there gambling and wanted to have lunch, the place was really slow, bartenders standing around goofing off, it was a younger thin mexican guy and a shorter middle aged white lady, we waited for 10 to 15 minutes and were playing video poker, just rude!
4	Pretty good local place. Better than I thought it would be. Love the pinup theme! $1.50 beers at Victory's barr 24/7. Looser than the strip! That's for sure.
3	I stayed here for almost a week. Did not partake on the casino side, it did seem smokey. As for the hotel side, the rooms were clean/comfortable and housekeeping kept it clean. The night I checked in they told me they had a concert but I didn't hear a thing... Must of being from driving for 4 days! Great rates, the only complaint I have is that during my stay the closest exit door to my room was broken and I had to go around to the front entrance or the back to gain access. Inconvenience that's all. I hope it's been fixed!
3	A friendly staff whom don't speak english...Casino dealers here can't count right, and/or are low quality break in dealers...This casino should be called "The Cannery Nursing Home" especially at the buffet where the food there is blah and the old timers are laying some nasty colon farts (stinky)...Movie theaters are ok, so is parking (except where the tractor trailers are taking up 10 spots to park sideways)...
2	Movie theatre=OKBuffet= OKVictory Cafe:Absolutely the most horrible coffee and omelet that I have ever had in my entire life. Coffee should have been called coffee flavored water, weak and bitter tasting.Eggs-grossly overcooked, and I am not one to return food to the kitchen so they can spit on it or something.Steak-according to my family members was tough and rubbery.Hotcakes were very bland. How do you screw up hotcakes?Very disappointing, so I will wait on the buffet, which at least has options if something is terrible, for me to try something else.
4	I have been visiting the Cannery for years. We went on a Friday night for the "Wanted" show, a Bon Jovi tribute band. The tickets were only $5.00 and the show was actually really good. "The Club" inside the Cannery is a good venue for this type of show and there is really not bad seat in the house. Beers were $5.00, which is typical for an "off strip show". Stayed for a little gambling afterward. Plenty of affordable tables and not too crowded. The tables I played at appeared to have been replaced or "re-felted" recently and were in good shape. The waitress was around frequently with her cry of "Cocktails?" and back in a jiffy with everyone's drink. There was plenty of free parking just a short walk from the casino. A return trip is definitely in order.
1	Horrible service and the dealers have no personalities.  Arrived Saturday at 3:30 and started playing blackjack. We waited until 4:00 and the cocktail waitress hadn't come by yet.  We asked the pit boss "Joe" who is a fat man in a tiny suit with no personality to come over. He had an attitude and said they only had one waitress for the pits and she could only do one side at a time because she was so scrawny. We waited until 4:18 until we left with out the cocktail waitress coming by once.  I know this place is a dive but they should be able to get us drinks in a timely fashion.
2	Room: better than I thought. Buffet: Dinner (Duh), Breakfast (Good) Casino: (meh, my dad n I spent an hour there get bored with only two drinks)Conclusion: I will definitely stay at oldtown next time even I need to pay $50 more
3	I've never stayed at the hotel just went to the buffet. The buffet offered different food from around the world. Not much variety in some of the other countries food. Nice variety of dessert! The other customers weren't very friendly and didn't care about the people around them. The wait staff was really nice had to deny a few tables because they were dirty.
3	Easy for me to go cash my paycheck with no fee, and a free hit at a bingo game. The only bad thing about cashing a check on Friday is the fact that everybody else is too and the process is very long. I always seem to fail my fingerprint on the back of the check because I either press to hard or to soft. But whatever. Expect about a 30-40 min wait on Friday to cash your check.
3	Good general relaxing casino....outdoor concert venue is great.Staff is friendly....rooms are clean.
2	We go to the Cannery once a year for a car event near by.What I do not understand is the staff.  We encountered a pit boss that had no clue about the restaurants here.  US:  "Do you have a steak house?"  Pit boss: "I don't know"US:  "Where is the mexican restaurant?"  Pit boss: "We dont have one."  We found the Mexican place through the help of another employee.Most of the dealers would clearly rather be anywhere else, talking trash about their employer with no provocation. We were disappointed that so many BJ tables were double or six deck.  Slots were tight.  No reason in particular to go here unless you are like us and there is a special event you want to attend.
3	It's really tough to be objective when you rate a casino, because they tend to get more stars if you win money, and less stars when you lose.Objectively speaking (which is my primary language), "A-OK" is a perfect expression for this place.I've been here twice. Once back in 2004 or 5, shortly after it opened, and again last night.I went last night because I happened to be on that side of town, and I wanted to catch the 4th quarter of an NBA play-off game.In 2003, I had classified it as a low-grade, locals casino (if Yelp had existed back then, I would have given it 2 stars.)But after going there again, I have raised it to an average locals casino.There are tons of machines, to the point where I couldn't find the one I was just playing after I took my hourly bathroom break. But, that's a good thing. I really liked the variety of penny slots in this place.I've read some of the other reviews, and yes, it is smoky, dingy, dark, etc., but most locals casinos are.I liked the fact that were not a lot of loud, drunk, annoying, young people in there, and the patrons closer to my age were friendly enough.I particularly liked the casino-floor staff, (waiters, waitresses, the people who empty the ashtrays, etc.).Although my slant-top machine was relatively clean, a staff member insisted on wiping off the screen and the drink-rest, all the while chatting cautiously but with a friendly tone.I'm scratching my head, trying to remember another person in that capacity, chatting like that. It was nice. I don't have the foggiest clue about the restaurants, valet, or anything else, accept for the casino floor, and it was fine by me.3-stars.
4	Didn't really play in the casino...we came for the concert in The Club. When we first walked into the venue, we saw it was outside. I was a little worried about the heat, but there was a small breeze and it turned out to be a nice night to sit outside. It was general admission, so it was first come, first serve to sit "inside" near the stage, which is like a club with no wall. We sat behind that on the bleacher style seats outside, which were only about half full; therefore, pretty comfortable to sit in.  Still had a great view and the sound was great. The concert was the World Class Rockers, which was a mix of musicians from Journey, Boston, Steppenwolf, Santana, and Lynard Skynard.  The concert was really good and only $17. I would definitely go to this venue again.
1	Cock roaches!When we entered our hotel room the main light switch didn't work so we had to walk in and turn the lights on next to the bed while holding the door open to let enough light in to see what I was doing. The room was super cold with the air all the way up. Why? Having to walk thru the room with the lights off gives the cockroaches a chance to hide before the lights come on and the cold keeps them hidden as well. But!... We dropped our stuff and went to eat and when we came back (leaving the lights on) several cockroaches ran across the floor at my feet! Needless to say we checked out (the girl at the counter didn't seem surprised or concerned) and went up the road to the Marriott because they black-light inspect every room daily.You get what you pay for!
2	You know something I used to like this place, the shows were usually good. Then I started to notice the security staff acting like gestapo when it comes to people enjoying themselves at shows. They would push people around deny them places to sit and basically act like they own the place. Lets see how long these places stay in business if the paying people stop going to these shows. I don't like being pushed around by rent a cops nor do I suspect others enjoy this either. They book some interesting music venues and on occasion they are not as good as they tout them to be. Heaven forbid you want to walk out and get a refund for a bad show your out of luck. So guess what they are on my permanent boycott list now. There are other venues and better places to go to.
1	The players club change their rules when they feel like it. It's funny how I receive an email for "new member promotions" on the 27, it's good for 7 days, I go in on the 2nd and they say it's when they "sent it" not when you receive it. They do nothing to rectify the situation and don't give a shit. I'll take my presidential status elsewhere.  Ridiculous.
5	I really enjoy the Cannery Hotel & Casino!!!The staff is very outgoing and friendly, they have exceptional promotions all of the time, in fact , that's what keeps ME going back!!!! Great gifts and goodies to earn or for free, if I am going to play I might as well get something in return. I do pretty good on the machines as well!!!! The casino itself isn't a 5 star resort or anything but it's a nice local casino, The hotels rooms are very nice, clean ... It's just a fun place, I truly enjoy it!!!! Thank you!!!!
4	We love the Cannery Casino and Hotel. Our son and family live in North Las Vegas, so it is a great location for us. The hotel and casino staff are very considerate and helpful. We have eaten in all the restaurants from Waverly's to Victory's and have never been disappointed. It is small, very clean and user friendly in all capacities, from the movie theatres to the bingo room.
4	My boyfriend and I booked a trip to Vegas and decided about 2 weeks prior to our trip that we wanted to add a night. Being that it's the Sunday or Memorial Day weekend, we knew a strip hotel was probably out of the question. Not only were the prices through the roof, but everything was sold out. We chose to stay off the strip one night and then transition on to the strip for the rest of our stay. We choose the cannery, and I'm really glad we did. Conveniently located off of Craig road, it's about a 15 minute drive to and from the strip. The hotel is nice, clean, and the king bed was huge! It is an off strip hotel, so if you want to be in the center of things, you obviously won't, but it is close to the speedway, shops, and dinning. It does have a decent casino if you want to stay in for the night. We will certainly consider this an option when adding nights or even for a short Vegas stay.
2	I'd have to say my visits here including this one have been average. I've never had any real luck gambling here. The place is clean and they do have some of the newer slot machines available. But traveling across the city to come here- not worth a special trip. I also ate at their fast food pizza place. The meatball sandwich came out cold (like the gambling, lol).
3	The cannery isn't one of the BEST station casinos however since its new renovations I can honestly say it's a heck of a lot better than what it use to be! I happen to be invited to stay over night here because a friend of mine has one of the higher levels of memberships from playing at station casinos! Tonight the room was on the house! It took me by surprise how nice the rooms were inside... Now the funny part is they have the nerve to charge $120 a night! Ha! Renovations or not let's be serious it's the cannery.. Located in NORTH Las Vegas.. :-/ they are out their minds because there's no way I'd pay that kind of rate a night for them. You can stay at one of the MGMs upgraded suites not even in the "West Wing" for cheaper than that and yes even on a weekend! Nice try! Umm didn't do any gambling but from what I've heard it's not the best of luck spot there is..
1	Being that this place is right across the street from my apartment complex, I have frequented this place a lot as it is quite convenient to have a local casino within walking distance. That unfortunately is the only positive thing about the Cannery. I have had a weird experience with the bartender at Victory (heavy set with black hair - bootleg Soprano guy) come look at my game screen and then just totally ignore me the rest of the time.  I personally could care less about compensated drinks. If I wanted them, I certainly would not be at the Cannery drinking Coors light. The point is just because I choose not to feed your video poker machine every 5 minutes doesn't mean you should ignore me. I mean, I am sitting at a bar and that usually means I would like you to serve me a drink in exchange for money and most of the time a well compensated tip. On another note, I actually came back another time and I witnessed the same bartender having an issue with another customer. Why is this guy still working there? Now on to the Sports book. Today was the final straw with this place. I went to wait in what was obviously only one line in which a total of 2 people were standing in. Again, one line. When it was my turn to place my bets, the guy told me I was in the wrong line. Are you serious!? I mean I get it, you have 2 lines to distinguish between the sports and race bets or maybe the work stations are set up specifically for races or sports. But when all you have is 2 registers open with 1 line and on one side of the room, guess what? - I'm going to wait in what appears to be the ONLY line. It took him a total of 30 seconds to explain his theory on the invisible sports line and about 2 seconds to punch my card in. "Sorry, I wasted your time" is what I replied. This guy obviously was having a bad day. If it weren't for these 2 incidents, I would rate them a solid 4 stars but considering what seems to be a consistent issue with customer service, I'm going with 1. Peace and be well Cannery casino.
4	Haven't been here in a few years. The hotel lobby and gaming area is looking pretty worn down. The cigarette smell is pungent as with most hotels in Las Vegas. However, the rooms are still good, great bed and good pillows. They no longer supply la cup in the room. You need to ask for lotion. The twirls are kid sizes. I still like this place and will be coming back.
2	I loved the fact that they had 24 hour Security In the parking lot and they were visible @ all times . my husband and I Came m from Florida And Kentucky and Unfortunately this casino did not have the wow facts for me the only thing my husband liked was the sports betting other than that if we were on Vacation We Could haVe Went to the Casino in Cincinnati or the hard Rock in Tampa
