1	I wouldn't go back here. I haven't received my glasses. I placed an order for some glasses and paid. They said it would take a month before I saw them.  Well... my order was placed 04/07 it is now 05/15. I called them last week at the one month mark, since I hadn't heard from them and wanted to check the status of the order. Their response was "oh we were going to call you today", then said they would call me back once they had my info up. They didn't call me back. I waited 2 hours and called them back myself... At this time they finally told me it was back ordered and that they couldn't provide me with any info as to when I would get them. The girl who answered than informed me that they were closing and would have to call back... Hmmm really? Their customer service needs definite improvement. I am not even upset with the fact that it's taking long it's just the lack of concern for their customers that bothers me.
5	We have been patients for years. Great office, dr is always very thorough, staff are helpful and office very clean. Me and my family are happy with this office and always return.
1	Got my glasses there a year ago and got an email recently saying that I need to get a new eye exam. I know I need new glasses. I am on Medicare due to the wonderful unemployment rate. I gave them a call to see how they can help. I went by their office few months ago and was told by one of their employees that I can use Medicare and to come back in October. I got the rude treatment and was kind of put down by them. They have lost me as a customer and I will suggest others not to go there.
5	This is the second year I've seen Dr. Cheung.  She had a very caring attitude and took her time with my eye exam.  She was very nice friendly and very eau to talk with about my vision situation.  I didn't feel rushed at all during my eye exam. A great experience with Dr. Cheung. Candace helped me with getting my glasses. Candace had already preselected some glasses for me because she's helped me before.  I really appreciated this but when sitting with her going over the choices of my glasses I decided to get sunglasses instead.  Candace was very helpful in picking a couple of frames for me.  Not too difficult because there wasn't much to choose from since I have a big head-I have to have larger frames. I only had two sunglasses frames to choose from.  The choice was made super easy when I found out the price. One was $500+; the other about $160, though instance picked up most of the frame cost.  For some off the other options I went with it cost a little more and was unnecessary, but I needed to use my health savings account dollars before they expired at the end of the year, though the $500 frame would have blown way past my savings dollars. I wish they would have more of a selection for people with larger heads. Like with me buying shoes, I have too look for what's available in my size first then pick from what's available, not chose like most people where they look for their style first then look for their size. Candace was very helpful and patient in going over the options my insurance covered. Another great experience at Optic gallery.
