1	Worst Quest EVER!!!! Do not even bother to go to this location unless you don't mind leaving really pissed off.  Scheduled my appointment weeks in advance for my daughter's allergy test. The day of my appointment (12/26/13) I showed up 20 minutes early and there was no one in the waiting room.  I asked the lady behind the glass window if they can take us right away since my daughter have not had breakfast yet (that was 10:10am).  The lady goes, "Oh the Phlebotomist is busy with another patient right now", again there is no one waiting before I got there and all I can hear from where we were sitting are people laughing in the back room. ARE THEY EVEN WORKING!! Didn't sound like it. I went again to the lady in the front desk because it is already 10:30am (my appointment time) to ask what time are they taking us back and was told that he would be out shortly...REALLY? At 10:40am I was really aggravated that I walked out with my family lest my daughters see me yell at those extremely unprofessional people.  Why even allow people to schedule appointments when the people who work there cannot keep it. P.S.  The lady who said "there's a patient in the back" and "that the Phlebotomist will be out shortly" did not stand up or do anything. In fact when I first walked up to her, she sounded irritated and asked "What are you here for?. Like she doesn't want to be at work. Well, hello Quest??? There are a lot of unemployed people out there who are more qualified that her can take her position because it looks like she hates her job!
4	This place is located in the San Martin Medical Arts Pavilion building on Arby Ave.  When you go in the sliding doors, it's the first door on your left (before the elevators) #190 that says Quest on it.  I read the 2 reviews about this place, so I was ready to give them a time limit before I walked out.  When I came in, the guy that took my paper work was a bit uptight-ish and not so friendly, but the one that took my blood was very friendly and started small talk about the weekend so that I would relax a bit (not one for getting vials of blood taken :\ )  I wouldn't say I'm a fan, but I do give it 4 stars because I got out of there pretty quickly and my blood guy was nice, even though his front desk buddy wasn't.
5	found this location on website and did not realize they were appointment only. waiting room was packed. but found out that quest and the doctor next door share the waiting room. the quest people ask for by appointment only.  but I did not know that so they have an excellent phlobotomist named Juan that took my blood. the guy is the best most gentle man ever. I am going here from now on Great experience
