4	It's what you'd expect from an IHOP, pancakes for everyone's taste. Although in the maryvale area (hood); I like that its always busy which translates to fresh food. Always a wait but worth it for cheap pancakes and a balloon artist for the kids. Forego the hashbrowns for the country potatoes; crispy seasoned yummness.Dress code: it's ihop so anything goes; even pajamas
1	I would have gave them a NEGATIVE stars if they had them. Continuos horrible service, rude and all we ever get is a "I am sorry" from the manager. We keep coming back hoping for a change. But it never changes. We will NOT be coming back here. We will take our money to cocos (which is across the street) IHOP is officially on my "most horrible restaurants" DONT GO HERE, safe your money and time...
1	This place sucks I found 7 hairs on my dish . Between the batter of the pancake the egg and even my coffee what kind of shit it this if give out a -5 slow service and the waitress have their hair all over the place that explains the hairy plate
2	OMG! I'm terrified! Their wait staff lacks major customer service skills. Tables smell like mildew. Servers are inattentive to guests and unprofessional. Condiments were placed on table looking disgusting and almost completely empty! I'm not having a good morning here at all. My husband and I can't wait to get our food so we can leave. It's IHOP. But I will not be coming back to this location ever. The manager really needs to get it together here because if you're anything like me, I expect a pleasant dining experience with customer service and a clean envioronment, which I'm not being given here.
1	This place is horrible. The servers can't ever get the order right. Been waiting for my food for about 30 mins. Btw inspect your silverware first
5	My waitress was amazing!!!! My service dog and I walked in at 10:30pm to a crowded restaurant. We were immediately seated where I requested. Everyone was polite, kind, and welcoming. My food took a while to come, but they made up for it with extra cocoa and bacon. (My sweet waitress said to give it to my dog, but we waited til home) On my waitress's recommendation I tried the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes. She brought out hot, fresh maple syrup, and I can say I ate EVERY bite. I hope Heaven has an IHOP with endless (calorie-free) pumpkin cheesecake pancakes. Going back for more soon. Oh, and the manager stopped by our table and made us feel welcome too!A great experience!
