3	Every apartment complex is going to have its ups and downs. That's what comes with renting and not owning. When I first moved to the area, I was having issues finding what I wanted. That was until I found out there was a new development with two level apartments. I fell in love and moved in. Alta is a nice community with a greenbelt, pool, community club house, gym, walking paths, playground, community grills and a dog park. There are several different layouts to pick and all of them are two story with a garage. Vaulted ceilings add to their charm. Overall I enjoyed living there and the community was gorgeous. Very green grass, gorgeous little courtyard areas between apartments. Several times people would not believe me when I said they were rentals. However, over time, it didn't remain in the same condition it was in when I moved. More ASU students and so forth have started moving in and abusing the rules. I like to party as much as the next, but what I don't like is waking up at 6am because someone decided it was appropriate to stop in the middle of the road by my place, start their car and just get out of it and leave it running for a half hour.  I didn't enjoy the people walking their dogs without leashes. To clarify, I love dogs, and I've had dogs running loose in my own yard. But not everyone likes dogs and you may walk past someone who is scared. Your dog may also become spooked for some reason and react. I didn't enjoy people ignoring the no glass in the pool rule, which resulted in the pool having to be emptied, cleaned and refilled.. especially when it was hot out. I also didn't enjoy one pool. The community is built on an old golf course and was way too big for one pool. It has two different addresses and entrances for crying out loud.Also note there's a mandatory valet trash fee. This is so you don't have to take your trash to the big bin that's probably not too far from your house. Maintenance was fairly reliable but I did find myself having to call to find out what happened with a call or double check to make sure someone did make the call on occasion. Moving out was for the most part painless. I cleaned and made sure everything was in pristine condition and turned my keys in and was done with it. In the end, it's a nice place. I wouldn't say I couldn't stand it... but it did evolve into something much different than when I first moved in.
4	I have been living here for a month now, great place.
1	I moved here in August of 2012. Initially I was blown away, thinking WOW what an awesome place to live. Not only is it gorgeous but it's a location close to ASU, where I go to class. You know what they say though, looks can be deceiving.I looked over the contract for days. I wanted to make sure I knew what I was getting myself into. I moved into a 3 bedroom townhouse where rent including utilities averaged around 1750.00 per month....trust me when I say it is NOT worth it.They don't tell you about the insane $1,000+ move-in fees, and they won't tell you that if there's even a single stain on the carpet that they'll be charging you $1,200 to rip out the entire carpet when it's time to move out, not including any other damages that will occur throughout the year. In the course of my 12 month lease the dishwasher broke and was NEVER replaced despite the many phone calls I made to maitenance. Neither was my shower drain, or my lights, or my screen door that fell off after an insane monsoon storm. They tell you the 24-hour help service will be there for you no matter what! Lightbulbs are complimentary and feel welcome to call at 2 in the morning....I know that occurances were MY job to fix, but when I have to wait 3 days for an exterminator to come knocking on my door only after I find black widows in my bathroom, that's when enough is enough!!!! Expect to wait at least 3 days before your request even gets noticed...if it does at all.Security guards harass you if you're at the pool after 10pm, which in a college location in the big city, good freaking luck trying to have a good time. If you're looking for a quiet place to study in the late hours of the night, better make sure you head to a coffee shop or late library. The walls in this apartment complex are super thin, and there's nothing one loves more than hearing your newly-wed neighbors in the wee hours of the morning. The clubhouse the apartment complex raves about closes at 6pm sharp, and they WILL kick you out even if your table is covered in books. Another thing...expect all these snooty letters to be dropped off at your doorstep. I can't tell you how many of these I got. My neighbors smoke and I was the one getting letters saying IF YOU DON'T PICK UP THOSE CIGARETTE BUTTS, WE WILL FINE YOU $75. Also, YOUR CHRISTMAS LIGHTS ARE TOO BRIGHT. NOISE COMPLAINT. WE DON'T LIKE THE FLOWERS ON YOUR PATIO. Yada yada yada. I got these on a weekly basis. If you can't stand it anymore you're better to just try and deal until your lease is up. It costs $2,000+ to break lease. My roommates and I had had it with this place so we all agreed to chip in the money to get out. That's when it hit the fan.The office told us that they were about to go under new management and that it would cost an additional $1500 from the new contract to move out, bringing our breaking lease total to over $3,500. Even though this was NOT written in our previous contract and we were not notified of the new management in any way!They absolutely refused to let us out until this was paid and they told us we had to wait an additional 60 days for the paperwork to get processed, and charge us for the additional $1750.00 months rent each month until then.So lets do the math. $3500 to break lease plus two months rent.....WTF?!!!! Oh and while we were waiting on paperwork to process, we were notified of a new way to pay rent. 1 check per person. No more individual payments. Each offense was $50. Absolutely ridiculous and unprofessional. The staff are no help whatsoever and the new manager has no clue what's going on. It's been 4 months since I moved out now and I'm STILL getting harrassing phone calls from the office bringing up all these seperate fees from nowhere. Disgusting people will try to get all the money out of you no matter what.I'm still in my early 20s and I did not need this. I managed to get out safe but my other roommates have marked credit records now because of this mess. Just what we need graduating school right?DO NOT MOVE HERE. THEY WILL SWINDLE YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU HAVE GOT AND THEY LIE RIGHT TO YOUR FACE!!!Thanks for the worst 12 months of my life.
2	First off, I love this complex, the house, the amenities, the pool, the grass, and the trees. It's a beautiful place, and I'm glad to call it home. I am very surprised though at the amount of incredibly loud cars and bikes that haul through the complex. I feel like it's time i told someone, besides the people in the front office, how annoying it is.You might have noticed from the map that this complex is long and skinny. There is a main road that everyone in the north part of the complex must use to get in or out, and between 8 and 12am it is regularly dragged by hogs and tuner cars. If you're a light sleeper like I am, you won't like sleeping here.------Jan 2014 - It's currently 2:19 am and I was once again woken up by the corvette across the street.
1	Ever since Alliance took over this place went down hill. I moved out becuase Alliance does nothing but ignore the problem. They never respond to voice mails or emails, they never pick up the phone even though when you go to the office they always recommend to call them. The places are nice but there's always muscle cars rolling through all hours of nights in the 1 year I was there the front gate was driven into 3 times the kyrene gates twice each! For the price you get an actual home like I did.
1	It's a great place for rolling up your garage, tuning your cars, and trading engine fixing tips in loud voices all night long!  And welding on a Sunday evening! Actually, it's a nightmare for anybody who lives around it and isn't interested in this culture of male bonding. I will be so happy to move away from my town home in Pepperwood next door, only because I will escape my proximity to those in Alta Ravenwood. It's that bad.
1	It's unfortunate that I write this review.  My husband and I have lived here for just under a year. And in that time there have been three management companies and nothing done about maintenance.  We like to treat our place like we own it and we are sorely disappointed in that so many items have been overlooked and not repaired over a years time.  And now they want to raise our rent.  We already pay top of the line rent for a place that has become more and more in disrepair.  Instead of having mature adults that care about their surroundings they are more interested in young, trashy youth that don't care about whether they vandalize or trash the community The fire pit has been out of commission all winter and now we are heading into summer and they refuse to fix it.  The fitness facility is sorely in need of updating.  The dumb bell collection is incomplete and in disrepair.  They have one remote control for 4 televisions.  No body wipes down the equipment after use and it is disgusting.  There is litter all over the complex at all times.  The maintenance staff tries to keep up with it, but the complex is full of pigs.  There is continuous speeding and reckless driving throughout the complex at all hours.  Couches and furniture are dumped in the dumpsters almost nightly (people move out in the middle of the night leaving trash behind)  I am really really disappointed in the new management company and how little they care. We are nickeled and dimed on every aspect of our rent.  So if you think the base rent is what you will end up paying....think again.  Water, more money.  Trash, more money.  Have a pet?  Well even more money.  Sorry Alta Ravenwood/Ravenwood Heights, you fail. Please note,  my husband and I ARE NOT renewing our lease!!!! And make note....the complex will change names to Ravenwood Heights, so do not be fooled.  PB Bell is no better than Alliance.
1	I live behind this complex. If you are considering moving and looking for a quiet place keep looking.  The traffic in the parking lot is a combination of cars without mufflers and Harleys. The noise goes on all hours of the night.  Even atv races in the parking lot. Trailers parked in the back.  Management must not be concerned.
1	I lived at Alta Ravenwood for three (3) years with my teenage son. When we first moved in the place was spectacular.  Mark Taylor, who managed the complex at the time did an outstanding job taking care of the grounds, responding to repairs and caring about the tenants. After about a year and a half Alliance took ovrr and for my last several months P.B. Bell took over management duties.During my first year or so the turn over rate of tenants was minmal. The community was tight and many of us knew each other. It was difficult to find an empty apartment. During the last almost 2 years the place has been like a revolving door.The last two companies drove the property into the ground. Maintenence requests which used to be completed in a day or two now takes weeks. The noise levels and restrictions are unreal. They bill themselves as a 5 star living complex, perhaps on a scale of 100.  Yes, the first year and a half, definitely 5 star! Today, I wouldn't give them a second look. Did I mention that two managers in the first 5 months that P.B.Bell tookover.The complex was a nice mix of families and college students. Dog park, green grass, well landscaped. They would paint your apartment two tone prior to your move in, install extra ceiling fans if you provided them. No longer do they offer these things, club house closes by 6:00pm, pool by 10:00pm...... this is what you pay close tp $1, 500. Per month for. As for moving out, after three years, the original carpets that were 6 years old and should had been replaced 2 years earlier and well worn they want to charge me for them. Yes, I had a medium siaed dog and payed a dog deposit. They figured that after all of my deposits I still owed them about $300.00. I heard this same story from dozens of people, former tenants that have left since P.B. Bell took over management. I would definitely look elsewhere for a place to live. There are so many nice places that truly are 4 or 5 star worthy and worth north of an avergae of $1, 200.00 for a smaller 2 bedroom, not here. Stay away unless you like lots of noise, poor customer service and to be ripped off when you leave. As if they didn't make enough off you while paying rent they have to increase their profits by manufacturing reasons to have you pay more. I forgot to mention that I moved out almost two (2) months ago and just learned today that if I don't pay by Friday, close tl $300.00 it will go to collections. This shows you how un honest they are as a company and a management team.
