2	Old Chicago is a chain restaurant I never knew existed, even though I'm from the Chicago area.  Oh wait, that's because Old Chicago has NOTHING to do with the city of Chicago itself.  It's based in Boulder, Colorado.  This would explain why the "Chicago-Style Pizza" was...not Chicago-style.  Yes, it's pizza baked in a pan, with a thickish crust, but when the sauce is not on top, it's not Chicago-style.  GET IT RIGHT OR PAY THE PRICE (to quote a favorite childhood TV show).Moving on.  I perused the website before we went, and was excited to see that on Thursday nights, they have $2.50 pina coladas and strawberry daiquiris.  I mean, $2.50??  Hell yeah!  See below:http://oldchicago.com/champaign/specialsWhen I mentioned these specials to the waitress, she looked dumbstruck.  After checking with her manager, she came back and said all they had were margaritas.  I sighed and said, sure, I'd have a margarita.  When she brought it, she informed me that she'd only charge me $2.50 for that one, but nothing else, because they didn't do specials anymore.  I responded that that was fine, but maybe they should TAKE THE SPECIALS OFF THEIR WEBSITE?  I mean, just a thought.  Oh wellz, the margarita was gross anyway.The one redeeming thing about Old Chicago is that it has a ridiculous beer selection.  Like, in the triple digits.  I have to respect that.  Otherwise, this place is pretty mediocre.
3	I was pleasantly surprised, though my expectations were low. They were lowered further by the atmosphere/decor. This chain restaurant is indeed offensive on many levels to a person from Chicago: typical corporate chain restaurant wall flair is everywhere, and that schlock is indeed Chicago themed. There is a scoreboard that looks like Wrigley's, a sign for Rush Street, and everywhere you look are old timey pics of landmarks etc. etc. This in and of itself would not be so bad, but the fact that the chain so buttfucks the idea of Chicago deep dish pizza is irredeemable. The thing that they call deep dish likely has most of the ingredient groups of a Chicago Style pizza, but it is so unlike a Chicago Style pizza I refuse to discuss it anymore for fear I will throw my keyboard in rage. A quick look at their corporate website and you will note that this place has dozens, if not hundreds of locations, with only one in Chicagoland (Elk Grove, on the Iowa side of O'Hare).So why does this patently offensive joint get an 'A-OK'? The thin crust pizza was pretty good. It was not New York Style, but the cheese had the same saltiness and was cooked to perfection: crispy, with slightly orange cheese, and served hot as hell but not yet burnt. I had it with basil and roasted garlic, which were chopped up and added under the cheese and complimented the pizza very well. Their Cheesy Garlic bread is absolutely divine; I have to get that again next time. They also have beer. Basically every mainstream domestic and popular import you have ever heard of. About 30 on tap. Not as many obscure micros and craft beers as you will find at the Pig and Crane Alley or even at Radio Maria, Boltini and Seven Saints, but it is a great selection for a chain restaurant. Kinda disappointing in that regard, but understandable as this is obviously a company that buys thousands, if not millions of barrels yearly and is not interested in getting a cask here and there.I went on Tuesday night, when they have 1/2 price pizzas and $2.99 Two Brothers' Beers. This made the meal much more palatable. My 14" thin crust pizza full price would have been about $15-16 with 2 toppings, which is a little much for a pizza that feeds two (they say 2-3, but dont do that to yourself). Service was great. Jacob (Jake) was attentive, efficient, and accurate. He was courteous and intuited our needs. We were playing trivia there via the NTN boxes, so of course he always seemed to come by when a question was being asked, but that is just how life seems to work.They have a ton of TVs, most of which are flatscreen HD. They also have a bunch of very high quality video games including new golden tee and new safari hunter as well as a few others. This would be an excellent place to watch a game.So, the experience was pretty darn good, even if it was in an obnoxious corporate atmosphere. Prices would have been a little higher than is reasonable for Chambana, but I went on a night with a deal (check their website for that). Had a talented server, and that made all the difference.
3	I went at lunch and had the pizza bar because I wanted to try their different pizzas. The thin crust one was just OK. The thick crust was a little better. They had a Mexican thick crust which was interesting. I also tried the Stromboli and I really liked it. A soup or salad is included with the pizza bar. The server will bring you the salad. They make their own ranch dressing and that's a plus in my book. You get a chocolate chip cookie with your ticket. And it is really good. This is NOT Chicago style pizza. I'm not sure why they chose that name. Unless there is something I am not aware of. When I go to Chicago I have Chicago style pizza like Gino's. Now that's a Chicago style pizza!
3	I've only done the lunch buffet here, so that's what my review will be for. It's cool they have a huge beer selection. The lunch pizza buffet comes with soup/salad, the buffet which has breadsticks, some kind of stramboni things, and various mix of pizzas. they give you a choc-chip cookie for dessert. The pizza is good, but I wouldn't say it's the best in town, or "chicago" style pizza. The buffet sometimes doens't have any "normal" pizza up there. Ususally you can ask the waitress to request they make a certain pizza though. But sometimes they have some very weird stuff up there like cheeseburger pizza, pinapple and ham, or whatever they feel like on any given day. Also it seems they always want to put me on the farthest side away from the buffet as possible on lunch even when there are a ton of open tables around the lunch buffet (which most people get during lunch hours). I hate having to walk aroudn the entire bar to get to the buffet. I realize I could just ask to sit closer, but when I  tell the hostess 2 for the bufet, I almost want to see where they will sit me, and they always sit me the farthest booth away from the buffet as possible.
4	They are the only decent place to eat open later than 11 pm. The food is good and they get good games
4	First and foremost, this isn't classic Chicago Style pizza. With that said, the pizza still isn't bad. Of course I think Girodano's, Malnati's, Gino's is all trash so take this as you will. I've been to this place three times now and I will say after my first visit (lunch buffet) was so so as far as i'm concerned. The salad was good though and who doesn't like a warm cookie as you leave? This led my wife and I to try it for dinner one evening. It was busy, around a 20 min wait for a table but it was worth it. We were given a bar table which allowed me scan the numerous brands of beer on tap-lots of micro brews which is great. We ordered the "Chicago Style" medium (plenty for three) and it came with plenty of cheese and lots of flavorful slightly spicy sauce. The crust was crispy yet tender inside, my preference. At any rate the service was prompt and competent. Overall I believe we'll definitely be heading back to this place as long as the beer keeps flowing and the pizza quality is up to snuff.
4	Only been there once, but it was great, far better than I was expecting. The Chicago-style crust isn't true Chicago style, but it's still pretty good. The Italian sausage was an excellent topping, and the individual pizza was the perfect amount for one.
3	Old Chicago is a Chambana favorite of my friends and I.  We usually end up going on Tuesdays because pizza is priced half off, and we are poor college students.  Overall, the food is pretty good and the atmosphere is nice when it isn't completely crowded.  It is a chain restaurant, so don't expect unique gourmet cooking.  The 'Chicago-style' pizza is more like a standard thick crust pizza as opposed to REAL Chicago-style pizza.  Try Papa Del's or Amano's if you're looking for more legit Chicago-style pizza.All that aside, Old Chicago is a nice place to go with friends and/or family.  I have usually had good service, and there is a full bar if you want a drink or two.  The prices are a little steep if you don't go on Tuesdays though.  PROS: Cheap on Tuesdays, decent food, pretty good service, family-friendly atmosphereCONS: Pricey on most days, NOT real Chicago-style pizza, loud when restaurant is crowded
4	Good service, tasty food.  I don't drink, so can't comment on the alcohol selection/quality, although it looked pretty extensive.My boyfriend and I ordered nachos, a NY style pizza, and a spinach artichoke calzone (minus sun-dried tomatoes...yuck).  The nachos were really good and had plenty of toppings.  My calzone was was also delicious, the artichoke hearts were tender and there was plenty of sauce on the side.  My boyfriend's pizza looked good and he seemed to enjoy it.  We were both already pretty full from the nachos, however, so we had plenty of leftovers (not a bad thing!)After reading some reviews and looking at the website, I was afraid that this place might be like a small-chain version of Chili's or UNO or something.  Fortunately, it wasn't.  The food was great and our waitress was very friendly and promptly filled our requests.  We'll definitely be back (probably on a Tuesday for 1/2 price pizza!)
3	The appearance and customer service are great, but as a native Chicagoan I gotta say that I was disappointed with the pizza. Perhaps its because I ordered a simple pepperoni, but it definitely NOT Chicago-style pizza. If you are a native Chicagoan, don't waste your time.
2	Pizza review only!!!1) Their beer tastes good2) Their entres look like stuff you'd find anywhere else and at least smelled and looked good3) The place looks niceBUT...the pizza claiming to be "Authentic Chicago Deep Dish"...sucks...think Personal Pan Pizza from Pizza Hut...remember the doughy texture, the flavor, the look, etc...then you've eaten Old Chicago's deep sigh...just a waste...AND the personal pan (which the waitress said she 'split' with her friends cuz it was sooooooo much ran me almost $13 and barely filled me up.However, I would go back to try their other offerings...if I have time.
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
5	Got 10% off with ,YELP check in - woo-hoo!  Good food, good beer, good time.
5	Food was great!  Service was fantastic. Folks ate very friendly!
3	Old Chicago isn't my first choice when I think of pizza.  I come here when I want a fun atmosphere that is kid-friendly and an extensive beer selection.  I don't think their pizza tastes anything like what you find in Chicago.  Their food isn't bad, by any means, just not that amazing.
1	While browsing for a place to find dessert in C/U, I noticed that Old Chicago had 3.5 stars.   I blurted out, "3.5 stars?  Who is writing these reviews?"  Seriously, that guy above me, or that girl below, who gave this place 4 stars.  They don't know what good food is.  Don't listen to them.  Sorry, but it's true.This place is a blaspheme of Chicago as a restaurant city.  The owners should write an apology and make cash reparations to the city for besmirching its reputation and as a consolation for anyone coming into this place thinking they would be getting true Chicago food.First off, you walk in, and the obligatory Chicago street sign, for Rush Street no less, is in orange.  Orange?  I grew up in Chicago.  Not once did I ever see an orange street sign.  Black on yellow or white on green.  We have orange highway hazard cones.  Hmmm, strike one.  Onto the menu.  The restaurant was started by a bunch of guys from Boulder Colorado who had never even been to Chicago.  Well, that sounds like the kind of people you want dishing up authentic Chicago food, doesn't it? The pizza combos used ingredients that no authentic Chicago pizzeria would ever be caught dead using.  Pineapple?  Chicken?  Anaheim chilis?  Oh, and then there's the lame "Chicago Seven" name to try and tie it all into Chicago.  Otherwise, the pizza names resemble something  you'd find at California Pizza Kitchen.  And I don't mean California Avenue, where Giordano's, a REAL Chicago pizza place, was founded.   Strike two.The pizza got to the table fast.  I do mean fast.  When pizza gets to your table in 15 minutes or less, that means one of two things:  wood burning oven, or frozen pizza warmed up in a conventional oven.  I'll leave the reader to guess which choice is correct.  Taste test time.  I've lived on the north side and the south side.  I know what the different neighborhood pizzas taste like, and what a Chicago pizza should taste like in general.This wasn't Chicago pizza.  The crust was cardboard-like.  Chicago isn't world-renown for its thin crust pizza.  But those neighborhoods pizza places that focus on thin crust do it in a cracker-style.  Not cardboard.   The mushrooms looked canned.  The tomato sauce was bleh.  Strike three.Oh, and just for good measure, the spinach artichoke chip seemed to be devoid of spinach, but not of salt.They do have a good beer selection.  I assume this is so you are tempted into drinking enough beer so that you do not notice how bad the pizza is.Avoid.  Steer clear.  There is a Rosati's in C/U as of the time of this writing, and that is representative of a Chicago-style pizza.  Ironically enough, Rosati's is based in Chicago, not Boulder Colorado.  Old Chicago would be a good place to bring a group, if you wanted to drink, watch a game on one of the 2,382 TVs they have, and don't care about the quality of the food you are about to eat.POST-SCRIPT:  about three days after getting this review, I got an email from the marketing department of the corporate parent of Old Chicago.  Basically saying that they are sorry we were dissatisifed with the experience and offering a voucher for free food.  This is the saddest part of the experience.  It was obviously just a form letter.  The folks didn't even bother to read the review to see why I was dissatisfied.  Strike 4 if that is even possible.  A restaurant that is non-responsive to their customer's concerns is the worst kind of restaurant.
4	We went for the pizza buffet and the kid's root beer tour.  The pizza was fairly good, not too saucy, yet still flavorful, especially for sitting out on a buffet under heat lamps.  The buffet selection is very small, but they change it out frequently (every time I went up, there was a different selection).  I don't know if it matches "Chicago style" pizza, and frankly I don't care.  I'm not here for a particular style of pizza, I'm here for good pizza.The kid's root beer tour is a very nifty idea.  Kids get to order different root beers (nowhere did I see a menu, but the one our server recommended was pretty good), and once they've ordered enough, they get a T-shirt.Speaking of our server, he was fantastic.  Our drinks never ran out, he worked well with our kids, and he was very friendly without being bothersome.
2	Service wasn't that great, probably just our server though. The first time I went with my family it was fine, the other night sucked. When someone wants the chicken Alfredo without the chicken and wants veggies instead, you don't charge extra for the veggies. It's called "special instructions" on the POS. Granted it only cost $0.99 for the   substitution, but it's the principal of the cost of chicken vs the cost of veggies. Also, the veggies they gave were shredded carrots and broccoli with one sliver (literally one) of red pepper. There are better ways of going about substitutions.
2	It's a chain pizza place and the pizza would be told it dosen't belong here if it ever went to Chicago. With that being said we got the Chicago seven on thin crust it got to the table just smokin hot and your frist slice is served to you, we were happy with the pizza tons o cheese thats a good thing as far as I'm concerned, nice toppings good sauce and the crust was good, so overall the pie was good you know not great but high end chain stuff. 110 beers don't hurt anything either. The service, it just sucked no other way to put it, get the really big beer because a refill may not be in your future. This place is not cheap 3 beers cost as much as the pie. This is a might go back and if I do I'm seeing a to go thing happening.
4	Love that they have Coupons from yelp,  tends to be good food and a good value for what you pay.
3	You know, despite the name and all that, I never really expected authentic Chicago style pizza here.  So, while I can understand the disappointment voiced in several reviews here, I didn't feel it myself.I've only gotten the "Chicago-style" pizza here, but like I said, I wasn't expecting Lou Malnati's.  I was expecting a normal pizza with a thick crust.  Like the deep dish at Domino's or Pizza Hut.  I don't know why, that's just how it was.  And that's exactly what I got.  And I'll be honest, it tastes like a more flavorful Pizza Hut pizza.  I don't really know what to say besides that.  It's not the best pizza, but it's not the worst.  And sometimes you just get a craving for pizza like this.Just don't go in expecting something great and you'll be fine.
3	I went here last night because of the Yelp check in offer, and me wanting to try a new restaurant. It was okay, decent or I think I'm more incline to say so so. The service is good, and our waitress was so kind that although she said she can't use the yelp offer on all checks (because they were split checks), she did so. The food is so so for me. First we had the trio sampler appetizer, the cicilian pepperoni roll is quite good, and the itallian nachos taste more like crab rangoon minus the crab stick, but that two was the best one for me. The pizza, taste okay, but I didn't eat the deep dish one, so I couldn't judge on the pizza. Lastly we got the captain's catch which was also taste so so, really didn't leave much impression on me
2	Meh.  Old Chicago changed their pizza menu and it's definitely not as good.  Their new "Tavern style" pizza is basically a less-good version of their NY-style pizza (which they no longer sell).  Both mine and my friend's pizzas were really salty.  Wasn't impressed.One of my biggest food-service pet peeves is staff who don't know what they're talking about.  I understand that just because you work somewhere doesn't mean you have all the answers--but if you don't know something, you shouldn't just LIE to the customer.  I asked our waitress if the Specialty pizzas were included in the half-off deal for Tuesday nights.  She said yes.  We got our bill--which she checked before giving to us--and I paid.  Of course, after we left I realized that our bill was about $5 too high.  Because the 50% hadn't been taken off my pizza.  Because specialty pizzas aren't included in the half off deal.  Won't be back to Old Chicago--not a fan of how they've changed their pizza, and the mistake on the bill was enough to keep me from returning.
1	I only give this place one star because zero or negative stars is not an option. Me and my boyfriend came here after hearing my sister and brother in law rave it, however we were beyond disappointed. First, it took the bartender over 10 minutes to even acknowledge us and another 10 to get us our beers. When we were finally asked for refills, the wrong beers were brought to us. Please dont ask us if we want the same thing when you dont remember what kind if beer we ordered to begin with.I ordered the calzone and got a pizza, when I corrected the bartender, she assured me my CORRECT order was on its way. This time I actually did get a calzone, but it had the one ingredient I could not eat...the dreaded peppers. The bartender got her manager who informed me it was my fault because I wouldn't eat peppers...I kindly explained to her through clenched teeth, that I ordered the sausage and spinach calzone NOT one with peppers. I declined any further offers for corrections and left hungry in fear if a lugee being launched in my food. That was only my meal.My boyfriend ordered fish and chips (at a pizza place, I have no idea why). His one request was for coleslaw as a side, he never got it....even after multiple requests....big surprise. He was also looking forward to the savory vinegar described on the menu that would coat his fries...that was not present either, even after he asked again for it. To the managers credit, she did comp our meals (even though I never got one) and gave us a gift certificate for a future visit.We decided to give it another try tonight and ran into the same issues...slow service, wrong orders and being blamed when the wrong stuff is brought out. I have honestly lost respect for my sister and brother in law for recommending this place and all of the other patrons who frequent this establishment. Shame on you!
4	Okay, still a fan, I do have to say though, the girl at the hostess stand that was (I assume) training probably needed to wear some pants that aren't see thru. I don't doubt that management probably suggested that she wear dark colored pants as she left this afternoon, evening but wow...there wasn't much left to the imagination...it's a family place people!
1	Stay far far away from this place. Lackluster food and staff moves so slowly and are all quite rude. Likely will be out of business when their lease is up.
4	Good pizza and the buffet at lunch pretty cheap, always end up eating too much. Beer selection okay too. Half price pizza tuesday nights.
2	Tuesdays are the best! But this last time the waiter was horrible!!
3	Alright pizza for 10 bucks at lunch. Raspberry iced tea was good and the waiter was sincere.
1	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out because we love pizza. All I can say is that the pizza was about as good as the service. The food really wasn't that great at all, and the wait staff didn't really tend to their guests as they should. We did a lot of waiting around for our waitress and witnessed some really unprofessional behavior while there. We definitely won't be returning.
4	I'm not sure why there seem to be mostly okay reviews for this place. A few days ago we stopped there for the 2nd time while in Champaign, and I thought the pizza was so good the first time that I ordered it again this time. My husband also ordered the same thing! I got an individual size thin crust cheese pizza with extra cheese and it's a great pizza. Hubby got the double mushroom swiss burger again. This thing is huge. My child got the pepperoni rolls and gives them a "9" on a scale of 1-10. The first time we were there our server was Josh, and he was fantastic. I used to be a waitress, so I always appreciate and tip good wait staff. I asked him questions about different things on the menu, and he was able to answer confidently. He refilled our drinks without being asked to. Checked on us multiple times. Just great service. Our waitress the second time wasn't so hot, but we will for sure be eating here again.
3	An alright restaurant - friendly and quick staff in a spacious setting but the food isn't anything special. In this trip I tried 4 different items.Chicago 7 pizza: Good thing about this pizza is that it was loaded with toppings (Green peppers, Italian sausage, red onions,  Pepperoni, mushrooms, etc.) -- but the sauce was a bit too sour and it could have used additional cheese. The crust itself was tasteless and too hard to chew -- not really what you'd find in any of the great Chicago pizza restaurants.Classic wings -- Light and crispy but really lacking in flavor and meat juciness. The dish itself is too dependent on the sauce to have any flavor.Molten chocolate cake -- Not really a lava cake but the fudge was nice and rich and went well with the ice cream.The big cookie -- Wasn't great, wasn't bad -- the oatmeal chocolate chip cookie dough was a bit on the dry side and ice cream is almost mandatory otherwise the dish is too plain.Overall, the prices aren't bad and the portion sizes are good but the execution of the food could be improved.
2	This place touts itself as a beer bar but the selection was substandard for any serious beer aficionado.  I opted instead for an Arnold Palmer.  My BBQ Bacon Cheddar burger was decent but the fries were off.  They tasted like they had been waiting around for awhile.  My buddy liked his thin crust pizza.  I doubt I'll return to this place.  In Champaign-Urbana, there are much better burgers (Farren's) and much better beer bars (Crane Alley, Seven Saints, Radio Maria).  Old Chicago just doesn't cut it.
3	I got what I expected when I went to this restaurant......above average deep dish Chicago style pizza. I really liked the atmosphere of the sports bar/pizza joint. This would be a great place to go to watch the game. All in all the food is good, but slightly overpriced in my opinion.
3	The pizza is always good, but when management allows them to reuse coasters to the point of them being moldy on the table, it makes you wonder how clean the kitchen is.
5	I have to start by saying, I used to work at an Old Chicago in the NW Chicago suburbs a few years ago. The location since changed to a different restaurant per property owners choice, which upset a lot of guests and staff. Now that I'm in Champaign for business over the next 6 weeks, I jumped at the chance to go in for a few of my favorites! Of course, since the last time I had Old Chicago food, the menu has changed... But for the BETTER! I went in thinking I knew exactly what I would order, but I found myself reading the entire menu trying to choose from the new, or sticking with my old favorites. I ended up choosing a favorite, the Chi-Town Trio (formerly, Signature Trio) which consists of small portions of the Italian Nachos, Cheesy Garlic Bread and the Pepperoni Rolls. I also took the Chopped Salad to-go for lunch for the next day. Aside from the menu choices, I had an excellent dining experience. Upon walking in I was greeted by the hostess who honored my request to sit at a comfy booth. I told her I used to work at an OC and she engaged in polite conversation about when and where. Awesome. Then my server Bradley was just so polite and courteous. Dining alone and totally beat from a long day at work as a restaurant manager, it was refreshing to have such great service. He perfectly timed out my dine in order with my take out order and presented my check just as I was about to ask for it. He even anticipated my thoughts and brought me a fresh side of marinara to take home with me for the last Pepperoni Roll and Cheesy Garlic Bread slice I had left. Needless to say, I'll be back over the course of my business trip. I can't wait to try some of the new entrees and snack on my old favorites. Well done, OC-Champaign!
3	Restaurant review:AYCE Chicago style pizza in Champaign, I couldn't pass up the chance to eat the pizza lunch buffet during the weekday. I quickly hopped into my car and jetted to this location for my lunch hour. I was surprised to find that there was plenty of seating in the restaurant. Staff was super friendly and I was off to the races to eat pizza. Now the "Rush Street" pizza bar is 8.49 Monday to Friday 11AM to 1:30 PM. They give you a choice of salad or the two soups (tomato bliss or chicken green chili soup). I was took the tomato bliss, very rich tomato soup. I wish they had some cheese to go with it. I proceeded to gorge on the pizza selection and the calzone. My impression is that they don't have any deep dish pizzas which is unfortunate when you think chicago style pizza the deep dish is the cornerstone. Lots of other pizza selection from meat lover to veggies to hawaian. The calzones were prepared well. The pizza is super hot so let it cool down just a little bit before diving in. Overall the pizza is comparable to other restaurant quality pizza and a bit better than the chains (papa johns and pizza hut). They are not kidding when they tell you that this is for the rush hour lunch crowd. Before I finished my soup, the check was on the table in case I had to pay and run. Service was friendly. Also and FYI you can request pizza for the buffet. So all and all the pizza is relatively good quality, but missing a deep dish would have pushed it over the top. Finally the chocolate chip cookie is a bit too small and just a odd way to end the meal. You get just a small one...Pro: AYCE lunch pizza buffet, better than papa john or pizza hut, super fast serviceCons: No deep dish pizza, if it is not busy you may have a very limited selection. There was 4 pizza types and the calzones and breadsticksHidden gem:AYCE Lunch pizza buffet. For the pizza lovers
2	Seriously lacking as a beer bar.  Go downtown Champaign to the Blind Pig, Piglet, or several other places.  Crane Ally or Black Dog in Urbana.  Seriously lacking as a pizza spot as well.  Go to Papa Del's for Chicago pizza.  The rest of the menu is typical for any chain.  Which has that sterile and boring chain vibe that makes me want to shoot myself.  Ugh, two stars cause they try to have a decent beer list, and a cheep lunch buffet that is slightly better than Cicis.
3	This place is your average 'ole diner. Nothing too amazing and nothing too horrible. They seem to focus on their pizza selection, but I had a club sandwich which was pretty good. I also even tried their big cookie dessert which was alright as well. Service was quite amiable but nothing stands out about this place in the very end.
