5	Bear's Best is one of the finest courses that I've had the privilege to hack away at.  Service level was top notch and our caddy was hilarious.  This course is comprised of 18 signature holes from various Jack Nicklaus (The Bear) designed golf courses.  I liked how a few of the holes taken from his Hawaii courses had the black lava sand bunkers.  Cool!  Weekend green fees are a bit spendy, but well worth it in my opinion.  Considering it's 4-5 hours of entertainment in Las Vegas, I could get nailed for that much or more easily by a crafty blackjack dealer.  =P
5	Open to the public for all to use. The course itself is alright, but the location near Red Rock makes up for this. Still, there are better places in the city, especially towards the southwest and Henderson.
4	Interesting layout, some fun and challenging holes, great facility/staff, but be careful of over-seeding times.
4	Our regular group played here yesterday.  Probably about the 10th time playing the course, and as always it was in good condition.  We'd play here more often.... but they only let casino employees book tee times 24hrs in advance.... so that means it's tough for us to get an early tee time.  We payed $50, which is totally worth it for this course.  They do a good job with the tee times here, and don't overbook the course.  I can't ever remember having a really slow round here.  The course layout is great.... I'd say it's a bit challenging... but not overly so by any means.   The greens in particular were in great shape yesterday.
5	What can I say....I love this course!  It is a collection of 18 of Jack Nicklaus' favorite holes that he's designed.  I've played on several of the original golf courses that he used to recreate the holes here and I can tell you that they are spot on!  Besides the fact that you can see the Las Vegas Strip from the golf course, you feel like you are playing on the original hole!The course is tucked away in one of Las Vegas' most exclusive communities, The Ridges.  It is always kept in spectacular shape and the staff who work here are friendly.  I like how you hit off of grass in the driving range which gives you better feel during practice.During the recession there are tons of deals to be had here and and green fees are affordable.Will I return?  No question about it!
4	Our friends got married here a couple years ago, at this gorgeously green and lush golf course located not too far away from the 215 & Grand Canyon/Flamingo exit (ok, I lied, maybe a couple more miles away). Beautiful grounds. It was an outside wedding in May so the weather was nice. The grass was a little moist from watering though, so my heels sunk in a little walking to the archway decorated in ribbon. A temporary floor was laid down with white chairs. It was a nice ceremony. The couple disappeared to take more pictures- such scenic backdrops. (My husband was in the wedding party, so we had to get there early, for pre-wedding pictures but someone was late- don't remember who it was, though.)I remember being at a small room (lounge with bar) before the hall opened up for all of the guests. I remember seeing golfers walk in and out of the room. The hall was very nice- decorated in the couple's colors- brown and pink. The table with the signature memento (we all signed them), had jars complete with scoops, holding gummi bears, and assorted candy- with ribbon adorned paper sacks to fill- that was fun.The food was excellent. The fish was probably the best dish that night. The mix of cheeses with crackers and olives was a nice touch. The bartender was heavy handed and the mixed drinks were really strong! Many of the people I talked to about the drinks could not finish them- plus my husband got drunk real fast BTW. The DJ was fun- had a good mix of music, salsa for the Chilean half and pop/r&b for the other half (multi-ethnic union). Since there were lots of people from my husband's work, and I knew the families of both parties, I knew many of the guests. We were one of the last couples to leave the hall. It was a nice wedding, all in all. (I was happy to be dancing almost all night.)  Last note: the ladies room had lockers to accommodate the wedding party- nice detail.
5	Finally got a chance to play Bears best Las Vegas last month. What a treat. I can't believe it took me so long to finally play this amazing course. Went down on a 2 day golf trip. This was the first course we played, Wolf Creek in Mesquite was the second day. Bears Best was everything I expected based on the various reviews. Challenging but also forgiving fairways for mid-handicap golfers. It is always hard to score well the first time you play a new course but I did pretty decent. The highlight was an eagle on hole 11 which is a 350 yard par 4. Our tee time was 1:30 so it started getting dark on the 18th hole but we were able to complete it.I love how close this course is to the strip, only 15 min away.I definitely recommend this golf course if you are heading to Las Vegas.
4	Very friendly staff. Loved the course. Played it twice on quick getaway from Minnesota. Nice lunch before golf. Easy course to like. Number 8 is amazing.
5	Played back to back days this weekend. The course is great but the weather was horrible Cold, rain, wind. Every hole has character. The black sand was a first for me. It kind of trips you out at first.If your in Vegas, you wont regret playing here.
5	Probably my favorite golf course here in Vegas, I play it twice a month at least.  It's always challenging, and while it might take you near to 5 hours to play sometimes, it's so gorgeous out there that I don't mind.  Some of the fastest greens I've played on too.
4	Great service and course was is in good shape.  I was very pleased with the level of service from Proshop to grounds crew to food and beverage. Tees and fairways were in fantastic shape, greens are good shape for this time of year ( ran a little slow maybe 8-9...would like to see closer to 10. Course would be good for kids....accomplished junior players only)
2	The course was really not that great compared to other courses in the Las Vegas area.  I don't know why it's rated so high.My biggest complaint are the bunkers.  The greenside bunkers are like concrete. They even have small pebbles and rocks in them.  I seriously thought that they had taken all the sand out because what was in there was like damp heavy concrete.Also there are a lot of dry brown patches in the fairways and greens.
4	Review for restaurant only:In my quest to try different spots for breakfast, I've started hitting local golf clubs that are open to the public.  Bear's Best is only about 2 miles from where I live, so this was a no brainer for breakfast before going to the Great Las Vegas Santa Run 2011.I'd give this restaurant 3 stars, but a few things tipped the balance to 4.  The menu is small--5 items.  I ordered the breakfast burrito, a nice sized burrito with scrambled eggs, ham, peppers, and home fries.  It was served with fire roasted salsa that was tasty but mild.  They did have tabasco on the table, but that's not for me for a burrito.The food was very hot, the service was very, very prompt, and the server was just a delight.  She had a pleasant attitude. I chuckled with her when the guy before me walked away with his coffee with shot of Bailey's Irish Cream and brandy.  The wind and cold wasn't going to bother this guy!I'll come back for lunch sometime when it's warm and I can enjoy the food and the view of Blue Diamond Hill from the patio.  Damn, I just wish they'd let me ride the cart path on my bike.  It's not too big of a thing to ask!  :-)
1	I want to start by saying the golf course is a 4 star rating, and the restaurant staff was very friendly. The service failure by Tom in the pro shop was to much for me to overlook however. As I walked into the pro shop, Tom was dealing with a customer that was complaining about being overcharged on his credit card for a belt he had purchased the week prior. At the time, Bear's Best was running a special for $59 which included a free drink and a coupon for a play at the $59 rate in January 2012. I paid him for my round with three twenty dollar bills. He gave me my receipt and I asked him for my dollar change. He began getting defensive and told me he thought he already gave it to me. I told him, no he didn't - so he begrudgingly gave me a dollar. I went out to my golf partner and told him of the bizarre behavior I had just witnessed. My partner then asked me if I had received my free drink card and replay certificate. I said no I hadn't and headed back into the pro shop. When I politely asked for the free drink card and replay certificate, he said he had already given me one. I told him he hadn't and he became really belligerent towards me. I was really shocked. I did note the security cameras in the shop and asked him to go check his security footage. Tom then stated he didn't have access to the footage, but he would "give me another one". I was getting upset at this point, and I pointed out to him, he wasn't "giving me another one" but rather the one he failed to give me the first time. I then told him he could read about my encounter with him on Yelp. Tom stated he had no idea what I was talking about. Unless you are getting a great deal you can't pass up to play Bear's Best, I would suggest going to Siena Golf Club or Arroyo Golf Club right next door, or Angel Park a few miles away.
5	Fantastic course situated in the Summerlin area of Las Vegas. My buddy and I decided to head out for a mid afternoon round. Excellent experience. Keeping in mind we played in the dead of summer, we were treated like kings and felt as though we were the only ones on the course (which wasn't far from the truth). The greens had been recently punched, however, the quality of the course otherwise was wonderful. Perhaps the best part of the outing was the staff; friendly, knowledgeable and my goodness does their bartender know how to make a Bloody Mary!This is my favorite course in Vegas, a real treat for golfers of all handicaps. A major plus for the higher handicappers is the lack of houses that can be hit by errant driver shots.This place is a must try...I can't wait to go back.
5	Got here early am on August 5.  Cart guys greeted us and took our clubs immediately.  Everyone gave us friendly, first class treatment. Course was in very good condition and it was a sub-4hour round.  Carts display the distances to front and back of each trap or hazard, as well as distances to each part of the green. This information was also in the pocket-sized, color booklet containing pics and details of each hole.  Finally, on the cart display you can punch up a video with Jack telling you how to play the hole.  Narrow fairways but a great golf experience.
3	For my 100th Yelp review, I have chosen a place that features one of my favorite things to do in life-play golf.  I was really looking forward to this round, having seen a number of excellent reviews.  Yes, it's in the middle of summer and scorching in Vegas, but I figured I could keep hydrated and tough it out.  Plus, the deal on GolfNow was great.  So I get to the pro shop and Jose, who was simply awesome for letting my wife ride along complimentary, tells us that the course is shutting down in two days for two weeks because of re-seeding-thus the discount on GolfNow. Anyway, the course is situated in the most beautiful part of the Las Vegas area, near Red Rock. We get out to the first tee and you can see that the fairways are dried out and grated in preparation for the re-seeding.  I figured, no biggie, golf is golf.  So we played if a ball landed in a spot that was chewed up due to maintenance, we could move it.  Yes, it is a tough course, lots of hazards.  Very nice, typical desert course. LOTS of sand traps, especially protecting a lot of the greens.  Not the best desert course I have ever seen, but nice.  The best thing, to me, was the personal instruction on each hole from Jack on the GPS.  Absolutely great idea and something I had never seen before. My big negative was that there were so many holes he used from the same courses throughout this course. For example, he used holes from Desert Highlands in Arizona a number of times. I actually anticipated 18 absolutely different holes and maybe to someone who is into golf architecture could see that, but I didn't see it that way.  Yes, there were some very distinct holes here, but not enough.  Can't remember which hole it was, but there was a split fairway on one that was similar to one at PGA West.  Great setup.  But just not enough of those.Greens were okay, not too difficult yet not easy whatsoever. However, not enough people are repairing their divots.  Is this because they know the course is closing for maintenance?  Lazy bums.Most amateurs like me should play this course from no longer than the blues, it is more than 7,000 from the gold.  But from Jose in the pro shop, which is small but nice, to Edwin, who was so nice and respectful and helpful, everyone we met was terrific and treated us very well.  And thanks to truck driver Tom of North Carolina for the awesome company and great round of golf. Be safe out there.I would give this 4 stars if not for the condition of the course. I am absolutely willing to give this course another shot, but I think I will wait until the fairways are green again.  Like in the spring.
4	OK; let me begin by saying this not a golf review, so you golfers can stop reading -- just joking.  I want to share my observations about their wedding services and catering.  I was invited to my niece's wedding held here.  I was pleasantly surprised by everything.  I was told by my brother (the bride's father) that this wedding event was a package deal that was purchased from Bear's Best, but since he was lucky enough not to have to pay for it, he did not know how much it costs.  I don't know too -- but I would guess that while the prices might not be too outrageous, it can't be cheap too, since everything was pretty outstanding.The wedding ceremony was held on the grass with folding chair seating for the guests.  Nothing special, but nice.  And they provided the music and the Chaplin and everything.Then we had a one hour cocktail hour with open bar (beer, wine, liquor, cocktails) and a little bit of appetizers --- fruits, crudites, nuts, chips, cheese and crackers.  Just perfect with cocktails and not too heavy with the dinner coming.Then dinner was served buffet style -- mixed field greens and berries with a vinaigrette dressing, roasted red potatoes, sauteed mixed veggies, Chibbata rolls, Chicken Piccata, and prime rib roast beef.....I had two slices of rare prime rib and it was good.  The food was surprising good for catered event with a big crowd.  The rolls were hot and good; the veggies warm and not overdone; the beef was cooked perfectly, etc. etc.  And most importantly, it all tasted good and not blah or mundane.Dessert was wedding cake and gourmet cup cakes.  And they had a "favors" table with chocolate dipped strawberries, gourmet chocolate pops, and red velvet cake pops dipped in a sugar glaze that hardened with the red velvet pop inside.  And I think Bear's Best  provided everything, even the music for dancing and the DJ.  I think they also provided the photographer.  Service was great and the coordinator stays with the party from the very beginning until the last guest goes home.So all-in-all, I think this place is pretty darn good.
4	Played a round with @Platinum_Tees here today!  Higher elevation course then others in Vegas & rentals are Taylormade.
2	I paid 180 dollars as a visitor. The course is not worth that money at all. The greens were not in good shape and there was a lot of brown grass around the fairways. I have to say the staff was super friendly and helpfulThere are much better courses for less money in las vegas
5	Played this course last saturday, such an amazing layout. and was in fantastic condition. Super friendly staff and will make sure to come back. The weather was less than perfect but the scenery was spectacular and the drinks at the bar were amazing.
4	THIS IS NOT A REVIEW OF THE ACTUAL GOLF EXPERIENCE:We're still not sure if we're going to have our wedding here or somewhere else, but if it were just a matter of confidence in a wedding coordinator/event planner, Gordon is your guy. Out of all the places we've been to, he has by far been the most organized, helpful, understanding of economic issues, on top of things, etc. To put it simply, he has his ish together.
5	We played this course 5/11/2013 and it was great! Sweltering hot with not much of a breeze but the beverage cart girl made plenty of rounds! The staff at the clubhouse was great and the cooks at the outside grill made some delicious sandwiches. Also, the young guys taking care of the carts & clubs are very helpful. It's not too often you're met at your car within seconds and have everything carried out for you to the cart.Jack Nicklaus picked his favorite 18 holes and that's how this course got it's design. Some of the holes can be quite challenging but the fairways are generally very wide so they can be forgiving. The houses that are on the course are very nice & architecturally intriguing to look at.  The carts all have GPS, which is nice because the yardage didn't always measure up. Since the course's elevation is a bit higher, the ball travels quite a ways and then rolled well on the firm fairways, which made it play shorter than the scorecard. Stay clear of the sandtrap on #18 -- it is unforgiving. Play safe and keep left! Ended the evening with a drink outside on the patio, as we watched a bride walk down the aisle in a sunset ceremony. Will definitely be back!
4	Great driving range chipping area could be expanded. Putting green very good. Course was tough. Play it only u hit straight. I hit quite a few from the desert.
4	Nice vegas course with a tricky lay out.  We got out at 6:30 on a Saturday and it was wide open.  The Vegas heat obviously keeps the locals off the course.  I did spend a lot of time in the sand and/or desert waste areas.  Also lots of beautiful homes and views from the course.  My only complaint was the rental clubs.  They were a bit pricy and quite beat up.  Wish I could blame my score on them, but that was probably not related.  Just expected a course of this quality to put you on some nice sticks.
1	This place is packed and the rounds take over 5 1/2 hours.  They do a good job of marketing, too good.  So that all the hackers and everyone under the sun show up.  I have no problems with hacking since we've all been there.  I do have a problem with no marshal regulating play, the starter not effectively staggering tee offs and people so drunk they can't even stand on their own two feet.  Consider this place a really pristine muni course, actually you're probably better off at a muni courseThis was a weekday, I heard weekends are a joke
3	pros...if you are serious about golf, then this is the place to go.  not too sure about the actual course or even the driving range.  as i was not properly dressed for the occasion with my black short and a tee-shirt.  apparently they do not let you even get on the driving range unless you are dressed in appropriate golfing attire.  i guess this is what you get when you are out in summerlin.  cons...would have been nice of the two golf cart guys in the front to let me and my buddy know that i was not dressed appropriately while we were still in the front.  but they said nothing and let us walk all the way to the proshop.   i have been to plenty of golf courses and driving ranges where what i was wearing was good enough. but i guess here we would need at least a polo shirt to even use the driving range.  no biggie there was another driving range in henderson which didn't take offense to my attire, and we had a perfectly good time there hitting some balls.  but next time i'll know what not to wear.
2	I just arrived.  The cart crew was very friendly and took my clubs and answered any questions that I had.  I then proceeded into the pro shop and met Tom.  Right off the bat he could see that I did not owe anything because I paid it online at a pretty good discount. The way he spoke to me and treated me was very unprofessional.  I indicated that I've heard of him by the reviews on yelp which were not and his favor to say the least.  Tom's comments back to me were I don't read those reviews and I don't care about those reviews.  I then told him if someone is going to take time to write a review whether it be good or bad, I feel it comes from the heart. He said again that he doesn't care. I am giving it 2 stars and I have not even played yet.
3	eh. I'm not sure on this.... 2.5 stars.A week ago, we ran into Bear's Best at a bridal show. We were informed that they would be having an open house today. Excited to check out the property, we were happy to attend this afternoon.We arrived to  a small set up, with DJ, cakes, travel, stationary, etc.Of course, there was a raffle, that I didn't win anything in, but okay.The property was set up beautifully with an arch and floral swag by their "pond".They also have a cocktail/patio/lounge area complete with stones and fireplaces.The food was okay....Yeah, just okay.It was served buffet style, not passed h'orderves. So, this formed a line, with sassy, hungry people waiting for their freebies. Trying to not step on any toes, we tried to keep our distance....LOL.There were two skewer options, beef and chicken. My mom and I both opted for the chicken, it had a Teriyaki flavor to it. We both had some trouble getting it off the stick. The potstickers where kind of dry, I passed on the fried mac and cheese, and got a few pieces of fruit.The tables were set up, in different decorated ideas (linens, floral, etc) but the majority of them had signs telling us to look, and admire them, but not to sit at them. Another thing that is kind of difficult when you don't have any standing cocktail tables.There were complementary champagne, (I passed) and water and iced tea.The vendors I have seen before, but I was interested in the stationary, and the cake.The cake, meh, I've had better. The two ladies that were there, were not that helpful. This confused me, because one of them had a baking/chef coat on. My mom has quite a few food allergies, and one of them is corn/corn syrup. Both of the ladies had to stop and think what could and not have corn in them. How can you pass out samples, not knowing what was in them....?I guess for a $12,000 package, a little over $14,000 with fees, I was expecting a little bit more for me to book my date.My search is still going................................................
2	My husband and I played a 5:10 round here last week.  No marshall showed up despite pressing the call button on the cart for a marshall.  We saw 3 different groups abandon their round and drive by us.  We were one of three groups on several holes.  One on the tee box, one in the fairway and one on the green. By the last couple of holes there was more than one group waiting on the tee boxes.  Why was this going on?  There was a fivesome ahead of us.  When we came in, I gave the man at the desk the benefit of the doubt and asked him if the group was sent out as a five or if they teamed up during their round.  Nope, he sent them out as a five!!!  The course is well maintained and challenging, but all the high-end courses in Vegas are.  I'll make it a point to play at the others.
4	I was either really hungry, really tired, or really hungover.  Either way, Bears Best has one of the best breakfast burritos I've ever had!!! And I've had a lot of breakfast burritos here in Socal.  That salsa that comes with the burrito is the bomb!!!  Just wish I would have played as good as that breakfast burrito tasted.
4	Amazing course, views, & homes.Service by clubhouse staff was impeccable.Fairways were being aerated.  Hence i got amazing rate of $62 for 1230pm in April on Golf Now.4 and half hour round on a Weds.That being said, do not think this course is worth the walk up rate of $199 or anything over 100$
3	I was very excited about playing golf here since its firmly entrenched in one of the more exclusive housing areas in Summerlin called The Ridges.  I was here for a fundraiser so we played shotgun.  The golf course is billed as Jack Nicklaus' best holes in one round.  I can definitely see the potential but this time around, I don't think the potential was actualized.  Granted it was over 100 degrees but the course was very dry and the greens spotty.  It was definitely punched recently but wasn't healing as well as it should.Checked out the club house to see if there's anything to purchase but the guy working at the counter looked right at me then looked away.  I do not expect to be pampered but a hello would be nice.  Needless to say, I didn't buy anything.Again, every hole has the potential to be phenomenal with great views of all the beautiful homes as well as views of he strip on a couple of holes.  Unfortunately, I think I caught it during a bad stretch.  I will be back and re-review if I find the experience to be different.
4	This is about wedding reception not golf.   Gordon Parker is a pro and Ed Ramos's calmness demeanor really put us at ease.  The Red Rock in the background provides the million dollar backdrop.     I want to share that sooo many guests gushed about the delicious food.   Salmon, Beef,  Brocolli and Salad were better than the 5 star restaurant.    I strongly recommend this venue for wedding.
3	GREAT GOLF COURSE but HORRIBLE SERVICE.  I very much enjoyed playing this golf course and can see so much potential with this golf club.  However, the level of service is almost a crime considering the beauty of this course.  It took over an hour for them to find a set of rental clubs for me and apparently don't have enough golf carts because we had to wait for someone to come in on 18 before we got one.  One of our carts also broke down in the middle of the course.  The greeting you get in the pro-shop is also less than friendly.  When you're asking people to pay well over $200 you need to do better than this. I'm writing this review not to discourage people from going, but hoping that someone from management reads this review and wakes up.  It could have so much potential if properly managed.
5	We met Gordon at the Bridal Spectacular show and were impressed by him. After going to the open house, we knew this was the place. The views are beautiful and made for wonderful wedding pictures. Their wedding package is truly all inclusive and they do an amazing job. We also met with Christine Sanchez and Ed Ramos during the planning. They both did a great job meeting with us, letting us taste the food we were going to choose on our menu. We were blown away by the service. The whole team from planners, servers, bartenders, and chefs did an incredible job! The guests are still talking about how delicious the food was! Special Kudos to Ed Ramos who really went above and beyond taking care of everything. We really appreciated him. We would highly recommend Bear's Best as a wedding venue.
4	Really nice course with unbelievable homes all throughout the course! Driving range looked pretty fried but all in all was a good experience. Pro shop guys were very friendly and helpful and made my first experience a great one. Will definitely be going back. If you call to book a tee time I highly suggest you ask for James (nicest guy ever). Great price for locals! I got on for $59 at 12:30 in late November as a local. Great deal!
4	Played this course on a bad weather day, I'll come back for sure.  Tough greens, more people need to repair ball marks, definitely have to think about putts & commit to a line, good luck!  Great fairways, awesome facility, gps with narration by Jack if you want, homes on course are amazing.  Would recommend if in Vegas.
