1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! This franchise will hire anyone with a barbers license, regardless if they graduated in the 80's and suck at cutting hair. I'm ashamed to admit it, but I've gone there for the last 15 Haircuts and about 13 of them have been terrible. I kept giving them the benefit saying to myself "next time it will be better", but time and time again I pay $20+Tip for a shit haircut. Today was the last time, I went to my interview looking like my brother in laws nephew cut my hair. At one point this last time the bimbo said "too late" when I wanted it SHORTER. . . . Dont be fooled by the bold Red & White Logo, and Big TV's playing ESPN 24/7 - Its the haircut you are after. . .  Good Riddance!
3	My fella was in desperate need of a haircut before our trip and I convinced him to try Sport Clips for the first time. He was reluctant since he's pretty finicky about his hair, but we were in a rush. I went with him and waited while he got his hair cut. The place is pretty well-maintained. It's nothing fancy, but they had a lot of business for a Saturday afternoon. He was extremely happy with his hair cut. I thought it wasn't the best he's ever had, but he looked good and he was happy from all the pampering he got and their famous hot towel treatment won him over. Also, as someone who likes regular grooming, he was excited that they offered a free touch up a week after his cut. He said he'd definitely be back, and I'm happy to go along with him and read a magazine while I wait.
4	I enjoyed my visit to Sport Clips and I'll definitely be back again. I had never been before but have heard about their hot towel treatment so decided to check them out. The haircut was standard, but I really liked the hot towel treatment. They also offer free cleanups a week after. I will be going to Sport Clips more often now.
1	I called and they said.they had zero people waiting... I.show up 5 minutes later and there are 9... Not only do they not take appointments but they lie about the wait time to get you in... The haircuts are mediocre at best and after 3 years of putting up with their crap I'm done. The people are not even friendly I only came here so I could get my sports news while some slut massages my head... Save yourself the time and frustration and go.somewhere else...
4	Typically I go to Super Cuts, but I decided to give this place a try after reading some online reviews from their twitter account.I had a great experience at SC. While I'm not one of those fussy guys that has to have perfect hair, I can tell the difference between a good and poor cut. I was pleasantly surprised at the results and enjoyed the experience. I will definately be back.Benefits: Well maintained store, ESPN to watch while you get a cut, MVP option cut is worth every penny. Good bye SuperCuts!
5	Excellent!
4	Depending who you get determines the type, speed, chattiness and overall quality of your haircut.  As this is the go to shop for men's style cuts (sorry supercuts) if you don't mind the wait you will most likely walk out happy. Wendy is very good and has always been consistent. I come here every two weeks and will walk out upon entry if certain "follicle cutting specialists" are not there.
4	This is a great place to get your haircut. I highly suggest the double MVP while high, you'll melt into your chair. Anyways I only gave them 4 stars because they have a fathead of Peyton Manning when he played for the colts. If they would update that they would earn my 5th star. Tiffany was my stylist.
5	Even though there is always a wait, the staff is worth the wait.  Probably one of the best place for guys to get their hair cut.
5	I used to go to Sports Clips in OC before I moved to Las Vegas and loved it. I tried a few other places since the move but none thrilled me enough to give them second chances until I found this place. I've been to this Sports Clips location several times now and my experiences there have been fantastic. I (stupidly) cheated on my girl Wendy when a couple friends of mine recommended a barber shop they go to. I tried this barber and it was my worst hair mistake in ten years. As soon as my hair grew long enough to fix, I returned to Wendy at Sports Clips. We laughed about my horror story and she joked that that's why you don't cheat! She's a hair magician. We've done a few different looks on me but every one of them has looked like a million dollars.I always recommend this location to everyone in need of a great, inexpensive cut. Besides getting a slick haircut at an affordable price tho, a HUGE reason I return here is the customer service. Everyone is professional, friendly, clean, and eager to please. I LIVE on quality guest service (even tho I personally think I'm too forgiving of business' shortcomings), but this location truly delivers QUALITY service. And if you disagree, you must be an idiot. :*Definitely returning, NOT ever cheating on Wendy or Sports Clips again, and still referring people to THIS location. :)))
5	Waited for my fiance while he gets his hair cut! It looked awesome btw! The girl did a pretty good job! But, this place is super cool! I love their sports theme decor! Their tv is huge and waiting area is cool too!
1	My husband got a haircut this morning from the assistant manager. She completely missed the side of his hair. He didn't notice when it was wet but came home and noticed. How do you miss the side of a mens haircut??
