5	They are awesome! My fiance and his dad have been going here for years and they know how to take care of their customers. If give it to you straight and don't BS. Take your car here if you don't want to get ripped off!
5	I have had two trips to Lindsay's Auto and both have been great.  I felt completely comfortable with the level of service. I know they are honest and do a great job.  Recently I took my husbands truck in to have it looked at and evaluated, and I was told exactly what was a priority and what was not.  They are simply easy to deal with, straightforward and honest, you can't ask for any more with a Auto shop.
5	Honest, reliable and fixed right the first time.  I trust Sean to keep my trucks safe and reliable for my family.  I had a similiar experience with my breaks.  I brought in the truck expecting to replace all 4.  I was pleasently surprised to learn all they needed was a cleaning and adjustment.  THANKS AGAIN !!!!
5	Shawn and his crew are great, have always taken care of me and do not push anything on you that is not necessary.  As a female who takes care of all the repairs on her car, I know that they are upfront and honest as to what needs to be done.They are all so nice and very helpful.  You just can't beat their service
1	I had been going to them for years, but stopped a few years back feeling they lacked the attention to detail they once had. This feeling was confirmed recently when issues started presenting themselves. I've discovered incorrect parts (wrong size fuel filter, etc.) were installed...and the freeze plug they left in my engine! A few years back I had them replace some freeze plugs that were leaking. Well, they didn't tell me one popped into my engine and they did not try to retrieve it! A month ago the plug worked its way into my pump. Engine smoked, seized, and shredded my s-belt. Luckily it happened on a side street where I could immediately pull over, turn off the car, and have AAA tow to their shop. AAA discovered the issue, pulled the mangled plug out of my pump. Repair job costing me a few hundred dollars. I say lucky, because it could have been far worse, like the car is on the highway moving to another state and/or I completely lose the engine. I would be leery of their work. Especially with a safety concern. The attention to detail they once had, is and has been gone for some time now. Your better off doing the work yourself or taking it to AAA. The local AAA shop on E. Valley Auto Drive has been great these past few years, saved my car, talk the issue out with me, show me the parts they removed, etc.. They are worth every penny!
5	It's hard to find a reliable mechanic that isn't going to gouge you on price, I have taken 2 vehicles there and have left with more money in my pocket then expected.What is even better my A/C went out brought my car in and picked it up same day.Shawn & his crew are keeping up the same standard that his father did when he ran the shop.
