1	In general I prefer credit unions to banks.  I've moved all my money out of banks into credit unions.  This credit union is the exception.  In short, they stole $10 from me.The long story is, last year I set up a checking account for our family trust.  In the process I was forced to create 2 savings accounts with token amounts of $5 each.  I was told this was a requirement of credit unions.  What I wasn't told was that come this year and the $5 was still there, they confiscated it from both accounts because of "lack of activity in the account". Even though I had nearly 6 figures in the checking account.I was not told this when I set this up and I feel I have been robbed!BEWARE OF THIS PLACE.
1	Upon moving to Arizona I had been using Frist Credit Union to do my banking because they offer shared banking with my credit union in Nebraska.  The process was easy to just go in and deposit money into my Nebraska account.  After awhile I decided I should open an account here in Arizona.  I went in and opened my account and everything was good for a short time.  I would bring in my checks and be able to have my funds available right away.  One Friday I brought my paycheck in and they said they had to verify my employment in order to put the check in my account.  Weird since they did that the first day I opened my account and weird since they had already cashed a couple of my paychecks.  Also, the company I work for is a huge company and has been in business since 1974.  So they called my work, verified my employment, deposited the check and the funds were available.  Next payday I go in and the same thing happens, they say they have to verify my employment...I am a little over it at this point.  They call and do their thing and deposit the check.  Next payday, same thing.  At this point I am getting upset because there is no reason to keep having to verify my employment.  I have worked there for 7 years!  I ask about this and tell them I am getting upset by this and the acted as though they really didn't care.  I needed my money so she calls, verifys my employment and comes back tells me there will  be a 10 day hold on my check. Seriously???  They have been cashing my checks since day 1 with no problems.  I put up a fuss and she tells me she will cut it down to a 4 day hold.  What???  So she can just make her own rules???  I told her to forget it and deposit it in my shared account in Nebraska.  She got really rude with me and told me they would put a hold on it also.  I looked her in the eye and told her to do it and I assured her they would never put a hold on any deposit in my account.    She deposited the money and guess what??? The money was immediatly available.  I told her to close my account because I was so pissed off.  She then told me I would be charged $35 to close it!!!  What???  She said it was stated in the paperwork I got when I opened my account... I looked through it all and I have nothing that states this.  To sum this up, DO NOT GIVE THIS CREDIT UNION YOUR MONEY!  They seem to have forgotten that they need our money, we don't need them.  There are a lot of  banks out there that are happy to have your money.
1	I encourage active duty military and families of active duty military to think twice before doing business with first credit union. We move around often and sometimes even important documents can get misplaced. We used our account as savings while my husband was deployed last year and we have since moved out of state.  Unfortunately,  I do not have access to my account number.  Even though I have called with all of my information,  Even standing in a shared branch location with my social and id,  I cannot access any of our savings.  Sadly,  this really puts a damper on our Christmas shopping for our 2 children while my husband is home to enjoy with us! I'm thankful that we're living at camp Pendleton, ca and Phoenix is only an 8 hour drive.  The thought of having to travel to Phoenix to deal with this business and inconvenience our family during the holidays/my husband's only leave is despicable.  While I was at the shared branch location in Oceanside, the teller told me first credit union has no reason to withhold my account number.  I couldn't imagine being stationed any further and having to visit Phoenix just to withdraw money.  We will be visiting shortly and closing our account!
