3	So there are 2 restaurants inside of the large Venetian-Palazzo Canyon Ranch complex. The cafe is on the Venetian side, and the Grill is on the Palazzo side. I have only been to the grill so maybe someone that has been to both can do a nice comparison for us ! (I have heard the Cafe is better, btw).I had:* the pineapple smoothie (great, but honestly how hard is it to make a bad smoothie!)* the baked mozzerella - eh not so good. It was globby cheese sitting on a plate with breading just crumbled on top in a sea of not so good tomato sauce... oh and it was TINY.* Chicken satay - again hard to screw up!* this place does serve booze (they can bring it to you while you're getting a mani/pedi), although I didn't try any of their organic wines and whatnot myself. I loved how everything had a calorie count next to it! So great when you're trying to eat healthy. Unfortunately none of my dining companions were that happy with their meals (spaghetti, tuna melt).. everything was just so-so. I realize this is health food, but I do think health food can taste better than this. *Next time I'll try the cafe and let you guys know how it goes!
4	Lounging at the pool, being lazy, we walk up to the take out counter at the restaurant that faces the Palazzo pool and realize the food there is limited and very expensive. We walk indoors, looking for a better option and wonder if Canyon Ranch would make our order to-go. They were able to accommodate our request, were very friendly and let us order anything on the menu which gave us a more extensive variety of food to eat by the pool. I ordered the arugula salad, and asked for grilled chicken which they were happy to include in my salad for an extra charge. The salad itself was so refreshing and tasty, and the chicken was bountiful and delicious. The staff was helpful and friendly, and I returned to the pool to enjoy my last couple of days of sun before returning to the New York Winter-Spring transition.
4	This place is awesome. I spent a week in Vegas and I ate breakfast here almost everyday. The portions were not too big and perfect size for a meal. It's easy to indulge in Vegas but this place keeps the meals well portioned. They have fresh juices and smoothies and you can mix and match all kinds of flavors. I had carrot orange juice one day, grapefruit orange, ginger orange...it was one of my favorite parts of the restaurant. The sweet potato hash is probably my favorite thing on the menu right now. Perfect mix of sweet and the whole grain berry pancakes were very tasty too. Its hard to make whole grain taste good but they seem to know the trick. The shrimp quesadillas were delicious. Probably one of the best quesadillas I've ever had and they used whole wheat tortilla! The only meal I was not a fan of was their fritatta. It was a little dry. The service is pretty good and they have managed to make healthy food that tastes good. Its a nice change from all the expensive meals and buffets. We were never bored of the menu and will be back again! I would have given this restaurant 5 stars but they took the sweet potato waffles off the menu and I absolutely loved them. Please bring them back!!!
5	If you eat healthy, eat here!!Went for lunch and went again for breakfast!Very accommodating and have the nutritional facts on menu! Love that. Makes you think twice, haha.For lunch, had the crab cakes and salad. Perfect portion and yummy. You don't want to get too full before you get in your bikini at the pool, right?! Also had a shake with coconut and banana. YUM! Our waiter even served us all the extra! +1.Breakfast, get the omelet. They even have goat cheese! YES! The French Toast with pineapple and banana was great too. And for the toast, you can request raisin bread. So fresh. The fruit salad was the best, has berries, pineapple, apples with a honey or something on it.I LOVED this place.
2	I wanted this to be better, but it wasn't. I was looking forward to a healthy meal before I left, but I didn't want a dry, bland food. Service was also terrible. The waiter came and gave us our menus and disappeared for 20 minutes. We had to ask for our waiter twice, and tried to get a bus boy to help us. Also, they had really small glasses, so after 3 days in 100+ Vegas weather, water went fast. I eventually asked them to leave us 2 pitchers. When the waiter finally, came back he was fine, but had a hard time getting back into our good graces.  I ordered the hummus and babaganoj and the shrimp and goat cheese qusadilla. Sounds good? Not so much. The hummus was dry. It had the consistency of peanut butter after you put it in the fridge. It needed another teaspoon of oil. I know they're trying to be healthy, but another teaspoon of olive oil won't break your diet. The babaganoj was boring and bland. I couldn't even taste it. I knew I was eating something, but it tasted like nothing. Could have bought a better tub at the store for $1.59 instead of paying $7 for dry/tasteless food. The shrimp and goat cheese quesadilla....I think I could make it better. There was so little goat cheese, that I forgot there was goat cheese in it till someone mentioned it. The shrimp (which were sustaniably farmed) were small and seemed previously frozen, and the kind you find in crappy shrimp cocktail. There was a 1" ring around the edge of my tortilla where there was no goat cheese, and barely a tablespoon of goat cheese to cover the tortilla. Not worth $14.Really, you're better off going somewhere else to eat a salad or fruit. My total bill was $28 and left barely fuller then when I got there.
5	YUM YUM YUM!!! great food, great service (also very quick) and the best thing you're eating all organic and very healthy. most people wouldn't order a meal if they knew the calories and fat of the meal, but here they tell you and everything is under 500 calories! and it's good!!! don't get me wrong i loveeee my fried food, but this place is awesome! and it's a good deal :)
4	A healthy breakfast in Vegas.  I had an order of the multigrain cereal with skim milk for starters.  I also ordered a breakfast wrap with organic eggs and vegetables.  The wrap came cut in half with some salsa, ketchup and fresh fruit.  It was a whole wheat tortilla.  A good start to the day.
3	Great Health Food option after gorging yourself on the excess of Las Vegas. Located right outside the gym/spa in the Palazzo this restaurant offers healthy spins on breakfast options so you don't need to feel guilty in the city of sin!I ordered the Sonoran Scramble (Scrambled Eggs with tomato, corn, chili chorizo, onion, garlic, avocado, cilantro, tortilla strips and cheddar. The portion was very controlled but super filling and kept me running through the beginning of my day. One disappointment was when we ordered the Pomgranate juice - we expected everything to be "fresh" and they brought out glasses with ice and a store purchased bottle of juice. This took a little of the "fresh" angle from our view...but overall a great healthy option.
4	Healthy eating can be difficult in Vegas but this place makes it good.One thing I noticed right away from the menu is that they list the calories, fat, and fiber of every item. It totally makes you conscious of what you are going to order. Also a lot of the items on the menu were noted as being organic.I had the chicken potstickers and grilled ahi tuna sandwich. The potstickers came with a red chili sauce. Very good.The grilled ahi tuna sandwich was amazing. The tuna was super thick. It was served open one slice of bread with avocado, red onion, Swiss cheese and tomato. As for the ambiance, the restaurant is pretty small. There are some tables and a bar to sit at too. Decor is upsale, contemporary. Overall a great, filling meal that left me feeling good too.
4	I loved eating here for breakfast when I stayed at the Venetian. Healthy, good prices and great service. The breakfast wrap was my favorite, but the omelets are good as well. Very healthy, great staff, HOT coffee :)Recommended!
4	We wanted to make sure that while we were in Vegas that we didn't blow up by eating a lot of junk. Okay delicious junk, because Vegas has options for about everyone and you can pack on like 5 pounds in a weekend! I found this place through good ol' yelp and the ratings were solid, checked out the menu, again solid.We went on a Saturday around 9:00 AM give or take and were seated right away. It was a little tricky finding the place and we had to ask a security guard who was very helpful.It's a small place which is nice, no drones of the fanny pack army or a relentless flow of douche bags. Vegas has a tendency to bring them out in swarms, I think it's the dry heat.The food was awesome and I'll leave it at that. We liked the fact that we had a calorie count on the items and were able to eat something totally delicious without sacrificing. My wife ordered the cappucino and noted that it was probably the best one she ever had. Powerful!If you want a break from grease and the buffets check this one out!
2	We went to Canyon Grill based on the reviews. I love the Palazzo but I was so disappointed. The number one problem was the noise level in the restaurant. The ceiling is very low and the room is small. We had a group having a business meeting next to us. Honestly I felt that I was apart of the meeting. The space was so tight that our waitress stood behind me to take my order.  I didn't realize that she was there until my husband said something. The food is good, but not great. I would rather go to the Bouchon. Also the restaurant has no windows to the outside for those who care.
5	Healthy and sustainable food in Vegas?! Yes, it is possible. Located inside the Palazzo Hotel on the 3rd floor next to the entrance of the fancy gym. You can sit at the bar area or at a table. I came here several times for breakfast and during the day for a pick me up smoothie. I really enjoyed starting my day with their tasty yogurt & homemade granola ($11), organic coffee and fresh orange juice. The scrambles were yummy too! Service is great and food is delicious! Definitely will be back.
4	4 stars because they sat myself and a friend when they were closing - only to then have to seat a party of 6+ people. But very accommodating and way cheaper than eating the food at the grill near the pool. I ordered a simple Caesar salad with salmon - I can't remember what my friend order but it was a salad with some chicken on it. Service was prompt and friendly, considering they now had to work at least an hour after they had closed.
3	Breakfast...organic choices, but no much vegetarian
4	Came here for breakfast and it was the perfect way to start the day.  It was quiet, staff was friendly, food and coffee hit the spot.  Got the chorizo and eggs which came with potatoes and fresh fruit.  Also got the sweet potato hash which also came w fruit.  The portions were reasonable (not big) and the coffee was fair trade and yummy.It was a bit difficult to find.  It's on the 4th floor.  You're better off asking someone at the hotel for directions.
1	I don't think I will ever eat here again. The bill for four of us for lunch was almost $200 and the food was mediocre. Our well drinks tasted watered down and the lunch portions were very small, leaving us hungry. If I'm going to pay $24 for a specialty margarita, I expect it to be delicious. They used cheap tequilla and it tasted watered down. I had the chicken sandwich which was supposed to come with chipotle mayo. I think they used a very small dab. The chicken was over cooked, leaving me with a dry mouth. The other three people I was with weren't impressed either. Service was mediocre.
5	This ended up being one of the best meals I had in Las Vegas. We sat at the bar and ordered breakfast (at around 2:00 PM as we'd slept a bit after arriving on the red-eye). I had some kind of Southwestern scramble thing that was frickin' delicious, a smoothie that was perfectly flavored and two amazing soy lattes. Loved that they included a calorie count on the menu. Delicious.
3	Great stop for a bite to eat before checking in or out of the spa.  Plenty of options on the menu.  My friend had a scrambled egg with chorizo plate that made me envious, but I was perfectly content with coffee, banana bread and toast before my spa appointment.  My other brave friend tried the fried peanut butter and banana sandwich. It was interesting but not anything I need to try again.Service was a little slow at 10am.  Despite there being several empty tables, it took about 15 minutes to clear tables and get us seated.  We ordered right away and we still only received our food minutes before check in time at the spa.  So if you're hoping for a quick bite before your day of pampering, allow yourself more than 30 minutes.
3	Always good here for a healthy breakfast.  I decided to splurge a little with the Caribbean french toast which was a tad bit unflavorful.  Sure I didn't layer it with maple syrup for flavor, but plain none the less.  The side of fruit was uneventful being a small tiny bowl.
5	Seriously, I can't say enough good things about this place!Best Sunday Brunch! Best any day breakfast, brunch or lunch! Love, love, love this place! There were so many delicious [vegetarian] options on the menu - I had quite the dilemma making a decision but finally settled on the Caribbean French toast topped with pineapple, banana slices and maple syrup. Ridiculously fresh fruit cup on the side with every kind of berry, apple and citrus fruit you can think of. I'm drooling just thinking about it again. I also treated myself to their tangy homemade Ginger Ale. Everything on is fresh, organic and healthy - they list the caloric content of each meal right on the menu. Everything was surprisingly cheap and the service was excellent. I loved the decor & the rustic ambiance as well. The tables were ginormous and the seats were comfortable. It's a hidden gem that's a little out of the way but totally worth it! (Go through the casino at Palazzo to the elevators in the back and take them up to the third floor. It's at the front of the Canyon Ranch Spa.)
4	I found this place on Yelp when I was searching for healthy options to eat while I was in Vegas. I LOVED this place. I ate here for lunch twice during my 4-day trip. Definitely a small place, in a kind of hard-to-find location (take the guest room elevators up to the pool floor, it's right before you walk out to the pool area).I tried the breakfast wrap, sonoran scramble, grilled ahi tuna sandwich, chicken satay, and a smoothie. I love how everything is fresh and organic...I could just taste the freshness! I could even tell that the salsa was made with fresh ingredients. I loved how the breakfast meals came with a small side of fresh fruits.My favorites were the breakfast wrap (with organic eggs, veg, and sprouted whole wheat tortilla) and the open-faced ahi sandwich. My least favorite was the chicken satay. It was a bit dry and the flavoring wasn't as strong as I'd like. I was debating between a 4 or 5 star. 5 stars because I feel like it's the most high quality AND only organic, healthy option there is ON the Strip. Not to mention that the food is yummy.4 stars because the portions are a bit on the smaller size for the price. Although I left satisfied but not bloated, my hubby who loves to eat meat and large portions was still hungry.
4	This place is healthy, tasty, and perfect for a quick lunch in Vegas!I am a calorie counter, I work out every day (yes, even on vacation in Vegas), and I always struggle with finding good food choices that I can feel won't burst my pant seams while traveling.  Also, considering I do like to treat myself with fancier dinners while traveling in Vegas, all I really want for lunch is something simple and low calorie, keeping me full until dinner.  This place was perfect.Went here twice during my last trip...had the berry pancakes for 365 calories the first time and the French toast for 315 calories the second time.  Both meals included a small side of fruit, and I also ordered a small side of cottage cheese.  All of the ingredients included in the meal are organic, and bursting with flavor.  The prices are not bad either...I'm not talking Denny's prices, but around $40 for two people, which isn't too bad for a Vegas, poolside cafe, especially considering the food's organic nature.Also of note, the restaurant does have gluten free options, which was great for my husband who has celiecs.  He enjoyed a fresh omelet both times we ate there, and he also raved about the homemade cola he ordered (yes, they have homemade cola and I tried a sip,,,pretty tangy and uniquely good).The only reason I didn't give the restaurant 5 stars was due to the service.  We had the same waitress both times we went, and she just seemed put out by the entire experience of waitressing.  I know that she wasn't the one on vacation, but it would have been nice for her to be a bit more friendly...impressions are important, and a restaurant should know that!   Regardless, I know we'll be back to this restaurant when we return to the Palazzo, which can't be soon enough for me!!
4	Healthy AND delicious food in Vegas that's not super expensive?! What a great find!Don't get this place confused with Canyon Ranch CAFE. They're both in the Palazzo 3rd floor but after looking at the menus for both and walking back and forth between both of them, we decided to eat at this one and I'm so glad we did!The menu tells you how many calories, fat, and fiber is in each item. And everything here is organic, fresh, and delicious! You definitely won't feel guilty eating here! I absolutely loved the ceviche! DELICIOUS! I also tried a bite of my cousin's Elvis sandwich (peanut butter & banana on whole wheat bread) and it was the most healthy yet decadent little sandwich! MM! They also have fresh juices. I got an apple carrot ginger juice as suggested by our server and it was fresh and just right! My Mediterranean salad was just okay though... I wouldn't recommend it. They have lots of salads, healthy burgers and wraps and sandwiches, and breakfast items as well. I definitely recommend this place if you want a light or healthy meal in Vegas! :)
5	Had the chicken ginger soup. YUMMM!!! Very friendly, helpful, competent staff. QUICK service. Got it to go, but the place looked to be a casual, unpretentious ambiance.
4	Healthy, light, fresh and delicious brunch place!  Portions were just right.  I highly recommend this place for a quick bite in Vegas.
3	3 1/2 stars It is a nice feeling knowing that you are eating healthy.  However, most of the food tasted okay not great.  Their homemade granola with fresh fruit and yogurt was very refreshing.Burger - soso - plain, nothing specialSonoran Scramble - soso
3	We recently went to this place.  This was probably the one worst thing about The Palazzo.  The food quality and service just undelivered relative to other places within the Palazzo.  The server forgot to bring our ordered items - the spinach omelette - did not have any spinach.  After it was pointed out to the server, his response was, "...they might have not put enough in it - just keep eating, it should be there somewhere..."  Not quite the response you expect from such an establishment.  The items that he forgot also, were not some exotic things, it was Equal (for the coffee), skim milk, and avocado - all of which came at different times during our meal - almost to the point where there was no value in bringing it.  The eggs tasted very ordinary and frankly a bit cold - the image of healthy and organic  undelivered in all aspects (taste, quality) and the service (or lack thereof) did not help.At the end of the meal - the server felt bad and brought us free OJ (on the house), frankly I would have been happy to pay for the OJ if the other stuff had been up to par.  The service and good quality - need to be addressed before I would even consider recommending this place.
4	Food is healthy, tasty, and transparent (by that I mean you know from where it's sourced, its nutritional info, etc.)! Being a low-carb eater these days, my experience here is limited to the omelettes, but they were good and had a wide variety of choices.  You can have your omelette with egg whites, whole organic eggs, or a combination. I love the combo idea!  There are roughly 10 ingredients from which you may choose and, get this!, you can choose all of them if you want =) None of this two options and then $2.00/additional item.  One day I went with chorizo, peppers, onions, cheddar, and  jalapenos.  The next day I had sausage, mushrooms, spinach, herbs, and goat cheese.  Both were tasty.  They also have organic, fair-trade coffee that was yummy.It's a great place to eat for your body and your conscience. =)
3	After wandering around and trying to figure out where the restaurant is located (3rd floor, Palazzo), my husband and I were seated promptly for brunch.  Service was friendly and everything on the menu is healthy, organic, and also includes the calorie, fat, and fiber count.  I ordered the whole wheat berry pancakes with a side of breakfast sausage, while my husband enjoyed his Breakfast Rellano scramble of chorizo, polenta, and salsa.  Keep in mind that meal portions are smaller than standard restaurant fare, as the restaurant is ultra health conscious and holds true to its suggested portion sized meals.  The food, including the plain fruit smoothie, tasted as good as what I can whip up at home, so nothing was extra special given the higher price tag.  While this is a good healthy alternative to dining on the Strip, I would recommend a "choose your own" breakfast buffet instead.
3	If you want healthy, nutritious food, Canyon Ranch Grill is the place.  I had the Frittata.  My frittata came baked in an oval metal deep bake-dish.  It was not seasoned and that is why it came with a little dish of ketchup.  Also, a fruit cup of fresh berries, cut up apples was provided and chopped-up oven-baked potatoes.  I enjoyed my breakfast with multiple cups of my $4 organic coffee.  I had a taste of my sister's breakfast wrap - it was not too bad.  Wrap with scrambled egg, salsa and ketchup on the side with a fruit cup.  The rest of my party ordered the Sweet Potato Hash with a poached egg plus fruit cup.  The swee potato hash was really good; there was some ham in the hash as well.I really wanted to try their wholewheat berries pancake.  I asked for sugar-free maple syrup and they said they didn't have any.  Not sure why.  I think the restaurant of this calibre should be prepared for all kinds of queries.
5	Lots of vegan options clearly marked on the menu!I had the Tofu Scramble, side of wheat toast with fresh cashew butter, and, of course, a mimosa!  All was fabulous.  The menu is much larger than that of Canyon Ranch Cafe - just an FYI because we got the 2 confused at first.Staying at Palazzo?  So easy to get to CRG!  Hop off on floor 3 and you can't miss it.  Plenty of choices for the veg and non-veg crowd!Great for Brunch!One drawback... not the best in ambiance.  Totally feels like you're eating in a hotel, but the food is more important and a solid 5 stars.
5	This rare, healthy restaurant is hidden from the masses, slot machines and smoke filled Vegas corridors  located near the spa in the Palazzo. Only problem is it's been found, and tons of people were here. We had a short wait and opted for counter seating for lunch. I had the Spinach, arugula fig salad adding the grilled salmon as protein. The salad was perfect for lunch and the moist, organic salmon was cooked to perfection. (They even asked how I wanted it).---Innovative, fresh, healthy gourmet cuisine....very odd for Vegas!
4	I stopped here for breakfast to try a different kind of spot.  The grill is located near the entrance to the Canyon Ranch Spa at the Palazzo Hotel.  It's on the third floor and you have to take one of the hotel room elevators beyond the security key check stand.For most of the 45 minutes I was here, I was the only customer.  There was a couple with bathrobes finishing some coffee who then went off to the spa.  It was like having a small, private dining room.  The staff was excellent.  I think they would have given great service even if many or most of the tables had been occupied.I had looked at the menu online and decided I'd ask about the daily frittata.  It was spinach with feta cheese.  I like that, but it's nothing special.  I ordered what I'd planned before I went, the Rum-flavored French toast with banana and pineapple served with maple syrup.  The French toast had no rum flavor at all which is good!  It was a simple two pieces of grilled bread - not egg battered and fried - with toppings of sliced banana on one and chopped fresh pineapple on the other.  It was so good that I only used a small amount of maple syrup because I didn't want it to overwhelm the fruit.  Served with the French toast was a small container of fresh fruit.This grill is designed to serve healthy or more healthy food.  There's nutrition information on the menu for most items.  Coffee was brought quickly and refilled often.This really was a pleasant breakfast and something off the beaten path right on the Strip.
4	Perfect portions which is hard to find in this town. Chicken on a salad was kind of dry.  Healthy good food.  Prices are a little high for what you get, but that's the same everywhere else.  And yes, hubby and I ate in our robes as we took a lunch break from a day at the spa.  If you're looking for a real smoothie, go here. Their real fruit and juice smoothies go for a little over $5 same as other places that just give you powdered flavored crap.
2	Based on the reviews, it seems as though my table had a one-off bad experience. First off, the ambiance is a little odd - this is the restaurant for the spa so quite a few people were in spa robes while the rest were ready to hit the pool. The food was my biggest issue here, we actually had to send half of it back as it was literally not edible. Between 4 of us we had the Caribbean french toast, breakfast wrap, a side of berries, toast and jam and a chicken sandwich. The problem was that the bread was horrible which happens to be the base of both the french toast and my friend's order of toast and jam. The only good parts were the side of fresh berries and the sandwich. The wrap lacked any flavor and was small. The service was slow but our server was nice enough to take off the french toast and side of toast as we didn't eat the dish which we was very nice of her.
3	I dont know why this has such great reviews.This was just a decent place in the venetian/palazzo. Convenient since we stayed in the venetian but I would never travel from another hotel just to eat at this place. It is right next to the spa so it serves spa like food. Light and healthy. Portions are small too. I ordered the burrito. Nothing special but its food. The mango blackberry was good especially after i spiked it!
2	This was not the quality of food I would have expected in Las Vegas. The potatoes although the bartender reassured us they were organic and fresh were definitely frozen. No way you have that uniform of a cut on 100 potatoes if they were made fresh in the back, plus the flavor was very bland as if it had just been de thawed. The eggs were not very good quality either, and i would say were comparable but made just a step above dehydrated eggs. Definitely check out the spa, but skip this place
3	Had a hamburger and a cup of chili. Both of them were quite tasty. I also enjoyed the pickle salsa that came with the hamburger. Too bad that they are only opened for breakfast and lunch. It would be nice that they are open for dinner too. The hostess was very helpful, however, the bartener was only interested in chatting with pretty girls.
3	Not a bad get away from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  Located deep in the heart of the Venetian/Palazzo forum shops, the elevator to get to this little oasis was very difficult to find.  We used the forum directory to help us navigate our way here, but it was only listed on every other map.It is basically a walk-up window with a healthy menu of options like granola, breakfast burritos and the like.  Located next to the gym and spa, its exactly what one would eat after a work out.The staff here is friendly and not overly in your face.I noshed on a wheat bagel with lox and cream cheese.  Hubs inhaled a breakfast burrito filled with egg whites. Definitely a good way to start your day without all the carb-loading.Would I come back?  Meh, probably not.  I've had this place bookmarked for over a year now, so now that I've tried it, I can now cross if off my list.
4	When you're tired of a bunch of overpriced unhealthy food... this is a great place to come get some overpriced healthy food.My breakfast scramble was tasty enough. And I appreciated the calorie, fat, fiber, and protein information that was right there on the menu. Service was slow. You feel like you are eating in a hotel lobby instead of a restaurant. But the food is good enough.Three and a half stars, rounding up.
5	The staff were incredibly helpful. I wanted to make some bulletproof coffee for my Husband and I while we were staying at the hotel and they really went out of their way to help us a few mornings. When something isn't on the menu and a servers says "I'll try, what's in it." instead of "No, sorry we don't have that." it means a lot! The manager and or hiring people have done a great job at selecting great people to work there!
5	Amazing food, reasonable portions, healthy fare.  If you're visiting and want healthy and delicious, this is it.  Staff are professional, friendly and attentive.  Reasonably priced.
5	After binging at Bouchon and Otto Enoteca, we knew we needed a light, healthy breakfast before getting on the plane to go back home.  We decided to hit up Canyon Ranch Grill since it was located in our hotel and because the menu was so healthy and included helpful calorie counts.We both ordered coffees, which came very quickly and were very good.  We also both got the Sonoran Scramble, a delicious medley of eggs, tomatoes, chiles, onions, garlic, cilantro, tortilla strips, avocado, and best of all, chorizo (all for 315 calories!).  It sounds like A LOT, but the portion size was perfect and the dish was spot-on flavorful.  I loved the slice of avocado on top - yummy yum yum.  Best of all, it came with a very small side of fresh berries that were incredibly delicious and balanced against the egg dish. We also ordered a side of the breakfast potatoes, which were super good, but mostly went uneaten since the scramble was so filling.We sat at the bar and breakfast was super quick and service friendly.  If you're trying to achieve balance against the (awesome) heavy meals found in the Vegas restaurants, this is it!  Yummy!
2	Hoping to come to canyon ranch for fresh delicious food. Didn't work out as planned. For starters I ordered the arugula/spinach salad with salmon. They slopped some wilted, yellow greens on a plate and topped it with a fishy tasting salmon. Not very good at all. Edamame was totally undercooked also. My husband got the veggie stir fry with chicken. Once again it was as if they threw the food onto the plate without any consideration for presentation. So sloppy. Service was terrible as well. The woman worked very hard but was so unfriendly and unwelcoming. Very slow and forgot an addition to saladLastly, the decor was so dated.  No inspiration at all. Especially for a spa. Very tired. Would not recommend at all.
4	Attended an IBM event here and the food was fantastic. Small bar with a lounge area next to the Canyon Ranch SPA. Third floor of the hotel.
5	I give 5 stars to restaurants that I would return to in a heartbeat and this one definitely deserves the praise. We went to Canyon Ranch Grill after a relaxing day at the spa. Ordered kale chips, turkey soup and hummus / babaganush for appetizers. Everything was fresh, delicious and reasonably healthy (not to mention reasonably priced). I also had the quesadilla and let me tell you - it was the best quesadilla of my life! Everyone else in my party was very happy with their food selections as well - stir fry, omelet, quinoa.
4	Food was very good, pleasing to look at, and was healthy. I would eat there again. It was also nice and quiet.
3	Small, dark and a little depressing. It looks like an old Asian restaurant. Extremely limited menu that was mostly Mexican. I was expecting tasty spa food.  Instead it is was a mishmash of weird flavors that would clash, unless you want Mexican. I had the soup, which was good - and Mexican. Service was good. I just wouldn't bother eating here again.
5	If Whole Foods had a classic post modern diner, this would be it.  It takes all your classic American breakfast and lunch items and puts a HEALTHY and DELICIOUS without feeling guilty spin to it.  The feel good food, the attentive service and the warm decor perfectly provides a nice respite from the STRIP SCENE.  Only place in Vegas, you might have a zen experience.....
5	The spinach and arugula salad with figs is to die for. The butternut squash ravioli super delicious and healthy.
