4	I love this place!!!I am a huge fan of Take-n-Bake pizza. There is nothing better than pulling a piping hot pizza out of your own oven and having fresher than any other way other than sitting at the pizza parlor. We are a big fan of the Chicken Garlic.  I also love the stuffed meat pizza.  They also have bread sticks that you cook at home. Pre-made salads and cooking dough ready. They key to success for Take-N-Bake, save the number in your phone. Call ahead and place your order. That way it is ready when you show up. In and out the door in 5 minutes. There is another similar take-n-bake around my home, but the value of this place makes it well worth the 5 miles out of the way into AJ worth it..Find a place near your home and give it a try.  You will love it..
5	usually get take and bake from walmart..never again this place is great ..Sauce was sweet and zesty, toppings were overwhelming. I couldn't ask for a better pizza today was my first visit and i will be back for sure
2	I like Papa Murphy's product so I've no complaint there. My complaint come from their coupons.  I ordered 2 thin delite pizzas and had two coupons for 6.99 ea.for ANY thin delite pizza.   When I went to pay for the pizza, I was told a person could only use one coupon. There's nothing on their ads or coupon that says this, so I was not happy.  Also, I was charged a dollar more for my 3 topping pizza.  Only 2 toppings are allowed for 6.99.  This also was not on the coupon.  The coupon was for ANY thin delite pizza.  If it hds stated any' two topping pizza' I would have known.  So I am upset at them not honoring their own coupons.  If they have restrictions, they should state them in advance.
5	Great establishment with quality service that is timely and all for an economical price. I loved this PMs!
3	Priced a little heavy considering you cook it yourself, but it's clean. The pizza wasn't extraordinary either, but the staff was friendly, with the exception of a couple of chatting girls behind the counter who stood there like there was absolutely nothing that they could be doing. The two gentlemen in the store were polite, courteous and doing their jobs. I'd go back.
