4	A Friday afternoon of lounging in the beer garden at Haus Murphy's definitely tops my list of favorite things to do. Start with a glass of Weizen, a tall one, then cruise through their extensive menu of Bavarian specialties. Schnitzel or brats with a side of kraut , black forest ham sandwich, oriental chicken salad(?!), perhaps a strudel for dessert. I opted for the Reuben sandwich on my last visit. Though quite tasty, the corned beef was sliced a bit too thick for my taste- the deli down the street has them beat hands down. Stick with the sausage.
5	So simple... so authentic... just the type of place to make you feel like you're back in Germany --- that is, if you've ever been to Germany.  If you haven't, check this place out and you can pretty much save a trip over there.It's hard to go wrong here.  The food is classic German --- sausages, kraut, schnitzels, etc.  Oh, and don't forget about the tall glasses of beer that you can drink in the beer garden!
4	Funny thing is, we took our forgeign exchange "son" here for some  comfort food.
5	We absolutely love this place! Not for the health food crowd, but definitely for people who do not mind pounded, fried meat and giant beer. They rotate between 4-5 soups and each are delicious and come with every dinner or you can opt to get a German salad for about $2.00 more.  It is impossible to leave this place still feeling hungry.
5	Can you say Schnitzel?  Every time I visit Arizona, I have to stop at this restaurant... very authentic,  I had the Wiener Schnitzel, for appetizer the potato pancakes with sour cream and applesauce and some strudel for dessert... Oh, and I had to have a german beer too so that my belly was extra full before I left..  I am german and think this place is very true to it recipes... Not a place to go for dieting...  I wish I lived closer!!
5	LOVE IT!!!AGH!Their Jager Schnitzel is sooooo good.  However, I'm allergic to nuts and they told me all of their desserts are made off premis and they all contained nuts :(Booooo nuts.But yeah, good stuff.Make reservations though, becasue everytime Ive been there it was fairly crowded.
5	I LOVE this place...every time I go there, I keep meaning to try a different entree, but I can't tear my appetite away from the *excellent* gnocchi!...thus far, I've tried (by picking at other peoples' food) the potato pancakes, the mushroom soup, jager schnitzel, bratwurst, and the German chocolate cake...all incredible and ridiculously filling...and the waiters have been so friendly(not to mention, rather good looking haha)...
5	This place is great fun.  Who would have thought you could feel like you were at a German beer garden while in downtown Glendale.   Sitting outdoors under the string lights and German beer flags just made you thirsty for beer! Nice selection of draft beers, all were tasty and available in 16 or 32 oz size.  Had sausage sampler with very good sauerkraut . Fresh pumpernickel and rye bread to munch on. Simple dinner salads.  Tried two types of schnitzel, both were great, wanted to order the gnocchi but they just ran out and then had the chicken Marsala which was just OK.They had two accordion players playing classic tunes like the "chicken dance song" and "it's a small world after all".  Mmm good polka music and beer.  This place does close at 9, otherwise it would be a great place to hang out all night.  Will go back again for sure.
5	OK, I am totally biased, as I used to work here.That being said, it has some of the best food EVER.If you ever are there for Hungarian Stew nite (which is rarely made), order nothing else but a bucket of it, it is that good. The schnitzel with ham and cheese is excellent, but I always had a to go order of the chicken with the mushroom cream sauce-swear they put crack in it. Sausages galore!My friend, who worked there for many years, even made a poem about all the types of sausage available. The sauerkraut IS THE BEST IN THE WHOLE FREAKIN' WORLD! Seriously. I would eat soup containers of it.My fav activity was filling the bread pudding glasses.Scoop of bread for their glass, scoop of bread pudding for MY glass. If I wasn't busting my ass at this job, I soooo woulda been such a fatty....Fried potatoes-Awesome. German salad-Delish. And I don't know if the Virshing is truly German, but it is truly awesome. It's cabbage with a mild cheese sauce, and it's served on most of the plates. Some don't like it, but I would sneak to go cups of just this, and eat it in back of the beer garden with the pumpernickel bread.Last, but by no means least, the Reuben at lunch is the bestest. Go. Eat it. You won't be sorry....OK, 1 more thing:I spent an entire summer drinking my way through our kegs of Weihanstephan Korbinian, a seasonal beer that is very good, but VERY hard to find (alas). Whether you prefer the Dunkel, or the FrancisKaner, they are all delicious glasses of Heaven.....and I'm done...
4	My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day dinner. We had fun, but a lot of the fun had to do with the people dining and serving there. The food was good, no complaints. We had two huge beers that we both couldn't finish. The music sets the tone - unique folky [German] music I am guessing. The decor is rather thrown-together and pretty random; there is definitely plenty to look at. I think they have patio seating too, so I'd recommend that because you can people watch on Glendale which is great!
5	Ditto all the previous reviews, I've been to this place 3 times now and have never been disappointed.This time I shared the Bartlett Pear and Black Forest sandwich.And of course potato pancakes.For dessert, we shared an apple strudel.Absolutely Scrumptious!I've had the Hefeweizen before...yummmm.I love the new place, and can't wait to go again!
5	I've never eaten at the Haus, but I'm pretty up front as to not being a food reviewer and more of a booze reviewer, thus I feel completely confident that I can say Haus Murphy's is likely one of the great places in the PHX area to refresh yourself with a disgustingly large beverage.When I was visiting the Glendale area we decided to eschew the corporate Westgate area for Downtown and a better decision has never been made. The Haus served us giant German beers outside.  They were large enough for us to take pictures of ourselves hiding behind them! What more do you want out of life?Having grown up in the german-centric area of northwest Ohio, I have some sense of authentic German establishments, and this place has it in spades. Again, I'll leave the assessment of their food up to you, but if you're downtown and want to wet your palette with a giant fine German lager, you can't do better than Haus Murphy's. When I'm there, Ich bin ein Berliner.
5	Can you say schnitzel?I love the Haus Murphy's.  Their newer location is bigger, so dinning with a group is a breeze now.  The food is awesome.  The sausage is top notch, the sausage  platter is obtuse.  I'm a schnitzel addict, so I always entertain one when I visit.  The Bread Pudding is fantastic, but as is all the dessertery.  It's a German place and the one pasta dish they have there is even killing.  It's a bit expensive, but worth it in every way.  For the drinkers, it's a little bit of heaven.  They always have about 5 German beers on tap usually Franziskaner WeissBier, Warsteiner Dunkel, Spaten Optimator, A Weistephaner, and a Pilsner of German origin.  I used to hit up the happy hour here on a reg and deplete them on mustard and pretzels.  They also serve beers in the huge mugs if you're a drunk or just like big things.
4	Haus Murphy serves up a quintessential German experience. An authentic feeling enviroment with a selection of foods that not only a native could love, but anyone willing to step into a Black Forest story book will find tasty.  Despite it's Central Glendale location the place wasn't heavily patronized on our Friday night visit, still we had called ahead as suggested and set a reservation time. We were seated immediately, but were forgotten for almost a half hour. I  didn't realize how long we were sitting until my partner pulled out the cell phone to check. I was looking over the decor and commenting on the trinkets and chatting.When our server came to take our order they were profusely sorry and immediately put a large bread pudding on our food list, either to take home or eat at the end of our meal, whichever we wanted as an apology. From that moment on there wasn't a lack of attentiveness at all. The first two things that came were a Filet Salad and a Sausage appetizer. The salad was divine! Here is the description straight from their menu: "Slices of Filet Mignon, Radish Sprouts, Marinated Artichokes, Asparagus, Green Olives, Roasted Red Peppers, fresh Spring Mix, tossed in Lavender Vinaigrette, topped with quenelle of Herbed Goat Cheese...."  That's right, drift off with me....to that lovely description. The Olives were not oily, they were fat, plump, martini olives. The Filet was perfect.  A Lavender Vinaigrette? It was a WOW. But it's a limited time salad, so it may not be there when you visit.Then came the sausage sampler. You no longer can choose the sausages you sample like the online menu states, and you get saurkraut not german fried potatoes, but it was still nice. They set a bottled mustard you can buy in any grocery store on the table.  I think it  would have been nice to have some sampling of german mustards for dipping. It was at this point that I noticed we didn't have a bread basket. I had read about Rye and Pumpernickle with a tapenade that comes at the beginning, so I inquired. Unfortunately this was a cost loser for the restaurant and they no longer do it. Instead they brought out three basic dinner rolls with the tapenade instead. This change dissapointed me as it's rare to get hearty breads and the tapenade doesn't go well on a basic dinner roll, they should just bring out some butter.On to the dinners. It was so very hard to choose among the Schnitzles and Sausages, but we managed. One Nurn-burger Combo and a Schweizer Schnitzle later with a side of potatoe dumpling and we were quite sure we'd ordered plenty of food. The Tomato soup which prefaced our entree's was better than I expected. Neither of us like Tomato soup and both of us liked this one. I'd skip the potato dumpling side in the future it was a gooey mass of starch,  maybe we should have tried the Spaetzle instead. The Schnitzle was really good and the sausages juicy. I think I could try a different schnitzle each visit and be pleased. I also might consider just a sausage and a bun. They will bring a roll for your sausage if you ask. The Wirsing was very tasty, I had read it wasn't so good, but I was thrilled with it. In the end we were quite full, we had ordered some drinks and had forgotten the large promised bread pudding. It arrived and we ate what we could handle while the Tuba and Accordian duo played their way through the restaurant. A bit spendy, we hit $80 for the two of us, but we weren't trying to eat cheap. Careful planning could lower the cost. All in all it was quite festive and fun for an evening and we are glad we went. You should visit!
5	One word, INCREDIBLE!!!! That describes everything i have tried at Haus Murphy's. If you want to experience complete bliss then try the gnocchi, theres is really fantastic. Its definitely the best i have ever had. Also, there sausage is great and (I cant believe im saying this because I am someone who used to hate it but) There sauerkraut is amazing. I couldn't stop eating it.   The place has a very nice historic feel to it which adds to the experience. They have a nice outdoor seating area and some nights they have a band that plays out there.     Just try Haus Murphy's, I know you wont be disappointed.
3	I really loved the homey feeling of this place. Very comfortable and extremely friendly but the food, meh.. it was hit and miss. Their brown gravy tasted like something from a grade school cafeteria which was a real let down. The potato dumpling bland and their 'giant' pretzel was smaller than the kind you get from snack bars. Also they no longer have rye bread with herb butter.. they use some bought dinner rolls, pretty lame! Now the good stuff.. the Bauernplatte for two was awesome! Heaping helping of sausages, kraut and friend taters.. was wonderful! The German potato salad was the best Ive had, just great!So all the little stuff really took its toll for me on this place.. perhaps it was an off night for the kitchen? Its a pretty far drive to find out.
3	beer.. sausage.. pork patties.. potatoes.. pickled cabbage.mmm then nap time.anytime i find a german bier garden I try my hardest to get to it and considering i was only in AZ for a couple days i thought it was a good chance to try haus murphy's.. from the looks of things from pictures from other yelpers it looked promising.. figured i'd get some good beer and brats.so by the time i made it out there i was starving and we still had to wait for 2 more people to show... this could have added to my crankiness because i think we waited for 30 minutes watching every car drive by.it would have probably made me feel better to get a beer first but i didn't want to go in by myself considering the kitchen staff came out to stare while i was doing a walk through to check out what we were dealing with.so most of the patrons had white/silver hair.. and it looked like they were celebrating life.it's more homestyle than i thought it would be but when you hear beer garden and lounge.. you think it should be more happening but it was a thursday night in glendale and the place closes at 9.. i should have put it all together.the place is huge.. it's actually the restaurant for the first half of the building then the backside is the lounge.. then alongside the entire building is the beer garden.it was a nice nite out so we decided to stay outside in the beer garden.the service is nice and helpful.. it's too bad the food didn't cut it.their brats were spongy.. weisswurt had a different spice in it i couldn't put my finger on and the only sausage on the baunerplatte that was decent was knack wurst.. but that's just like a regular hot dog.their mustard was just the generic haines spicy brown mustard... i think they could have made it much more authentic or gone with something with more flavor.. the schniztel was good.. but nothing more than a breaded cutlet.. which is what it is.. and i'd rather get it with donkatsu sauce at a japanese place.. the kossler kotelett.. is explained as a boiled pork chop.. which if you really think about it.. it's a slice of ham..  which it was.. and nothing too spectacular..all the meats were pilled on top of either sauerkraut or pickled red cabbage and then on the sides of the plate were fried potatoes and the german potato salad.. nothing more than diner style fried potatoes.. but i did not get to try the potato salad because my non food adventurous friends got to it first.the highlight is the atmosphere.. it's very welcoming and you have different sections to sit in depending on what you want to make of your night..they have an awesome beer selection.. i wanted the spaten oktoberfest but they ran out and got me a different oktoberfest edition beer..but the one that took the cake was the warstener dunkle.. it's a brown ale.. but it's so light and crisp you'd think it was a blonde.. it's absolutely delicious.. i was so jealous i didn't get it.. and even more so when my friend was billed $5 for his 32 oz and i had a 16 oz of the oktoberfest.. sheesh.. the other item i can vouch for is the soup of the day which was potato soup.. i didn't think i would care for it because we had the mount of potatoes and pickled cabbage.. but the soup was my favorite.. it was perfectly seasoned.. and pureed... and dipping their prebought buns into the soup was delicious.. it's a shame both the bread and the soup were the smallest in portion out of everything.i still prefer red lion tavern in LA or hofbrauhaus in vegas...but haus murphy's food did do the sleep trick.. i went back to my friends place and took a nap.. i don't know.. something about the beer and sausage mix that just makes me want to sleep right after.. it's worse than turkey dinners!i forgot to mention they now serve absinthe..
2	food was decent, but overpriced for what it was and where it was. waitress was rude. service was incredibly slow. we had waited about 30 minutes to order, and another hour or so to get our food. on top of that, the waitress told us without apologizing that they ran out of soup that was supposed to be included with our meal. when i asked how much longer the food would take, the waitress replied "why? do you have to be somewhere?" we didn't even bother with dessert. live music was entertaining though (an extra star for that), but that was the only good thing about eating there. i will never come here again.
3	Complete disclosure here... I've not yet found my niche in the German cuisine.  I've sampled from several sections of the menu and haven't yet found a dish I didn't like, but haven't found that gem that wows me.No, what I love about this place is the atmosphere.  Sitting on the patio on a warm (or cool) day enjoying the cuisine and the company of friends.  And great steins of beer.  There are several from which to choose ranging across the German spectrum.Still, the highlight is their Oktoberfest celebration.  They truly set up (what I'd imagine is) a great bier garden experience (even though I've never actually been to one).  It's already pencilled-in for next year.
4	The food and beer were both very good. I really liked the atmosphere outside with the music being played.  Service as good.I need to go back and try other dishes.
4	This place is a must when in the area. I've been here twice and look forward to another visit soon. The German food is excellent. Everything I've had has been excellent. The staff is helpful describing the menu and offering their favorite selections. The food comes out within a reasonable time. It is reasonable priced and so good. Seriously if you have not been here you are missing out and need to try it out. The sauerkraut is amazing defiantly not from the can defiantly home made (like everything on the menu)!
5	Es schmeckt sehr lecker!That's German!I have been to Haus Murphy's to drink a few times in the past and was quite pleased by the beer selection as well as the size. I can get beer in a stein the size of my head? Surely you jest. I have a rather large melon. It is true though. The effer is huge and tasty.I finally got to eat here with my favorite collection of Brite girls. The whole place feels rather authentic though I have never been to  Germany so what do I know? Everything I know about Germany I learned from Polka and online pornography (I think they love the Hoff). Community tables were not uncomfortable as they can be other places. They were quite cozy and enjoyable in fact.The food while unpronounceable was very delicious. In fact I have been told that my opening line means "It's delicious" however as previously stated I know nothing of German so it could very well mean *insert funnt profane thing here*Sauerkraut has become one of my favorite things in the world  and It does not disappoint here. The sausages were delicious and the beer made it all just a happy dining sort of day.Also how can you go wrong with two old men in lederhosen playing the oompah oompah on a tuba and an accordion. These guys are rock stars. You learn to play these instruments solely to get chicks.Srsly...I know you uppity east sider kids like to stear clear of the avenues except to take in some hipster-slumming it culture, but downtown Glendale has so much to offer. Haus Murphy's is amazing and it is nestled amongst little antique shops and whatnot with brick and lace and charm. Give it a shot. Tell them "Du hast meine Katze auf dem Fenster geworfen!"
3	Beer good! Atmosphere fun! Good place to eat outside if its a nice day.  Food good but overpriced.  I had snizle and it was ok but for the money not worth it.  The service was pretty good and the staff knowledgeable about German beers and food.  Its good to try once and that's bout it just to say you did.
4	Haus Murphy is getting 4 BIG stars! Why not 5 you ask? Only because they are in Glendale and it takes an ungodly amount of time to trek out there. With that being said... I have been to Murphy's 3 times and have enjoyed it immensely each time. I have never been to Germany or another really authentic German restaurant, save the German buffet at Epcot Center, so I don't think that really counts. The restaurant is on the smaller side and it can be very busy on the weekends, so make a reservation. They do have a nice beer garden outside where you can eat as well, weather permitting. They have a few larger booths in the front room, but have a large open area with tables and some community type tables in the bar area. I believe they have a polka band there on the weekends also. So if polka music is your bag you should check it out. On to the important stuff. Food and beer! Again, their food has been consistent all 3 visits. They have a simple salad that comes with most entrees, but the dressing is awesome! The mushroom soup is great too! They also bring out warm, fresh pumpernickel and sourdough I believe. I have tried the chicken with mushrooms and cream sauce, the rouladen, and the meatloaf. I can't remember the name for the meatloaf, but that is essentially what it is. It comes with mashed potatoes and cabbage. It is fantastic! I believe it was served with a brown sauce/gravy. The offer a very large selection of beers. I have had the Spaten Lager and the Spaten Oktoberfest. Both quality. You have to get them in the large glass steins they offer. Lets keep it authentic folks. The desserts are pretty good too. The Apple Strudel was very good, but does have nuts. If you can pick around them I would suggest it. The Black Forest cake was a little dry, but good. If you live nearby or don't mind driving go and give Haus Murphy's a try.
5	Do you want an escape from your typical Arizona dining experience? Do you crave an outdoor seating area were the beer flows like water and the old men dance around in traditional German clothing holding tubas? You really need to check this place out. I live about 5 minutes from here and it took me a full year and visiting relatives to finally get to downtown Glendale to check it out. We had a 6:30 reservation on the patio (It was a Saturday and I wanted to be safe but for 4, you could have done without the reservation). We sampled several German beers and I loved them all (wish I remembered the names). We started with the giant pretzel and sausage sampler-both were SO good I am still drooling. The Sausages were served over a bed of sauerkraut and the pretzel with spicy mustard. Everyone at the table tried something different and we all sampled everything. I loved the German potato salad served with the entrees and also the cabbage soup. The ambiance of this place was fantastic! The live music is from 6-8 and I really wish it went later. My boyfriend and I agree that eating there really makes you feel as though you are on vacation-far away from Arizona! I would HIGHLY recommend this place-great spot for anyone and especially out of towners looking for something unique!
4	Haus Murphy is the only authentic German bar/restaurant in the west valley.  They have 10 taps (Weihenstephaner Hefe-Weissbier, Franziskaner Weissbier, Spaten Optimator, Spaten Marzen, Warsteiner, and a couple more...).Service is usually good and it has a very charming, relaxed atmosphere with German decor.Mature customer base also... which is to my liking.
3	If you have ever eaten at an exceptional German restaurant, you will be ruined for life. Years ago, the Haus would have gotten 4 stars. But after being turned on to a little gem in Gibson City, IL called "The Bayrn Stube" my appreciation of fatty meat and spices stuffed in an intestine laid on a bed of sauerkraut and red cabbage has been forever changed. Haus just doesn't quite measure up. The cup of soup before the entree tasted like it came out of a can and the bread looked like the sheets of Hawaiian bread you buy at wally world. Probably the biggest turn off was when they brought out the brown mustard still in a plastic squeeze container. My meal was the Nuernberger/Kassler combo for one, and I had enough left over for breakfast the next day. Their sausages seem to be of lesser quality than I would get at Sunflower and the red cabbage had some pork gristle in it. Not that I mind a little pork fat in my cabbage, but not chunks, and definitely not gristle. My friend ordered the Huehner (Chicken) Schnitzel, which had a very good flavor, it was the best part of either of our meals. They do have a nice selection of good beers on tap, no Aventinus though. If the food was anything other than German, it would get 2 stars. It is nice to have somewhere to get a schnitzel when I'm in the area, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here.
4	The sausage/bratwurst at Haus Murphy's is great.  Very flavorful, but I am more fond of the Krakaur (sp?) brat than the others. The sausage appetizer is definitely great for a big group and comes with a mustard that is excellent.Our german waiter was a nice touch. :)We sat in the lounge area which is nicely decorated and the bar looks great.  The tables being put together is pretty cool, although I kind of wished they were the same type/size so that you didn't feel like the puzzle pieces didn't match.  But that may be my OCD talking.The food did take a while to cook.  I didn't get a chance to try the schnitzel, but one day I will.  Meanwhile I had the German Brat, which was moist and flavorful.  It was on top of the saurkraut... which having been a child who hated saurkraut, I tried it yesterday for the first time since, and I liked it.  So kudos to them for changing my view of saurkraut.  Unfortunately, my diet currently limits any starches, so I was unable to try the potatos that came with it, but they sure smelled good and looked seasoned appropriately.The german beer was AWESOME coming in these HUGE mugs... all I needed was one beer.Price wasn't too bad either.  $34 for a German Brat plate, Krakaur (sp?) brat plate, a side salad, and two german beers.We would definitely go back.
4	In our continuing quest to try one new restaurant a month, we headed to Haus Murphy for beers Friday night. Haus Murphy has a wonderful array of German beers on tap and has the added advantage of being walkable for us as we are located slightly north of downtown near Manistee Ranch.  We were delighted with the homey bar area and the beer selection.  I had the Heffeweisen, which was light and fruity with a mild clove aftertaste.  My drinking buddies had the light lager and the brown dunkel in the big-gulp size (I kid you not! The small is 16 ounces and the large is a whopping 32 ounces). Did I mention it was a good thing we walked.   All in all a lovely, laid-back experience.  This is what a neighborhood bar should be. Please y'all, stay away from the souless chains at Arrowhead and patronize our local and deserving Glendale establishments. You will not be disappointed.  Oh, one other note --the beer is appropriately chilled for American palates and not room temp like in Germany --something we were relieved to discover after our stroll through the neighborhood (still 100 degrees at 9 pm.)
3	Walked into this restaurant on a Friday night around 7pm without reservations, and were seated right away.  The inside was packed because of the heat outside.  There is an inside and outside area to dine.  We decided to eat indoors.  We ordered the sausage Sampler at $10, and were surprised at the size of the sampler, nice size.  There was around 3 or 4 sausages on a huge bed of sauerkraut. Since we ordered the sausages for an app. I decided to try the Goulash Meal with Spaetzle, and Sauerkraut at $14.  My husband tried a combo with some sort of pork, with German potatoes and another helping of sauerkraut at $16.  My dish was a good size and the Goulash was really good, lots of gravy.   My husband's pork was nice and tender, almost melted in his mouth.  It took awhile for us to get our meal, we ordered a couple of beers while waiting.  During our dinner live polka musicians were playing.  It was nice to get some German ambiance in phoenix.  Beers were warm, but that's what was expected. For two of us to eat, with app, and two beers our dinner was about $75 with tip.  It was also hot in the restaurant.  They have plastic over the seats and it was a warm night and we sat right by the windows, so it was a little uncomfortable.   Both my husband and I were sweating, so we didn't want to sit around after our meal.  The food was good though.
4	Time to get your Polka on ... never thought I 'd wish I knew the moves to the Chicken Dance ..mid westerners help me out!! Haus Murphy just was plain ole fun tonight  , thanks to two Polka playing  Hawaiian-shirted, German loving musicians and a table  next to us full of celebrationistos  feeling no pain ,  we really enjoyed our time.  The beer was flowing all around us , big mugs , giant mugs, lots of mugs.  Our large family group ordered lots of yummy homey foods  like German Meatloaf , which was rich and seasoned and moistened quite well . My husband and I ordered the giganto platter,the Bauernplatte for two was completely  awesome!  A  great eating challenge for my husband who can put away of truckload of food. This platter had a variety of meats including a wonderful chicken schnitzel, German potatoes, red cabbage , brats in assortment  and sauerkraut that tasted nothing like that stuff from a jar. We finished off dinner with some moist bread pudding like apple strudel that I thought tasted wonderful . I would love some more right now!!  Low carb diet  be gone!  Beware after such a big meal  1piece of strudel is enough for two people. Ambiance is  familyish , lots of people , and very fast service.  They have many long tables that serve big groups well. Looks like they are pros at  having a good time. Haus Murphy is a great place to take a family for fun .
4	I have been to Haus Murphy's numerous times, each time was a different experience.The quality of the food seems to differ from one visit to the next. The size of the portions is rather constant, which is nice. During my last visit, my wife and I dined with another couple. We ordered the giant pretzel, which was a solid selection. Very tasty, not too salty. During previous visits, we have ordered the sausage sampler and were pleased by the flavor and the generous portions.My wife and one of our friends ordered the same entree, however, the difference in presentation and quality of the two dishes was evident the moment they were placed on the table. Not too sure how a chef could allow for two entrees heading to the same place to be so noticeably different.We sat in the bar area, which is my favorite. There is a large television which displays various sporting events. I happen to enjoy sporting events with fried food, what can I say? The beers are delicious, true German brews served in massive glasses. I prefer the 32oz Hefe. The beer is never a disappointment and is reasonably priced.Haus Murphy has a new menu. The number of dishes has shrunk and the prices have gone up. Not a big deal initially, I understand it's a sign of the times. However, I was shocked to see my final bill. I ordered a side of sauce for my schnitzel that amounted to five dollars. Wow. A quarter of a cup of mushroom sauce for five dollars. Next time, I will do without.Also, our waitress asked if we would like to split the bill as couples. We accepted. However, she returned to the table and informed us that she had tallied the beers incorrectly. She didn't offer to correct her mistake and instead left us figure out the details which she offered to take care of. A little unprofessional, but the difference of a few dollars wasn't a huge deal.Overall, the experience wasn't as great as it once was, food and service alike. However, I still enjoy the majority of the food options and I will always love the beer. To me, this is enough to award four stars. Am I happy with the new menu and the diminished service? No, but I'll get over it. Just stop the slide, Haus.
5	Definitely one of my favorite restaurants, The Staff although a bit eccentric fits the place to a T.  A wide selection of German Beer's including Spaten, and Warsteiner, I personally prefer the Spaten Oktoberfest, They don't know how to make bad soup, I just wish they gave you more, every time we've been here they've always had simple but awesome soup.And of Course "Schnitzel" or as they call it on the menu"The Art of Schnitzel" if pounding pork thin breading it then covering it with sauces, other meats, cheeses etc, is an art form, then consider me a discerning critic.  Though I must admit I tend to order the Schweizer Schnitzel, which has Ham and Emmanthaler cheese under the breading.We've had the desserts in the past and the Strudel is very memorable, as well as the german chocolate cake.Maybe this year we'll make it out for their actual Oktoberfest celebration, we've been meaning to go for years.When I think of glendale I don't think of Germans, but this place makes me more and more want to take a vacation to Germany.
3	Last Thursday I had the pleasure of joining a bunch of Yelpers at a UYE here.  I had not been here in over 10 years and they have move East on Glendale a bit since then.  At that time they were out of sauerbraten so they served us a stew of sorts that wasn't on the menu and I remember it being quite good and large plates of food.I still desired to try their sauerbraten so that is what I ordered.  It comes with a potato dumpling, gravy, and red cabbage.  I expect a piece of beef marinated for three days to not require a knife to cut and to have some flavor of it's own before dowsing it in gravy, and sauerbraten I have had before met this.  This one to me was quite chewy and the gravy too sweet.  Gravy is one of those things that just because I think it is too sweet doesn't make it bad or improperly made, it just didn't suit my taste.  If I had liked the gravy better it would have improved my image of the dumpling which, without gravy, was sort of tasteless.  The red cabbage was just as I expected and have had before.Now that I have grumbled about my meal.  I got a bite of a big pretzel two of which the restaurant comped us.  I thought it was a bit salty but overall a very pleasant surprise.  I chose to try mine with butter.  The bread pudding was delicious, I chose the small size and it was easily enough for two to share, but I ate it all anyway. :-)  All of this food was washed down with a good tasting Spaten lager.  The service was pretty good, especially for our large group.  And they were willing to split the checks, which even with a party of about 18 did not have the mandatory added gratuity, although I doubt if anybody in our party tipped less than 18% because they was nothing wrong with the service to warrant a poor tip.  The owner didn't introduce himself but he did make a couple of appearances on the patio to see how things were going.I could easily be enticed to come back to the patio and enjoy a beer.  I think I would opt for one of the appetizers like a pretzel or the potato pancakes to soak the beer up with.
4	10/01Had dinner with a group of yelp friends.  Thanks to Jim W. for organizing yet another fun event!  The weather was perfect and made for a relaxing dinner out in the patio.  For dinner, I ordered the Krakauer Wurst, a spicy beef and pork sausage with a crispy sausage casing ("spicy" and "crispy" were the keywords in my choosing this dish!) platter, which included German fried potatoes, sauerkraut, and a bowl of chicken and cabbage soup ($9.95).  I would order this dish again!  Loved the spiciness and textures of the sausage (would I be able to enjoy trying out the other non-spicy dishes if I decide not to order the Krakauer on my next visit??), and the fried potatoes were very good- of course, I only ate the crispiest of the bunch.  I've been avoiding cabbage for many months now, but after sampling a taste of it tonight, I had to have more :)  I didn't taste the soup- that came home with me for my roomie to enjoy- but a few others received it with their meals, and the aroma was intoxicating!  BTW, I was also handed some horseradish on the side as part of the platter, but the sausage was spicy enough that I didn't need it.For dessert, I ordered a slice of the German chocolate cake ($6.95?)- four layers of cake iced with homemade whip cream, cherry jam with cherries, and almond slivers coating one side.  A dollop of fresh whip cream placed beside it just added a little more sweetness to this lovely meal's end.  I would also order this confection again =)I almost forgot!  Haus Murphy was gracious enough to offer two complimentary pretzels for the table.  While I had only a couple of small twists, I really enjoyed them!  I will surely order this on my next visit!
5	I attended a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) here and I have to say that Haus Murphy's pretty much wowed all 20 or so of us!It has taken me over a week to get to the review.  I was still reflecting on the German meatloaf, red cabbage and Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen.How do you say, "Damn that was good!" in German?  I have new found respect for German cuisine thanks to Chef Hoffman (not sure about the spelling there).The fubar of Yelpers (I am pretty sure that is the correct term for a large gathering of Yelpers) dined on the patio which is a great space.  Service was very good throughout the meal.There was quite a bit of sharing going on and although I don't remember everything I tried, it was all really good.It was great to see so many friends and meet some new Yelpers like Norm!
4	So after my first taste of German cuisine ('cause Weinerschnitzel doesn't count) I emailed my American friend living in Germany to ask if they really have any fruits and vegetables in Germany. Deep fried chicken, three types of sausage, German potato salad... Does red cabbage really count as a vegetable?  I'm not a big fan of sausage but I'm guessing the veal sausage is a little bland compared to what you might be able to find at a German Deli.  The chicken fried chicken was AMAZING and I highly recommend either that dish or the pork chop. I also thought the pretzel was worth coming back for.  I did not brave any German beer, but the house iced tea was fresh.  The wait staff was a bit overattentive, but better that than under attentive, yes? My American German friend was annoyed that I ate every German Food Stereotype for dinner. But since I'm not going to Germany anytime soon, I guess Haus Murphy's will do. He did confirm, however, that they DO have healthy food and fruits and vegetables there. ;)
1	after seeing a worker actually flossing her teeth in the kitchen.............................no thanks, not a place I'll go back to - shame after the praise it got on Triple D
5	I've been meaning to make it out to Haus Murphy's for a long time, but it is just so far away from the East Valley where I live. Then when I saw it featured on a re-run of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, I decided I needed to make a trip. So today when I was in the neighborhood, I decided to swing by to re-live the good old days I spent in Austria and Germany.I stopped in for lunch and had the Paprika Schnitzel with German Potato Salad. It tasted exactly as I remember it from Germany and Austria. The service was prompt and thorough (Thanks, Tara!), and the atmosphere took me back. - A little slice of Germany in old-town Glendale.
4	3 stars for food4 stars for everything elseWe wanted to try something new and so we decided to try this place.  First of all, I love the fact that they have plenty of free parking; even on a Sat night.  The restaurant is actually much larger than I thought with the huge back room where we were seated.  Since it is a German restaurant, we were ready to try their beer but didn't have a clue as to which one...our waitress took delivery of bringing us samples to see which one we favor.  That was very nice of her.  After ordering the beer, we had the imported pretzel, Paprika Schnitzel, Sauerbraten.  *Pretzel = YUM!  It was crusty on the outside and very chewy inside.*Paprika Schnitzel = very much like Japanese cutlet.  Not as flavorful..*Sauerbraten = we tried it because we heard that it takes 4 days.  Honestly, the only thing we could taste was the thick sauce, the meat was kinda tough, and the pasta was bland.  On the upside, I liked the red cabbage.Overall, it was a great experience with live German music, great beer and pretzel.  But would we go back?...probably not.*Ambiance = Wonderful!  It doesn't really feel like AZ.*Food = mediocre...we prefer more flavor*Area = good.  in the middle of old town Glendale.*Service = great.  we had a wonderful waitress who took very good care of us.
3	Went to Haus Murphy's with some friends from work and a few other people, most of them a lot more enthusiastic than I about going to a German restaurant. I can't give this a useful review because I don't like most German food, and don't drink beer much anymore. So I'll give you what I can. My 3 stars are because, in all fairness, the place is just that, A-OK. It was the same weekend as the Glendale  Chocolate Affaire, so the place was packed and service was a little slow, but we were seated fairly quickly and received very good service considering how busy the place was. We were seated in the outdoor patio, originally right in the freaking sun, but they quickly realized we were not happy, and moved us to another table as soon as one opened up, in the shade.The whole table started with a giant pretzel and a bread basket. The pretzel was very obviously made there - it wasn't from a box of frozen "Super Pretzels" like the ones at the ballpark. And it wasn't oily or covered in a bunch of melted butter either. Just wonderful! Warm, toasty on the outside and soft on the inside but not "doughy" either. It was the highlight of my meal, to be truthful.  The bread basket included alternating slices of rye and pumpernickel bread. I tried the rye, though I know that I don't like rye bread, so I don't know why I did that. Eh.My friend and I shared a Bartlett Pear Black Forest Sandwich, which actually turned out to be pretty tasty. It was Black Forest ham, with julienned pieces of pear, fresh baby spinach, some mild cheddar cheese and a "walnut spread" that just tasted like mayonaisse. The bread looked like a ciabbata but maybe it wasn't. The side dish was either French Fries or German Fried Potatoes... we went with fries. Everyone else got chicken schnitzel, which was a chicken breast pounded to be really thin, breaded and then baked or fried (couldn't tell), and then covered with a thick white gravy. The side was German fried potatoes. From where I was sitting, it really just looked like lumpy mashed potatoes with a lot of butter.And everyone but me had something alcoholic to drink. One friend had a riesling wine, everyone else got either an Oktoberfest or some other German beer - wish I could tell ya, but I really didn't pay attention. They all liked their choices, though.The prices were not too bad. For example, our sandwich/fries was $8.95, the giant pretzel was $5.00 (i would have paid more than that for that pretzel!)Overall, it was not as horrible an experience as I thought it was going to be, and I think the pretzel and sandwich saved me from just sitting there drinking water and watching everyone else eat. Would I go back there? Probably not - it's a long, LONG drive from where I live, and I wouldn't drive that far even for that great pretzel. However, if you live near there, or you just really like German food and beer, this might be a place to check out if you haven't already. Like I said, my review may not be very useful!
5	Stumbled upon this place while driving to the Chocolate Festival. My husband was thrilled as he LOVES German food. We decided to have lunch here after checking out the festival.Being a lovely warm and sunny day we decided to sit outside....which is very cool...nicely decorated, big picnic tables and plenty of sunlight.I ordered the Hackbraten (German Meatloaf) which was very good, the mashed potato and red cabbage were superb! With this I of course had to try a German beer.....I asked the waiter what he would recommend, he asked what type of beer I like and I said usually the darker ones...he recommended the Franziskaner Dunkel - an unfiltered dark wheat beer, dark roasted malt with a smoky roasted grain finish .... a great recommendation as it was just perfect with my meal.My husband who is constantly craving Weisswurst Sausages was finally at peace having found it on the menu. He insisted I try some of his and said it would melt in my mouth....wow!...it actually does melt in your mouth....delicious. Our waiter was awesome as he knew everything on the menu so he was very helpful as well as very friendly and a great photographer! Everything you need in a waiter : )The German music playing in the background was really festive and added to the great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!
5	Being German, I'm always on the lookout for a good German restaurant. I'm always skeptical of reviews because you never know if it's someone who never had German food, someone who's been to Germany once and thinks only the food they tried was authentic, or real Germans who are biased towards their regional tastes. My opinion is that the food here is usually great but can be hit or miss. Be sure you are prepared to spend some time at the here. It's not a place to stop in for a "quick" bite for dinner.  Oktoberfest is a blast at this location and I try not to miss it. They've had the same band flown in from Germany the last few years and they are a riot.
3	3.5 stars Went with a large group for a birthday party. We had two of the long tables in the back. Street parking only. Good luck finding a spot on a busy Friday or Saturday night. The decor: everything German. You feel like you are at grandma's with the mix matching plates and wooden chairs. Lots of cheesy German posters on the wall. The staff: very friendly. They close at 9 and we left close to 10. They were very nice about it and didn't kick us out. The server was willing to multiple checks for the couples in the goup. The service was a bit slow but it might have been because we were a big group. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu which was helpful.  food: everyone on Yelp raved about the big pretzel ($5) so we had to do it. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I think I had it  hyped up in my head that it did not meet the expectation. Others loved it. Also tried the stuffed mushrooms. Only 4 come in a an order for $10. That was disappointing but they were good. We got the veal sausage ($11) and the filet medallions ($16). My fiance loved his veal sausage and I only kind of liked my dinner. The brown sauce was pretty heavy and medallions were not med. rare as promised - more like medium. Every meal also comes with a soup. It was not so good but I like the concept. Maybe just not my taste. My meal also came with mashed potatoes (yum) and red cabbage (super yum). drink: the steins of beer were 1 liter. Translation - an S ton of beer for $8!
2	Whoa, totally don't understand the love for this place.  We met with a group over here and boy was I disappointed.  To begin, why doesn't Glendale have meters?  Why do I have to go out and move my car every two hours?  That makes it really hard to drink and sober up without drinking and driving if I have to go out and move my car to a new spot every 120 minutes.  That's not Haus Murphy's fault but it is something that will deter me from going out there to drink.  So we get in there and our waitress is awesome enough.  She is friendly, responsive, and helpful.  In fact, I want that waitress to come with me to some other restaurants (looking at you Fez) and show them how it should be done.  In any event, she was great and the only saving grace of this establishment.Now on to the bad food.  I'm not German, never been to Germany, and my German culinary knowledge is limited to Milwaukee Brewers' baseball games.  That being said, food either tastes good or it doesn't.  I had the Wullwurst sausages.  They came out looking like fried Twinkies and tasted about the same.  No spice, no real flavor, and surrounded by a tough skin.  They were flanked by some purple cabbage that was unedible and some German potato salad that was some of the nastiest mush I've ever had.  Apparently unsatisfied by this gluttonous torture that I had already endured, I ordered the German chocolate cake.  Now, I know this isn't an actual German food but it looked good and I thought they might go all out with it.  Nope, again - not good.  Flavorless.  I was basic chocolate cake with a thin layer of coconut on top and some Betty Crocker frosting on the outside.  Sorry but this place was just not good and I will not be back.
2	Ugh, I would really like to like this place. Getting to the location is awful, traffic is painfully slow since there are no left turn signals on the main street. Parking was okay since it was Saturday afternoon, but having to re-park every two hours kinda sucked and the food was bland!! I have been to Germany, and all the dishes I had there were flavorful, and yummy...but this place? bland and embarrassing. I met a group there to play board games and the staff was so nice and great! But the turkey sandwich with horseradish mayo was dry and gross. I ordered it thinking the mayo would throw me off but "hey, it's a German restaurant, let's give it a whirl" I couldn't even taste the special mayo! My homemade sandwiches have more flavor than this one. I ordered the apple strudel hopeful for some redeeming quality to compliment the great service...0-2, again like the Compass Restaurant, the best thing about the dessert was the sliver dollar shot of whip cream. This place was so accommodating and fun to hang out at, with really nice service...but I wish I could have something nice to say about the food.
2	I certainly don't understand the hype over this place.  That's strike 2 for you Guy Fieri (#1 is Chino Bandido, bleh).  The layout of this restaurant is very strange, but I kind of like that they separate the large groups from the smaller groups of diners.  The staff, especially our server, was extremely accommodating and put up with our certainly frustrating antics of playing board games on the dinner table.  I was pretty hungry when we got here, so i decided to order something on the heavier side and went with the gnocchi.  The gnocchi were lightly pan fried and then drowned in a ridiculously rich cheese/cream sauce and sprinkled with chunks of pancetta and a handful of wild mushrooms.  The mushrooms tasted really weird for some reason and the sauce was too tangy.  It just didn't complement the dish the way it should have.  I did however, eat every last bit of pancetta.  Yum!  I saw a slice of German Chocolate Cake (no, it is not German in the least bit) being served to someone at another table and I gave the puppy dog eyes until we ordered it.  It came out looking rather impressive, but it went down tasting rather dull.  It was dry and lifeless and the only good part, the coconut pecan icing, was severely lacking.Well, I won't be back here, especially after most of my companions were less than enthused with their meals instead.  Oh well, I guess that will make everyone else happy.
5	I would probably give this 4 1/2 stars may be even five.  This place is fantastic.  For those who have traveled to Germany - this is the place to go that will bring back all your favorite memories.  First I have to give them kudos for having authentic German beer (my favorite is about 4th or 5th, a wheat beer that is a little darker than a hefenweizen).  Both times I have gone we had the potato pancakes - these are a bite of greatness.  Also the schnitzel is wonderful, I recommend the Paprika schnitzel.  Dessert - bread pudding is delicious!! I would highly recommend this place.   Specially to people who can appreciate German food, beer, and flavors.
5	What a neat place in downtown Glendale.  It really doesn't get any more authentic.  And if it does, let me know!  From our server, to our food, to our drinks, everything was great.  Don't go here, and expect to not get real German and then complain that it didn't taste the way you would have wished..  I read a few reviews of this place, and I think it's funny that people complain about the food.. What do you expect?  It's not going to be your traditional American fare..  That's my rant.  I'll stop now..I had the gulash and it was yummi.  i also tried the chicken schnitzel and some sausage and it was all really good.  The paprika soup was great, and the bread basket was also delicious.  I ordered a potato dumpling, and I didn't like it at all!   My only complaint.There were some guys playing an accordian and a tuba outside, and all the wait staff dresses in German attire.Fun fun night!
5	Here is why this gets the Five Starts:1. Independently owned with the owners actually there working2. Authentic German Food done VERY well3. Amazing staff that understand the menu and doesn't make fun of you for pronouncing anything wrong.4. LARGE outdoor bier garden in historic downtown Glendale5. Das Boot - You can get a real German bier in a large Glass Boot.6. Best from scratch pretzel you could ever dream of. The overall atmosphere is one that is just fun and very different from anything else I've found in the Valley.
5	Schnitzel, Spatzle, and Pretzel oh my! Did I mention beer too? These are just a few of the reasons I love (and you will too) Haus Murphy's. Set in Old Town Glendale one may not think to look for this gem. I recommend the Jager Schnitzel: Mushrooms in brown gravy with a delightful piece of fried pork....hungry yet? My husband swears by the sausages, and beer served here. I agree with him on the beer...You are allotted a GIANT beer (if so desired, and frankly who wouldn't desire this?) with lovely flavor. The staff is friendly and helpful. Check this one out! Zer Goot!
3	Haus Murphy's is A-OK in my book!  I've been here twice now and have had fun both times.  The first time our group of four walked in the front entrance we thought we were in the wrong place.  There was no bar area in sight and who are we kidding, we were there to drink!.  The kind staff member let us know the bar area was down the long hallway, past the bathrooms.  Ah-ha, that is more what we were expecting.  There is also a nice patio area on the side that allows for direct access to the bar area.Speaking of the bar, the boots of beer are a great picture opportunity.  I'm not sure who the model was for the boot, but that person had some very round calf muscles and very tiny ankles.  Also, when the beer in the boot gets low, drink with the toes to the side so that it doesn't bubble up in your face while you're drinking.The appetizers are great to split with a big group.  The Sausage Sampler is one of my favorites for snacking; served with sauerkraut and mustard . . . YUM!  Other good choices include the stuffed mushrooms and soft pretzel.Also, for you 24 fans, I think that Jack Bauer's older brother works behind the bar.  Nice guy!
3	While I'm a fan of downtown Glendale I think this place fares a little above average in my book.  I'd put it between 3 to 4 stars but not near the upper half of that range.  I've been here several times and I feel like I'm trying to like the place during each visit.  I don't think that is a great sign, some places I can walk into and already know that the restaurant is a hit.Things I did like was the nice looking decor, homey feeling, and the beer choices.  I also like the location smack dab in the middle of downtown and it's right across the street from an American Recovery project that is sprucing up an alleyway to make the area more appealing to pedestrians.  I'd like to see what this looks like when the project is finished.Things I didn't like was the food, which is nothing to brag about.  The flavors are ok, but nothing to make me say wow that was a great meal.  Another thing, I know the place is supposed to look old, but it's on the verge of looking run down and dirty.  A little extra cleaning and maybe a few upgrades would change this opinion of mine.Haus Murphy is still a great choice for experiencing a German restaurant here in the valley.  This place has much more potential to be a complete hit.
4	#WVFN rolled in to Haus Murphy's last night.For starters, they have proper 32oz glasses, so they're already a hit in my book.Started the eating part of the night with a couple giant pretzels.Giant is correct; the thing was as big as my head! And big, puffy, salty, and delicious! With the brown mustard, it was definitely a hit!We ordered the Bauernplatte, which is listed as a combo for two, but handily accommodated three of us.The schnitzel was delicious, the german fried potatoes were delicious, bratwurst was ok.I avoided the red cabbage because I'm not a fan, but the other diners stated it was fantastic.Beer:Weihenstephan Hefeweizen was everything a wheat beer should be; rich and full-bodied, but not too heavy, with a very light citrus attribute.Franziskaner Weissbier was phenomenal! Delicious, rich, perfect.Franziskaner Dunkel was superb.Can't wait to sample the remainder of their selections.The live music was really awesome.They have a nice patio, with misters, so even in the summer it should be pleasant.I would never have guessed a place like this existed in Glendale. Now that I'm aware of its existence, I will certainly try to return.
5	My first time tour of historic Glendale was interupted when I stepped into the beer garden to enter this charming German restaurant!  I felt like I was at a German grandmother's home.  The decor was quaint and Bavarian, which I know from having spent time in Bavaria, and Munich for Oktoberfest!The waitress we had was so helpful, we asked what she would order, and she shared her faves, amongst them which I enjoyed were the stuffed mushroom apps, and the Pear Bratten Sandwich, so yummy!  You can mix the sweet of fruit with the savory that lies within this yummy sandwich.  I chose fries as the side, and they were really yummy, unlike regular fries showing up at most restaurants.  I enjoyed the Spaten Lager, the small still made a large beer for me, but I was in Bavarian heaven today!  Our lunch was 2 hours, it was so comfortable to just sit, enjoy chit chat, the food, and not feel rushed to leave, as would be the case being invited into a German home for lunch.  Danke Schoen Haus Murphy's, we will meet again!
2	I was soooo excited to hear about a German Restaurant in Arizona. After visiting Berlin and Franfurt for a week, I absolutely fell in love with German food. While the service was great and prices were decent, the food was not as exciting as I thought it would be. For an appetizer, we ordered the stuffed mushrooms. This was a great start to the meal because they were great. Possibly the best stuffed mushrooms I have ever had. Cream Sauce was amazing and the shredded sweet potato on top was a nice touch. That, along with my beer, were the best parts of the meal I would say. For dinner I chose the bratwurst with sour kraut and German potato salad, and my husband chose the paprika schnitzel with wersing and German fried potato's. Both of us had the soup of the day as well which was cream of mushroom. The soup was decent although it could have used a bit more salt. My meal was ok but comparing this to similar meals in Germany, I felt it was kinda boring and lacking. Also, the curry ketchup I ordered was not what I expected. Curry Ketchup in Germany is a lot like BBQ sauce in taste. The stuff I got at Haus Murphy's just didn't taste right to me. It tasted like ketchup with a curry aftertaste. Anyways, my husband did not like his paprika schnitzel at all. The flavor also seemed a bit odd. If you don't like curry, do not order this dish! The fried potato's were mediocre (kinda boring). The wursing, on the other hand, was very good. I think its because it had the same cream sauce as what was in the mushrooms. After dinner, we decided on bread pudding for dessert. This dessert definitely needed some work. There was not enough spice in it so it tasty like nothing more than bread soaked in eggs most of the time eating it. In any event, Haus Murphy's wasn't bad. I am rating it based on whether I would continue to go there and since I am in Maricopa and its in Glendale, the food would have to be spectacular to make me want to come back. Unfortunately, only a couple of small portions were close to being spectacular which I am not sure make it worth the time, effort, and money to return again.
5	AUTHENTIC German cuisine in a funky, artsy area.  We really had a nice family dinner that night on our Scottsdale area vacation, and we have Guy Fieri's show to thank for the idea, and Haus Murphy's staff to thank for the experience.  My Husband lived in Germany during his time in the military, so this was a step back in time and memories of the cooking he used to enjoy from a neighbor when he lived off-base.  For our Son and I, it was just an enjoyable night out to eat at a restaurant we would not likely have known about had the place not been featured on Diner's, Drive-In's, and Dives on the Food Network.  Don't shy away from the dark beers - the staff can help you make the choices.  The ambiance is a step back in time, but in a good way.  The staff is jovial and seems genuinely pleased by people who appreciate their food.  This is a must-stop if you're in the Phoenix area.  It was an easy drive from Scottsdale, and we would go back in a heartbeat.
5	Beer lover's rejoice. Weihenstephan on tap. Dank sausage. All homemade and delicious.
2	Im sure this place is better... however per circumstance I have to rate it poorly.  We showed up about 8:15 dodging construction and Glendale night walking folk to a fairly empty restaurant. Waited to be seated for 5 minutes and grabbed a couple menus to pass the time... Anyways, first thing the bearded, long haired, and very german waiter has to say to me is that the kitchen is closed. The hours stated they were open till 9. Either way, the onion soup could have been good if it was hot, as well as my knockwurst. My fiance got the chicken schnitzel and it was pretty good. I have worked in the industry and would have rather had them tell me to come back another time than recieve half ass food and service.
5	I love this place -- for some reason, German food doesn't seem to have quite the draw of, say, Italian, but I think that's because most people haven't tried the real thing. Haus Murphy's does it right. If you're worried about whether you'll enjoy German cuisine, don't be. The chicken schnitzel with white wine sauce is an excellent place to start (if you need one -- if you don't, it's still delicious). Give it a try!
4	A pretty good German place. Zany culture mixed with a few American icons and a (usually) pretty blizzard music selection makes this a fun and unique atmosphere. Liter beer steins and German sausages are plentiful here, how could you go wrong?
5	My dad and I found this place last March when on the way to a spring training game. Liters of Hofbrau on tap...? CHECK!  Took one bite of the schnitzel and it was like I was 6 years old again at grandmas house.  Amazing! We came back a few days later, amazing food again. Get the sourkraut cake!Do yourself a favor and put this place on your weekly dinner list. If I lived in Phoenix area, I know I would!
4	If this is what all German food tastes like, then consider me a fan.I was in Phoenix to celebrate my birthday with family, and we sort of found our way here by accident.  The decor is very charming -- as though a group of German grandmothers decided to put up every picture frame and knick knack they had -- and the service is prompt and very pleasant.  For starters, we the pastry-wrapped brie with lingonberry jelly -- a HUGE hit with the family.  The pastry crust was crisp, the brie melty and gooey, and the lingonberry jelly served as the perfect sweet complement to the cheesey, savory flavors.  Even my sister, whom I consider a pretty picky eater, loved it.For the main course, it was schnitzel all around!  My mom ordered the Schweizer Schnitzel (pork wrapped in Emmentaler cheese and ham), which she really liked, but wished she had ordered a sauce to come with it.  My sister had the Paprika Schnitzel, which was actually a lot sweeter than she had expected, but again, very tasty.  I had the Holstein Schnitzel (fried egg, anchovies, and capers), which was everything I had hoped it would be.  Dad changed things up by ordering the Beef Roulades, which he simply could not stop eating.  I don't even remember him talking while food was on his plate, to be honest.  I ordered a litre of the Hefeweizen they had on tap in hopes that I'd get the infamous glass boot, but unfortunately they were saving all the boots for the upcoming Oktoberfest, and so I just got a huge regular-shaped glass instead.  I'm not really a big beer drinkers, and so without the novelty of the boot glass, downing that much beer wasn't as much fun as I'd wanted (especially since I was the only one drinking), but I don't fault them for that policy.  I'll just have to go back some other time!  All in all, a very good, fulfilling meal.  A very cute restaurant nestled in a charming area of old Glendale, Haus Murphys is a refreshing escape.
3	I ate beets.  How great is that!I hate beets.Quality vs QuantityQuality vs Server KnowledgeTough call on the rating.Food taste was terrific thoughout.German salad (included beets), soup with meal and sauerbraten.All tasty.The beets on the German salad were very tasty and I hate beets.Server knowledge - I just had a beet epiphany and asked how they were prepared.  Shrug - they are beets.  Another person who brought my main course to the table equally clueless.Bean soup included with the meal - delicious.Sauerbraten, red cabbage and spaetzle very tasty.However- barely ate lunch in anticipation of a beefy dinner.2 thin slices of sauerbraten.  Seriously?Sauerbraten should be a hearty meal, not a deli slice.4 stars with a nod to a reasonable amount of meat.5 stars if the waiter knew a few details about the food.Return -  the schnitzels did sound awful good...........
4	Went here for a friend's birthday. Great place for long tables, being able to hear everyone with the option of fun live accordian music as well. Excellent beers, and yummy food. Heat lamps outdoors which was great but by the end of the night we were trying to steal them surrounding tables. Be prepared if sitting outdoors!
4	As I walked the streets of downtown Glendale, the Oom-Pah music wafting down the alleyways let me know what I was in for: GOOD TIMES.You really could come here just to drink.There's a full-fledged beer garden outdoors on the side of the restaurant where a band was set up, playing traditional polka which goes great with beers. Even though we're in the desert it was pretty chilly out there so we opted to stay indoors. Bring a sweater just in case.Vegetarians beware! You're not gonna find much to eat here. We ordered the stuffed mushrooms (stuffed with meat, of course) as an appetizer, the bauernplatte combo, a GIANT BEER (a one liter mug of their darkest, the Optimator), and for dessert, a slice of black forest cake. oh, and some GOOD TIMES.We came real hungry and the portions did not disappoint. The stuffed mushrooms were not only pretty to look at, they were also huge and very delicious. I could see someone ordering this appetizer and making it a meal just by itself. Not having been here before, or properly indoctrinated into German cuisine, my wife and I decided that the combo for two would be a good start: spicy bratwurst (my fave), German bratwurst (also good!), weisswurst (least fave), a kassler kotelett (fried and flavorful) and some pork schnitzel, with (THE BEST) sauerkraut, red cabbage (so good!), fried potatoes (yes!) and some German potato salad (YES!) on the side. Like I said, we were hungry, and managed to put a dent into little over half that platter. Our server initially brought me out the wrong beer, which was sorta funny because I had asked him for a recommendation, and it had to have passed through his head as he was lugging this huge mug to my table. I did taste it before I sent it back, and it was good, but when the Optimator showed up, all was right with the world (I kind of get excited when I walk into a place and there's beers on tap that I haven't tried, and even more so when they turn out to be amazing)! To finish the meal off we thought, "Ah, what the hell," and split a piece of the black forest cake, which was pretty good, but next time I wanna try the strudel. Haus Murphy's is an institution, and we will definitely be back with a full crew to put this place to the test. I don't think there's anywhere else quite like it in Arizona as far as the menu, the ambiance, the fantastic beers, and the aforementioned GOOD TIMES.
5	Haus Murphy's is fabulous in so many ways that I can really only hit the highlights here. Even if German food isn't your favorite (I dislike saurkraut and cabbage), the service and food is great.The service was wonderful. I was almost 2 hours earlier than my friends, so I used a table in the bier garden to do some work on my computer (with my own mobile hotspot. . . Haus Murphy's does not have wi-fi). The entire staff made me feel welcome as a sipped a wonderful German beer and did some work.My friends showed up, we had great dinners, and then we continued on to Glendale Glitters. If I'm able to make it over to Glendale from my home in Mesa for Glendale Glows in January, I will certainly stop in Haus Murphy's. Authentic German or not (I've never been to Germany, my friends of mine who have seemed to really enjoy the food too), this place is worth the visit. Enjoy!
4	I can't say I eat German everyday or would even think to find a German place.  I have to say, I was glad my son and I stopped in and ate.  Great service and good food!  I will stop in again next time I go down to the downtown Glendale area.
3	Haus Murphy's is fun place place to go for German meals and it has a lot of fans.  I found them to be a little dated with their decor and their food is usually cooked well done or over cooked.  Their service is A~OK.Food feedback:Apps ~ Sausage Sampler, Bratwurst/Krakauerwurst served over a bed of homemade Sauerkraut is tasty! Potato Cakes,  served with a side of Apple Sauce and sour cream was a bit overcooked very dry. The Giant Bavarian Pretzel Imported 10oz. salted Pretzel is highly over rated and was not cooked evenly. Meals ~ Their beef & pork sausages are all served over their homemade sauerkraut with German potato Salad or fries.Bier Bratwurst - Beef-Pork Sausage is good.German Bratwurst - Pork Sausage is bland.Krakauer Wurst - Polish spicy Beef-Pork Sausage is awesome! Their Schnitzel's are good but again overcooked at times. I preferred their Steak Schnitzel topped with a Gorgonzola cheese and Roasted Onion Sauce.  Served with German Fried Potatoes and Bacon Roasted Green Beans. Beers~Spaten Lager or Weihenstephan Hefeweizen are best, you cant go wrong here.
3	Came here for dinner yesterday night. It was quite a quiet night...most shops were already closed on the street and it was only 7pm. The restaurant was nicely lit so it wasn't hard to find.We tried the Bauernplatte - Combo for two. So basically it has a little bit of everything on the menu...pretty good choice if you want to try everything they serve in one sitting. hehe So the combo plate included three types of bratwurst, pork schnitzel (which is a flat piece of pork, breaded and fried), kassler kotelett ( which is porkchop), German fried potatoes, German potato salad, red cabbage and sauerkraut. I liked all three types of bratwurst, but the most tasty of them all is the kassler kotelett. This pork chop is very different from any kind of pork chop I have had...usually pork chops are pretty rough and not very flavorful...but this pork chop is very moist and flavorful...sorta taste like ham. This was my bf and my favorite out of the sampler. The pork schnitzel wasn't that good because there was no sauce and it was a bit bland. I wasn't a fan of the potato salad because it was sour...not a fan of the red cabbage or the sauerkraut but the German fried potatoes were tasty. The beer according to my bf has a different taste and is slightly stronger than American beer. The service was really good - - the waitress was very friendly and sweet.Overall, I liked the food, atmosphere and service. =]
5	Greatest German Food in Arizona.I feel a little jet lagged, I've just come from Germany, but no jet lag here, I was eating at Haus Murphy in Downtown Glendale and thought I was in Germany. Great place, don't miss eating here, or you will miss a real treat.
5	Awesome German food, little pricey but the best German food I've found in Phoenix. If you need German food you need to go here.
4	Been here twice in alittle over a month. My girl favorite cake is German Chocolate so I took her there just for that on Valentine's day after we had dinner someplace else. She loved it and said it's probably the best German Chocolate she's had. So we went back there again today and we had just the cake again. She still said its the best she's had and I have to agree its very moist and just sweet enough. And they actually give u a good slice for the price compared to other places that give u a tiny sliver. One of these days we are going to actually have to try the food there. But for now whenever we want some German Chocolate Cake. This is our spot.
2	Nice atmosphere , a lot of German in this place. However the food was a disappointment. Beef Roulade was tasty, but meat was dry. Weiner Schnitzel was a dried out slab of meat, breaded and possibly laying on a plate in the kitchen for a while. Precooked and then reheated. Not freshly fried for sure. No additional lemon based gravy, made for a super dried out experience. Potatoes were too mushy. Apfel Strudel was very good, but obviously over hot from a microwave 'heat-up' before serving.  We don't need to go back. We did love the accordian and tuba players, they were great!  PS, I am German and I know my german food!
4	Amazing food.  Drove 90 miles round trip just to eat here.  Very quick friendly service.  Will be back for sure
3	Not much omm pa pa in this German restaurant. Ach du lieber. My dad was career military and our family was stationed in Heidelberg, Germany for several years, while I was a teenager. I was fortunate for many things, among them the ability to enjoy a wide variety of tasty and authentic German foods. I miss the German comfort food from my youth. That's why I was so excited to hear about Haus Murphy. Not only is it located nearby, in the Phoenix area, it has also been featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives - so it must be good, right? Well, actually, not so much. I ordered the Schweizer Schnitzel, pork loin with sliced ham and cheese. Sounds scrumptious, but was actually a bit dry and I'm not sure I could have detected the ham and cheese unless I knew it was (supposed to be) there. My husband had the Chicken Schnitzel with white wine mushroom sauce. Even though I'd never heard of chicken being made into a schnitzel, it was better than mine. Entrees include a side of German potatoes and also Wirsing (creamed cabbage) both good. In addition, we ordered a side of red cabbage (great) and also spatzle noodles (fair). The live omp pah band had good intentions, but was so loud it disturbed the customers.  I heard one customer ask the waiter to please move the band away from their table because it was making for an unpleasant dining experience.Overall, nothing horrible, nothing great, I won't be returning.
3	Had a quick lunch here today (alas, didn't try the beer, things to do later...).  Overall, not too bad at all.  Service was courteous and competent.  Hostess and server alike were warm and pleasant.Atmosphere was pretty cool.  Walk in through a neat little beer garden/patio area (could see where this place would be great at night) into a very National Lampoon's European Vacation-like decor.  Clean, but not fancy (our bread plates were clearly from two different sets of china (one plain, one with elaborate printing)).  Overall very inviting and comfortable.  Our table was against the window facing Glendale Ave, so one could do some people watching...Food was solid.  Started with simple potato pancakes w/ apple sauce and sour cream.  They were nicely seasoned and tasty, but probably frozen (nothing wrong with restaurants serving packaged food by the way... as long as it's good).  My wife had the chicken schnitzel which came out crisp-but-not-too-heavy on the outside and moist/tender on the inside.  The mushroom/wine sauce wasn't great, but wasn't horrible either.  I had a Big Griller (a rather phallic-looking footlong bratwurst served over sauerkraut.  It was quite yummy.  Strangely, the menu says "Great with Curry Ketchup", but it didn't come with any nor were we offered...   Just thought it was weird.The price was very reasonable and overall a pleasant meal.  Not necessarily a place I'd drive to regularly, but if in the area, definitely worth a stop.
2	First of all I want to make sure to mention that the service was fantastic and that I could not have asked for a more polite and professional service.Haus Murphy's food is okay at best and honestly I would not choose to return for dinner or lunch. I ordered the cheese-spread as an appetizer and the rye-bread that came with it was dry and old. The Jaegerschnitzel and the fried postatoes were okay, but the corn chowder was absolutely terrible. If you are looking for a fun place to have a beer, this would be a good place to go, but dinner or lunch I would not recommend at Murphy's Haus.
4	My wife and I got a chance to come here on a saturday night. We sat on the patio and there was 2 guys playing music. Pretty loud.We ordered a big azz pretzel that was great and my wife couldnt stop talking about it for days afterwards. It was the best pretzel ever.They do take there time bringing out the food and getting the check, so plan on being there for awhile. We ordered a schnitzel, the swiss style one. Its kind of like a corden on bleu but with pork and it has some very suttle flavors, nothing over powers anything.We would definitly go back and if you do go, make sure you get a pretzel
4	After a long cross country journey, this was our last stop on our way home. It ended up being the highlight of all the resturaunts. I had the saurbraten and absolutely loved it. Staff was great
4	Im sad to read the bad reviews... I dig this place.  As with many places Im sure that they have the occasional misfire, but all in all they really do serve a mean schnitzel.  I don't know why anyone would go there and order anything but sausage or schnitzel.... It's a German place, don't order a cheese plate or a pasta.The Hubby and I hit them up about every other week now that we live within walking distance. The beer is great - fantastic German options that are wicked hard to find on draft anywhere else in town.  The atmosphere is just okay, but the service has always been good... the sausage is YUMMY and the sauerbraten is to DIE for. All of their sides are tasty too - I've never lived in Germany, but the spatzle, wirsing, red cabbage and dumplings are UBER!Don't expect it to change your life, but go get your beer on- star with a sausage sampler and try something off the specials or schnitzel list.
3	I held off on this review, I was here on New Years Eve before heading to westgate and again this past week.  The service is fantastic, the beer is great, and the food, well that has become really hit or miss.I would love to 5 star this place because I grew up in the area and have been here dozens of times and it had been great.  But recent trips there have left me using the word "bland" a lot.  The pork schnitzel was flat out not good, and the spicy brat which was always one of my favorites here did not measure up either.  Worst of all, on my new years eve visit, they were "out" of the fried potatos and left us with average potato salad and french fries.I'll probably be back, because I go to many downtown Glendale events, and have a little sentimental value in this place...but I sure hope it steps back up.
4	The prager schnitzel was pretty good very tasteful. If you were to start trying German food its a great place to start. I would recommend it to the beginner and the intermediate, but not for the hardcore German food lover.
4	I had not had, or even thought about, red cabbage for many years. It was something we ate frequently at my grandma's house. So, I was very excited to see it on Haus Murphy's menu. And, it was as good as I remembered it.   We enjoyed all of the food, starting with the giant Bavarian pretzel.  The Wiener Schnitzel, Kraut Roulade, wirsing and sauerkraut were very flavorful and authentic.  The staff was very friendly and the service was good. All in all, we had a great experience and will definitely be back. We are looking forward to cooler weather so we can enjoy the outdoor beer garden!
5	Had a great time here.  Great food, excellent beer, and live polka!  Be sure to get the sausage and pretzel appetizers.
4	Wow. What a difference. I came here last year and was disgusted. Being German and moving to the USA as an adult I know how German food should taste like and this was an embarrassed.  Since this place was still better than the other German place (Black Forest) we decided to try it again.  What a pleasant surprise. The food was very tasty. So I realized why the change...they now  actually have a German chef instead of a non German chef  which they had for years. Also, the staff was very friendly and attentive and prices were great.   The only reason I gave 4 instead of five stars is b/c they did not offer a choice between soup or salad and just served Egg Drop Soup which was ok; however, on a hot summer evening I would have preferred a choice.  What an improvement!  We will be back.
4	"Fantastic German food" is what I have heard from EVERY person I know who's ever been here. I agree. Every plate I tried was impressive. They also have some great rare German beers.
3	Haus Murphy's was my first German food experience ever. The cuisine was OK but it isn't something I'd shove people down to get to. I went with a friend who lived in Germany for a bit and he said that Murphy's wasn't quite up to par. We ordered the sausage sampler as an appetizer. The sausages were tasty, but they were a bit cold. For something that is labeled a "sampler", I felt disappointed with only two types of sausages served in it. I don't know for sure what types they were, but they didn't taste unique to me, as it seems like you can purchase them in the meat section of any supermarket. The sausages were served with three types of condiments. A sweet style mustard, a Dijon style mustard, and ketchup blended with curry, which I'm told is a recent favorite of the German kids brought over from Turkish immigrants. For our entrees, we all had some type of schnitzel. That same friend told me to try the Wiener schnitzel as it is the representative item when you think of German cuisine. So all our schnitzel's came out and mine was the blandest. My friend's schnitzels had different gravies, toppings, and stuff and my poor little Wiener schnitzel was just bland and all alone. You have to get that Wiener schnitzel wet with gravy ! No biggie, I'm a foodie so I'll eat it. A schnitzel is basically German country fried pork. Not super exciting. I copied my friend who lived in Germany and substituted potatoes on the side for spatzle, as I wanted this experience to be as authentic as possible. I don't know if it's just Haus Murphy's, but the spatzle was kind of bland, even with the gravy. I do however like the word spatzle. If I ever visited Germany, I would only say spatzle, to everyone. I also liked the other thing that was served with the entree. It was kind of like a mashed potato mixed with some creme sauce, onions and some kind of green vegetable or herb (probably spinach). The beer here was good authentic German beer. I didn't get drunk, but I still don't remember what kind I had, you'll have to experiment. Service was excellent. I read some reviews that said Murphy's was slow but everything came out quickly and evenly for us. The waitress was very friendly and they spoke lovely German (not that I speak ANY German, but it sounded sexy). She was very helpful in describing everything, from the food to the beer.I ordered a BAP (big ass pretzel) to go. Philly is known for some pretty good pretzels and this BAP was good. It was expensive, but it came out warm, soft & chewy. The only thing is they went a little heavy on the salt. To steal and modify a quote from a Seinfeld episode: "That big ass pretzel made me thirsty"!  Note* They don't actually have it on the menu as a BAP.Would I return to Murphy's? Ehhh, yeah to try some of the other things, but I definitely can't see it as a place that I would be a regular at.
4	I really like Haus Murhpy's.  A little taste of Germany in the middle of downtown historic Glendale.  The huge homemade soft pretzel with mustard is a must have for an appetizer.  Great German beer choices.  They serve a wheat beer with no hops.  Being allergic to hops, it's nice to have that option.  They have several schnitzels to choose from and the saurbraten is greatt.  Everything on the menu is tasty.  You have to try the sauerkraut chocolate cake for dessert.  The sauerkraut makes it so moist.  Trust me.   This is comfort food.  You wont' find much in the way of diet foods here.  If that's what you're looking for, then you'll have to go elsewhere.  There are no gluten free items on the menu as far as I know.Otherwise, I think you'll love it.  Quaint and homey.
2	Not bad but I have had much better.Tried the combo plate with a sampling of various sausages, schnitzel, meatloaf and ham. The sausages and ham were the best part. Ham had a nice smoky flavor and was very tasty. They had a couple of dipping sauces including dijon mustard (from a bottle) and a curry ketchup that tasted like your bottled ketchup with curry powder.  Schnitzel was overcooked and dry and almost rubbery. Spatzel was watery and almost tasteless. Potatoes were very oily and not very flavorful. meatloaf was soft and spongy and packed with flavor but I have had much better.Overall - the things that were done right - sausage and ham - were very good but the  things that were not done as well were more of a dissapointment.
2	How hilarious that two stars is "Meh" because that famous phrase of Larry David's was how I was going to begin this review.The giant pretzel? So so, probably microwaved. The menu is fairly pedestrian- why is it so hard to find German food other than wursts, schnitzels, saurbraten, and the occasional rouladen? Oh yeah, the smoked pork chops too- the kassler whatever. There's so much more to German food.First course was a soup not congruous with a German eatery. I don't remember exactly what it was, some cream soup that should have been called cream of milk.My companion had a stew or goulash that was on offer that night. He liked it, but then again he's from St. Louis and thinks that Steak N Shake burgers are the shizzle.I had a sampler platter, don't remember what side dishes came with it, I believe they were generous and fairly tasty- not sublime, but tasty, albeit mostly forgettable. (If you read my other reviews you will note that I tend to remember everything I ordered and the subtle nuances thereof)I'd take a pass on Haus Murphy's, and that's sad, because they have a cute little biergarten and I like to support independent restaurateurs- a dying breed. Sigh.
5	Looking to surprise spouse while in Phoenix with good German. Of course, the Rouladen was not as good as her Mom's, but then again, I am sure there never will be one that competes with "Mom's."Other than competing with Mom's, the food and service were excellent.  The Rouladen, though not Mom's, was thoroughly enjoyed, the Brats, German potatoes, sauerbraten and spatzel were delicious. Desserts, wow!!  Got to try the sauerkraut cake - it's a chocolate lover's delight.
4	I love the live music and atmosphere on the patio.The service was good and so was the food. We gad potato pancakes and a pretzel for appetizers. The pretzel was fantastic and the potato pancakes were ok, but not as good as my grandmother's.I shared the combo for 2 with a friend. The sausage and ham were fab and the little salad was one of the best I have ever had. The ony thing we didn't like was the meatloaf type thing on the combo platter.The place cleared out pretty quicly Saturday night... By 9pm, people were packing up the patio.Overall, it was a great time. I only wish there were some more veggie options for sides.
3	I wasn't very impressed, but maybe German food isn't my thing?  Sorry I cannot provide more detail, but it was all pretty forgettable.
2	WARNING:  New chef.  I've been coming here happily for years.  First of all, most of the menu is gone, along with the dishes that kept me coming.  I decided to try something new, the Goulash.  Very disapointed.  Even the spatzel was not up to par.   When I expressed this to the waitress, a "gee I'm sorry" was the extent of the response as she walked away.   Beer was as good as ever, but not enough to overcome the disapointing food.
2	I wish I could give separate stars for food and service. This place was very busy when we walked in, as it was Glendale Glitters. We expected to wait for a table, but were pleased when we were seated immediately. We ordered the sampler for 2 and drinks. I also wanted a salad, and the sever told me it was $2, which seemed reasonable. Our drinks arrived, and we settled in to our outdoor seat. The German band was a nice touch, and the heaters kept us toasty. Our food arrived soon after we finished hubby's soup and my salad. As the food runner approached, time slowed down to slow motion. He almost slid the entire plate on my lap but, instead, he reached to balance the plate and knocked over my full soda. On my lap. On the cold patio. I was not angry about the spilled soda--I was a server forever, and these things happen. I could tell this kids was freaked out, and we felt bad for him. He grabbed some napkins, apologized profusely, and then almost took off when I asked him for a refill on soda. He brought me a refill, but left our table a complete mess. We cleaned up as much as we could, and covered the ice left on our table with a bunch of napkins. I was soaked and our table was trashed. Our server came over and brought more napkins, but did not clean up our table until prompted. Pretty strange. Also, we ordered a sampler type meal, and no one really told us what was what on the plate, so we didn't know what we were eating. The food was quite good. I can't really tell you what exactly it was, but it was a huge portion for us.   Our server also apologized but nothing else happened. If this would have happened when I was a server, I would have asked the manager to stop by the table and offer to at least buy dessert, if not the entire check. I was soaked; this wasn't a couple of drops. If you read my other reviews, I am not one to expect free food, but if there ever was a time, this was it. But, nothing was com'd. In fact, the side salad I ordered was $4 instead of $2.
4	Wunderbar!This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in metro Phoenix.  I've been there 3 times now and have loved each visit.  On two of the visits I sat at the patio area.  On both nights it was chilly but they keep propane heaters going that really warm the place up (you might not want to sit too close to them as they give off a lot of heat) the other time I sat at the bar watched a game whilst drinking German beer and eating a giant Bavarian pretzel.Haus Murphy's has great atmosphere and darn good food.  The above mentioned pretzel is a must and goes great with the German mustard.  Their mustard has a great kick and will clear any nasal passage.  As far as the entrees I have had the sauerbraten and the schweinebraten and enjoyed both.The German beer selection tops anything I've seen in Phoenix thus far.  I recommend the Konig Ludwig Hefeweizen.Service was great every visit.  Kudos to the manager who dealt with a fussy customer at the table across from mine during my last visit.  She took it all in stride and didn't let if phase her one bit.  Very professional even when being wronged.I can't praise them enough.  I'd give them 5 stars but I've been to a German restaurant elsewhere that was better (no fault to Haus Murphy's, the other place is that amazing).  It's especially nice this time of year since you can sit out on the patio and take in the Glendale Glitters while enjoying a great meal.
4	Just did a true brau house experience tonite for 21 folks.Cost was 25 each. But for starters and light main meal and beer it was a great holiday treat!
4	So far, I can only review the bar for this place, but that's all one needs to be sold on Haus Murphy's. Virtually anything and everything I could think of was stocked in the dense cabinets, and the tap selection was amazing. Amazing, I tell you! Now, I've never had German beer, but my Dunkel Optimiser hit the spot and packed quite a punch. Would drink again, especially since you can get it as a 32. oz. Are you up to that challenge?Of course, the overall atmosphere also rocks. I've walked by here a million times and seen the live polka and such. Consider this a place a glimpse of a culture you won't see too often around these parts. Can't wait to tell you about the food!
4	I've been to Haus Murphy's several times over the last few years. It has always been a great experience. The food is decently priced, the service has always been quick,  and the staff have always been extremely helpful.With regard to the food, I have always been very pleased. The food is always fresh, portions are generous and the taste is amazingly authentic. If you are looking for a great German meal, you cannot go wrong with any selection.On of the few downsides is that on days when downtown Glendale is having an event, the lunch menu is scrapped for a slimmed down dinner menu. This can be disappointing if you are looking forward to a lunch item. Luckily, their dinner menu has plenty of alternatives. If you live as far out as I do, just be sure and check Glendale's event calendar or call the restaurant. Also, be prepared to search for parking. Most spots are free, but depending on what is going on downtown, parking fills up fast.
4	Haus Murphy's was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives.I'll start out by saying that my favorite thing about Haus Murphy's is the originality of the place. I've never been to Germany, but it felt like what I imagine Germany to be like. Everything from the decor, to the menu, to the beers on tap had a great German vibe to it.I decided to order the German Bratwurst. The German Brat came on a plate with sauerkraut and German Fried Potatoes.  The Bratwurst had a great flavor to it and I'd have to say that it's probably the best brat I've ever had. It was very tender with a ton of flavor. The German Fried Potatoes were pretty good, but nothing special. I loved the tapped beer selection. I love dark beer so I ordered the darkest beer on tap, which is Spaten Optimator. It wasn't as dark as I had hoped, but was very good and had a high alcohol content. The highlight of the meal was dessert. The bartender suggested that I try the Sauerkraut Chocolate Cake, which sounded so unique, that I had to try it. It was a great piece of cake, very large, very sweet, and very rich. You wouldn't have known that it was Sauerkraut cake, as it only had a very slight hint of the kraut. A very unique dining experience along with a pretty darn good meal gives Haus Murphy's an above average rating of four stars.
4	Looking for something new instead of the boring places you usually go to? If so, then this is the place for you. Fun and lively, this place has a great atmosphere! The beer selection is fantastic and they have many specials that appeal to everyone.Vegetarian? Don't worry, they have spaetzle and some great, huge pretzels.Highly recommended
4	I've only  had German food twice in my life and Haus Murphy's was my second time.  With that said, I really liked the place!  We had the potato pancake and my 1/8 German daughter went to town with it!  We also had the schnitzel I think is what it's called (the breaded meat) and that was AWESOME.  I can't remember the name of the sausage but that was good, too.  The beef portion of the dish was meh.  Kind of dry but maybe that's how it's supposed to be.  LIke I said, I don't know much about German food!The service was OK.  We had to ask for a high chair like 3 times but they were nice about it.  When our FIL comes to town we will take him here to give it a try.  It's definitely worth going to check out.  Hope you enjoy!
5	I have been here a few times and went out with wife and parents for a pre Valentines day get together.  I was not disappointed.  The food is wonderful and very authentic.  The atmosphere is amazing and the place is filled to the brim, make a reservation.  I love this place and would recommend it to anyone.FYI Haus Murphy's is generally packed so a reservation is helpful but not necessary.  Also it is not as cheap as a trip to Chili's, so be prepared to spend $35 and up if you want the full experience, obviously more if you are going to have drinks.My recommendation is to try something new off the appetizer menu when you go!
5	Great atmosphere, inside and outside in the beer garden.  Food is incredible!!  Great German beer selection.  A fantastic meal and fun atmosphere.  Highly recommend reservations.
3	A few years ago, when antiquing with my hubbie and mother in-law, I suggested Haus Murphy for lunch.  For some reason that remains absolutely unfathomable to me, my mother in-law wrinkled her nose at it and ended up following the hubbie's stupid lead to Bitzee Mama's mexican restaurant, where she ordered a non-Mexican item because she doesn't really eat Mexican food.  Needless to say, Bitzee Mama's remains to this day my #1 trip into dining hell.This time, the hubbie was more amenable to visiting Haus Murphy and does have that regret that he poo-poo'd it  ... 'my mom would have liked this place.'We started with the stuffed mushrooms and loved them.  We both got schnitzel, me a pork paprika and him a chicken.  Loved both our dishes.  Only drawback, we assumed the german potato salad would be served by default.  The waitress did not ask, we did not volunteer, so we got french fries.  We did not get dessert because the pieces of cake we saw going out were HUGE and we were full.It was a beautiful February day, so we sat outside.  We will definitely dine here again when in Glendale.
5	Haus Murphy's has the best authentic german food in the valley! There is anything on the menu I wouldn't try.My husband and I shared the Bauernplatte which is a combo plate for 2.  It is a variety of dinners on a huge platter.  DELICIOUS!!!They have a great assortment of German beers for a very good price ($11 for a Liter... LITER!!!)Prices are very reasonable.We will defiantely be going back!
4	I'll be honest, I was NOT thrilled when my husband let me know that his friends from work had chosen this place for dinner. For the most part I think stuff like brats and sausage are GROSS (with the exception of a little hide the sausage. lol) and German food to me just sounded weird with the schnitzels and spatzles and kraut, etc. but I decided I could at least have the cesar salad.  I'm so happy I decided to branch out and try something new.  I had the steak schnitzel (a schnitzel, I learned, is a lean boneless piece of meet ... steak, veal, pork or chicken, breaded and fried) which was covered in a Gorgonzola sauce...it came with a side of German friend potatoes and green beans with bacon/onions.  All of it was very tasty!  I split mine with my hubby and he shared his Schweitzer schnitzel (pork with a layer of ham and swiss cheese) with me.  His came with wirsing which turned out to be a cabbage and cheese dish that sounded awful but tasted great!  The service was wonderful....there were 16 people in our party and we never felt we had to flag anyone down for service.  The place was HUGE but did not appear so from the street and it was completely packed so they must be doing something right! The only thing I'd suggest is that they add a little "glossary" to the front of the menu for those of us (pretty much our whole table) who didn't know what the various dishes were.  That would free up the servers for more important stuff than explaining all those crazy names of dishes!!!!  I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
5	Bauern platter was very good. Red kraut is the best, wurst and schnitzel were perfect. Great service, too.
3	Had 6:30 reservations for A Saturday night and arrived at that time.  We were told there would be a wait.  Grrrrrr!  After waiting for several minutes, we were told a table would be ready in minutes.  Oops, sorry there is another party ahead of you.  Grrrrrr!After complaining, we were finally seated.  The waitress came over and put 2 bread plates on the table.  Since the appetizers were uninteresting, we ordered a couple of beers.  Several minutes later she came by and said the bar was backed up and she would go check.  In the meantime, she came back for our dinner order.  We both ordered different schnitzels.  Finally beer came, along with the soup.  Grrrrrr!After a couple spoonfuls of soup, here comes the entrees.  Timing and service was terrible.  Food was average.  Never figured out what the bread plates were for.  I had also advised the waitress it was my son's birthday thinking she would send the Oompah Band by, but no.  This was the downer of our otherwise wonderful trip to AZ for Rangers Spring Training....
3	Good, solid, stick-to-your-ribs German food here. Can be a bit pricey, but worth a visit. Check out the nice little bier garden on a spring day.
4	I didn't know German food was so delicious!  The menu is fairly big and thankfully pretty descriptive.  Our party of 6 adults and 1 child all had different things and all very much enjoyed our meals.  I think there is enough variety on the menu for everyone to find something to enjoy.  I was honestly pretty intimidated, figured it would all just be big greasy sausages and sauerkraut.  I was delightfully surprised.  I would recommend the schitzel to those who are just ready to dip their toes in, it's basically just a breaded and fried piece of meat (chicken, pork, beef, whichever).  Lots of beer and wine pics and a great atmosphere, particularly outside on the patio.
5	Awesome food, just awesome! Top notch beer selection.  Great staff. Beer garden is great setting.
4	I had the potato pancakes and they were super good! I liked the inside with all of the german decor!
5	This place always amazes us.....always fabulous food, always friends attentive service and well worth the drive from Mesa.  There are 2 German restaurants in Mesa but neither are worthy of 2nd visits so we just make the drive and always are glad we did to get the best of the best at Haus Murphy.  Just love the outside area.
4	This place was great!  The stuffed mushrooms and paprika soup were amazing amd i felt spoiled by how good it was before my main dish came out.  I cant rememer the name of what i got but it came with a side that had no flavor to it which made me mad.  The beef i got was delicious and had a sweet sauce on it.  My girlfriend got the spicy sausage which she liked.  The best part about this place is that it has a great selection of german beer.  I had the Spaten Oktoberfest and it did its job
2	Here's the deal...4 in our party. Two of us had Schnitzels, one had the Zaurbraten (sp?) and another had the goulash. The schnitzel was no different than you would get in a fair, the zaurbraten was ok and the goulash beef was tasty but dry. The potatoes were dry and bland.Spetzle was bland and just ok. We had desert and the chocolate fudge cake, was dry and obvious store bought. The place is mediocre at best. There was absolutely nothing that made me feel the food was unique or so good that I want to go back. Just "meh"My suggestion to them: Minimize or close the patio and bring everyone inside. (I know, I know...you'll lose a ton of revenue) The place is trying to cater to so many and the food is suffering in quality. There was no doubt that the cooks are just pumping out food rather than putting love into it. (I wanted to have Spetzle rather than potatoes..."sorry, not tonight because of the volume but I can give you spetzle on the side"). See what I mean..just pump the food out rather than cater to the consumer. I won't make the effort to go back. Boring, meh, and just OK.
4	HOLY MOUNTAIN OF FOOD! Fast service, extensive beer menu, great and pretty authentic german food. The pretzel is the largest I have ever seen. If your a fan of "man food" because that is what german food is, check out this place!
2	I have been to Haus Murphy's twice and both time I was very disappointed with their food.There Schnitzel was just horrible so was the Schweinebraten.The owner should seriously send his cooks to Germany for a week so they will have a better idea on what to serve.While the service and atmosphere is quite good I would not recommend unless you just going there for Beer.
1	Shame on the owners of Haus Murphy's for participating in the sham of a TV show "Mystery Diners!" When the producers promise free publicity, and you so easily lie to the public - that is not a business I will support. The "manager" under scrutiny on the show was an ACTOR - not a relative, and not a manager. The show, the conversations, the issues......all phony. Entertainment is one thing, but. I do not respect this at all!
5	The last time I had AMAZING German food like this place was when I visited family in Jasper IN about 18 years ago.  The soup of the day was a cream of mushroom soup, and OMG, it was SOOOO good!  We had the Sample Sausage appetizer, the Schweizer Schnitzel, and the Kassler Kotelett.  OMG, the food was AMAZING!!!!  This was my husband's first time ever having German food, and he LOVED it.  We're looking forward to going back again real soon!
4	Given the dearth of German restaurants in the greater Phx area, this is about as good as it gets.Had the sausage sampler.  The krakauer wurst was pretty unique.  The bratwurst was good too, but brats usually have a pretty low bar to clear to be good.Had the Schweizer Schnitzel as a main course.  Very good.The meal came with a cup of soup of the day, which in this case was mushroom.  Very good.You can't eat ambiance/decor so I generally don't care about things like that but if the owners have a spare dollar or two they may want to paint the place and replace the drop ceiling.  Neither of those things will keep me away but they may want to look into those things.
4	The hubby had his heart set on taking me here, but I was a little worried because of the negative reviews, I really don't like bland food.  Well, we did not have that! The food was full of flavor, well seasoned, big servings, prepared well.  The beer was GREAT, I am sorry I can't remember the name of the one we had... It was the dark one, that was light but tasted like a dark :) haha! Hope that helps! I had the schnitzel, a pork one with Swiss and ham... I would not order it again, but not because there was something wrong with it, it just wasn't my thing, I went on the recommendation of the waitress, but I have different taste... The hubby had a sausage, same story as the schnitzel, except he liked it and would order it again.  The pretzel was very good!! The soup was good.  I LOVED the spatzel (noodles).  I stirred in butter and salt and pepper... YUM, I could make a meal out of that and the German potato salad!! and beer and pretzels!!
4	This is always a fail safe when we cannot decide where to go to eat and it NEVER let's us down....great for the family!!
5	Loved it, reminded me of my mom.
4	Great German place in downtown Glendale!  The atmosphere was really nice...not sure why they seated us in the bar when everyone else was seated in the front dining room though.  Our server was very helpful in making beer and dinner recommendations.  The food was pretty good too...I had the special kraut rouladen with potatoes and red cabbage.  The beer garden looked like a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon in cooler months and I hear they have a band that plays every Friday and Saturday night which would be fun!
5	Best German food in town!!!!  Highly recommend the platter for two!  Has everything from schnitzel to sausage to yummy potatoes and cabbage...mmm mmm gooood!
5	Best german food ever! Great service. Has that feeling you're at your german grandmothers kitchen table.
1	Cannot believe this place was on DD&D! Poor service and the saurbratan was flavorless and tough. Will never be back!
1	Went there after seeing it DD&D.  Waiter barely gave us time to look over the menu, then took his time coming back to take our order. Not even a crust of bread on the table to begin with. We ordered the sausage sampler and potato pancake. Very average and overpriced for sausage. We ordered sauerbraten to share and glad we didn't order anything else. The meat was tough, bland and was not cooked in any sauce to make it tender. Thick cut slabs with sauce poured over top. I expected fork tender and this was just plain awful. Staff never asked us how our food was and had to flag down waiter for another drink. Will not be back.
5	A true classic in Glendale. The food is consistently excellent. You can't beat a place that serves beer by the liter.
4	This was our first time to Haus Murphy's and the family was really looking forward to some German food and German fun. The food was decent, their sauerkraut was delicious and flavorful! My husband had their cabbage roll and enjoyed each bite! We sat on the patio and the outside ambiance was charming.  Their live music was fun, i enjoyed how they roamed around the restaurant, giving everyone the opportunity to enjoy!
5	The absolute BEST German food you will find in Arizona!!! Everything on the menu is amazing, fresh, and homemade! Our family LOVES coming here and we drive across town to do it! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	We had a great time sitting on the patio enjoying appetizers and beverages (great beer selection). The ambiance brought my husband and I back to a beer garden in Germany. The band playing was festive and entertaining. Even my 3 year old had fun dancing and swaying with the crowd.We will definitely be going back! BTW... if you order the pretzel be prepared to share. It's huge!
5	Excellent German Food! Definite return here!
5	I have to add another star. We were just there again last night and the food and service were once again the very best. There is nothing pretentious about this place. It's like sitting down in a relative's kitchen to have dinner. it's just comfortable, right down to the mounted jigsaw puzzle of the Alps on the wall. It's friendly and about real people having great food and a great time. There is no attitude here, just a friendly welcome, great servers, fantastic German food and great music by Duane and Elmer. I can't wait to go back!
4	I've been coming here for a few years now. The service is always friendly, the food is always good, and the beer is always large :)My brother-in-law and I like to come here and eat some good food and have a nice large cold beer. The pretzel is always crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.I personally love the Chicken Schniztel with the Mushroom sauce. The Apple Streudel and and Bread Pudding are really amazing. The Lentil soup literally tastes like the way my grandmother used to make it (not to sound corny, but it's true). My favorite beer is the Franziskaner Wiessbeer which I did not see last time, but they have the "Dunkel" version of it which is good, it's just darker. I also really enjoy the Spaten Optimator.Between the great staff, food, and beer, can't go wrong! p.s. make sure you wear stretchy pants, because after just the pretzel and the bit jug of beer you'll need to stretch out a bit.....
5	About as close to European (German) food you can get with out going to Germany.very good service.very much worth checking out.but far from low fat :)
5	I love Haus Murphy's! I live less than 2 miles away from the restaurant, and its definitely my favorite restaurant in AZ! The food is delicious, and the sauerkraut chocolate cake is a must have; can't go to the restaurant without getting it!
1	My wife and I and our two son have for years gone to Haus Murphy for Christmas Eve dinner.  We all have lived in Germany for an extended time and a German dinner for our family and our son's wive and girlfriend so a Christmas eve German dinner has become a tradition.  The year before last the woman who runs the place didn't treat us very well (a party of 6).  We tried again last year and they treated us even more shamefully.  We all decided that our experience with Haus Murphy has come to an end.  It's a shame but each time, the woman has pushed us impatiently to finish and we'd made reservations for 7:00 but none the less the lady did everything but put our order in a box and shove us out the door.  Even something as simple as bread with dinner was with held.Perhaps any other time of the year but not on Christmas eve.  If they don't want customers on the 24th, they should just close for the day.
4	I've been here twice, and as I am not a huge German food fan, I was a tad skeptical at first.  However, I was greeted by warm service.  They have a very authentic menu, and it tastes similar to some of the food that I had in Germany.  My family also loved their selection of beer and dessert.  While the food isn't to die for, it is authentic and pretty good.
3	I really wanted this place to be better.  Great atmosphere ... they had a band playing, the servers were in fun outfits, and there's a giant pretzel outside.  Unfortunately that's pretty much all this place has going for it.  The food was decent (I had the Jagerschnitzel which the staff raved about, and an apple strudel), and the beers were of course great.  Overall worth checking out if you're in Downtown Glendale, but I likely won't be coming back.
4	Made the 30 minute drive from north Phoenix & glad we did. Bar tender was great to talk to while waiting for our table. Great German (&Austrian) beer selection. Bloody Mary hade A1 steak sauce in it (really good)Food was very authentic . ( we go to Germany every year on business) We will go back soon.
2	We went here based on the Food Network show (Guy Fieri) in hopes of having a fine German meal.  Unfortunately we were very disappointed in the food and the overall experience.Upon arrival we were greeted and led past the more formal dining areas to the bar area in the back of the restaurant.  It is a large room set up with many long tables that seemed similar to a Bavarian beer hall.  The tables were covered with vinyl I guess to make cleanup easier.  Three or four other tables were occupied plus a few people at the bar.  I imagine the room would be much busier during Octoberfest. But we thought it was kind of cool since it did create an German like atmosphere.Our waiter arrived and while he was not rude he certainly was not friendly and seemed like he would have preferred to be somewhere else that evening.  He did not make any recommendations or inform us of any specials. We ordered our meals and appetizers which were the Wienerschnitzel and Saurbraten along with one potato pancake appetizer and one pretzel.The meal started out with a small cup of the soup of the day which was cabbage soup.  It came out slighty warm at best and was like a broth with a mild flavor and a few bits of cabbage.  Very bland and unimpressive start.The meals came next and also were only slightly warm.  The sauerbraten consisted of thin slices of beef which was nothing like I remembered from visits to Germany. The flavor was mild and hard to understand why Guy Fieri raved so much about it on his show.  The Wienerschnitzel was greasier than I would have preferred but it was a huge serving that covered half the plate.  The German fried potatoes were good but would have been much better had they been hot.  The spatzel and red cabbage was as expected but unremarkable.We finished the meal sharing a large slice of the Saurkraut cake which was the best part of the meal.  Overall the cost of the three entrees, two appetizers, one dessert and two small beers was $103 + tip.  We came with high expectations (perhaps too high) and left somewhat disappointed.  I doubt we will return to this restaurant.
3	Was staying in town on business and decided to check this place out because I saw it on DDD on food network.  Got the brat sampler and a side of spatzle.  The brat sampler was as expected, not super great but pretty good overall.  The spatzle wasn't as great as i was expecting and didn't seem to have much flavor at all in general.  Overall I kind of wish I would have tried the Schniztel but doubt I'll be trying this place out again.
3	Haus Murphy has really gone down hill...it used to be amazing...now sadly it is average.
3	This is not really a fair review. I'm reviewing this like I would if this place had been in Germany - but it's Phoenix, and I acknowledge that, so I'm bumping it up one star. Honestly, the food wouldn't have passed muster in Germany.The "famous sauerbraten" was gray and chewy. The cabbage was good, the spatzel was OK - though I'm more partial to the grated spatzel. The bread dumpling didn't really have anything going for it. This, after tip, was $28?I didn't hear any German (other than the piped in polka songs), or see anything of modern Germany, just uncomfortable servers in complicated uniforms. With plastic tablecloths.I'm pretty sure I'm not the target audience for this place, which is too bad. I've been searching for a German place in Arizona that works for me for years now.Sigh. Maybe their schnitzel is better?
4	Great service, friendly staff. I ordered sauerbraten with spatzle and red cabbage.   Sauerbraten and red cabbage was real good, spatzle was ok seemed a bit water logged, but not bad.
5	When making my list of best places I have every eaten, Haus Murphy's makes the short list for consideration.  This is German food made the way both my grandmothers made.  This is the German food I found in home kitchens in Hamburg.  The schnitzels are true schnitzels and delicious.  The sausages are correctly named and not American knock-offs. The hackbraten would do my grandmother proud (though I thought she called it hackerbraten). But the sauerbraten is beyond belief!  That alone would make a trip to Phoenix worth the price.  The ambiance is home-style, not elegant - but it doesn't have to nor should it be. The service has always been adequate and friendly.  The ambiance is a 4 and the service a 3+ but the quality of the food is so wonderful the overall rating is a 5 (but should be higher).  I truly cannot see how anyone who has truly eaten here could rate Haus Murphy's less than a 5.  (Well unless they don't care that much for true German food and then I could see the lowest rating a 4+)
4	The SERVICE is great from their first friendly welcome, & they remember you like an old friend on subsequent visits. They have misters on the outdoor patio, with quaint bistro style tables. The back room with full bar is large & loud, picnic style tables. The front room is more elegant, but comfy & home-style, tables with street view or along the wall booth style with pillows on the bench seats, great for kids to lounge more comfortably as the food sets in & libations may continue.DINNER ENTREES include a huge combo platter for two, it comes with SO much it will feed more, & that way everyone can try a bit of just about everything. Except the paprika schnitzel, which is a must try! Even better than their sauerbraten, which they are noted for. Their fresh green beans sauteed in onion & bacon for flavor goes great with the spaetzel; you have to choose the spaetzel as a side to marry the two, but so worth it! Their red cabbage is awesome, not too much vinegar, not too sweet, not overdone.The weiner schnitzel is rather bland, but every other schnitzel we've tried has been great. Nothing beats the paprika schnitzel, not even the Gorgonzola cheese topping on the steak schnitzel. They are willing to accommodate requests, so you can ask for the paprika topping on the steak schnitzel! Their Goulash is okay, in case you get tired of ordering that! Their soups change, but have always been great. In addition to the KIDS MENU, we found the spaetzel with cheese is "like the best macaroni & cheese ever!" & so has become a welcome & reliable favorite with our picky eaters. The portions are such that the only time we got DESERT was on someones birthday, & I'm sorry to say although the presentation was great, the pretty lemony cake treat wasn't so much so, kinda dry, & I wish they'd have had the black forest cake or offered to replace it with apple strudel bread puddings. DRINKs - Great BEER on draft, & although their Hefeweisen was too yeasty for me, I guess it's supposed to be. The Spaten Optimator is phenomenal! It's sweet molasses flavor goes so well with the food I recommend it even it you don't go for dark beer. They will even let you try a taste before ordering, so you can find just what you like.The COST may seem a bit pricey for dinner, but is comparable to any german restaurant. Lunch are comparable to any diner, even like a Denny's although MUCH better. A reuben with sides is $8.95 for example. It's also a great way to try the paprika schnitzel more affordably, for the smaller portion at lunch.So HAUS MURPHY'S, despite the name, is truly great authentic german food, the best in Phoenix, probably the state, & among the best anywhere in this country anyway.
5	This restaurant is fantastic!  In historic Glendale, it truly stands out (in a good way).  They have amazing food, fun music, and a good selection of beer.  Remember though- a Liter of beer is definitely bigger than a Pint.  If you do forget, there's a park caty-corner for naps!
2	Had one lunch while visiting the area and was surprized how mediocre the food was, considering some glowing reviews.Goulasch soup was adequate, not great. No German bread with it, just a pack of soup crackers. Jaegerschnitzel was tough meat and had no taste, and the mushroom sauce on it tasted like it was premade brown sauce out of a can.  A giant chocolate cake slice was served with a glob of what was supposed to be cream, but it was not real cream (tasted like cool whip).I never had anything this uninspiring in many years in Germany. Maybe I ordered the wrong things.Service was friendly and attentive and seating was comfortable.
4	Great patio for an afternoon lunch.  We took our dogs and the wait staff was very nice to them, they bought a large bowl of water right away and made sure we had plenty of shade.The food was great, We started with stuffed mushrooms, the sausage stuffing in them was terrific and we really enjoyed them, I had the Sauerbraten and my husband had the Paprika Schnitzel for our entrees. Both were flavorful and tasty and the portions were quite large. We did manage to save enough room to split a dessert and had the bread pudding, it was delicious.Can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings.
5	If you like big German style, then this is the place for you.All the classic meals, friendly wait staff, and you can get your beer in a fish tank.
5	Only visited for a nice cold German beer, but found the place to be very pleasant and relaxing. Selection was excellent. Pretzels were also very good. Very nice outdoor patio for nice weather. I will be back.
5	Love this place. Best German food!!!  Great entertainment!  Family owned and op.  My husband and I travel to Arizona once a year to watch a football game and go to Haus Murphy's.  Wish we had a place like this in Orange County, CA.  Octoberfest is amazing!  December is fun too - Glendale Glitters!  Try the bread pudding, get it with ice cream...delicious
5	Lived in Germany for 3 years! This was the best German food since we lived there. Everything we tried was excellent. Stuffed mushrooms, and bratt appetizer. Then we had beef soup. Main course We tried snitzel and topped of with sauerkraut chocolate cake. I wish we we're going to be here longer so we could go again. Definitely will return on our next trip.
4	Damn good food with LARGE BEER!
3	Great place for a brew in the outdoor biergarten. Food is pretty average. I did enjoy the sausage appetizer.
4	Yummy! Yummy! First time at a German restaurant and it was delicious! Don't pass up the sauerkraut chocolate cake - best chocolate cake you'll ever have! Plus, the staff was friendly and efficient. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because their menu is way too big and the servers have to dress in poorly fitted costumes. Overall, our new favorite place!
4	Steak schnitzel w/ gruyere is always wonderful.
3	I had been anxious to visit this restaurant based upon the rave reviews from my son and his many visits with his German club.  I found the atmosphere to be delightful - I could picture myself in Germany based upon the decorations.  If you love to eat meat and like German cooking, this place is perfect.  I prefer non meat dishes but ended up having a steak cooked German style - it was very good.  Service was not exceptional, but was OK.
1	Reheated, insipid food and perfunctory service in a kitschy atmosphere.We drove 32 miles from our house to Haus Murphy's because we were in the mood for German.  It was the middle of a Sunday afternoon so it wasn't very busy.We ordered a couple of beers and the Bauernplatte combination for 2.  This includes several kinds of sausage, a pork cutlet, a schnitzel, a kind of hamburger in gravy, red cabbage, sauerkraut, spatzle and fried potatoes.  It look great! Sadly, it all appeared to have been pre-cooked and then microwaved.  Let me repeat that -  a precooked and microwave schnitzel!  The spaetzle in particular was a soggy, water-logged travesty.  $35 for this by the way.So with two beers and tip, that was $60.00 for lunch. For microwaved food.It's quite sad that they don't really care about the quality of food here.  This type of Bavarian food is fairly easy to prepare so it's hard to understand why they would have so much contempt for the customers or the lovely cuisine of Germany.Any restaurant that would serve you reheated food like this really doesn't care about you or about the food they are serving.I wish I had noticed the 50 filtered reviews before eating here.
1	AWFUL! Food & Service Just Awful! Food tasted as if reheated, way too salty. Waiter had to be tracked down multiple times for a simple drink refill.  After 5 years of going here I would not go back nor would I recommend this place.
4	Food was excellent, the server was friendly and attentive, it was a good value.  We were there on a Saturday evening.  It was noisy and the food was very slow coming out of the kitchen.
4	The beer selection is great and the bartender made good suggestions. The Saurbraten iis the best I have ever had. The brats were a favorite with the kids. The staff is very friendly too. We will be back.
5	Haven't had German food this good since I was little!
5	Outstanding German food and a great atmosphere, especially on nights when they have love polka. Love everything I've had on the menu-the eisbein is especially delicious and tender and all the sides (sauerkraut, spatzle, German potatoes). Have tried menu items like wursts and shnitzels elsewhere and none are as flavorful or well prepared. A little pricey but you definitely get your money's worth. Be prepared to wait, it's worth it!
5	The food is just so darn good here and the ambience is pretty fun as well. Delicious schnitzels, sausages, wursts, and the roulade - ridiculously good. Our server was cheerful and helpful - thanks for the advice on the Kilometer sausages (best ever!) The beer was ice cold and the oompah music was a blast as well. Can't imagine a better place for German food.
5	Took my parents here twice and my hubby and I keep going back. Mom is German and she loves how everything has tasted so far. We tried the chocolate cake that is made with sauerkraut juice and oh my gosh, I need the recipe! Not a big fan of chocolate but this was oh so darn scrumptious! Thank goodness there were 4 sharing it though. Lol. Gosh, the potatoes are so relish too. Well, really, what isn't good that I have eaten there yet! Hahahah The waitress' have been really nice and the cleanliness of the restaurant has been well maintained. Great location!We will definitely be back!
5	My parents forced me to come here while they were visiting from NY. I was reluctant to come because I'm not a super big fan of German food.  However, this place may have changed my mind. Lets start with beer. Yes, beer. German, imported, deliciously large beer. They sell beer by the litre for about $11. Yes, that's right, 11 bucks. For a liter of good German beer!Appetizers:  We got potato pancakes that were excellent! We were all fighting over them.  Good thing it was a large portion (good to share between 2-3 people).  Mom and dad got some variety of schnitzel.  They have like 20 different kinds, so I can't remember. It came with homemade spaetzle that was awesome!I got the home made bolognese. I can't pass up good home made pasta sauce. It was amazing. So worth it!  We ordered a few desserts to go (it is family dinner after all) and all were good- the favorite was the sauerkraut cake. Sounds gross, but it was awesome. Definitely a must if you're in Glendale! They have an awesome patio/"beer garden" if you have a while to stay and hang out.  The service was excellent and the owners were just so lovely.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Just finished dinner at Haus Murphy's.  service was just alright, but the food was fantastic!  I got the classic German Bratwurst which was served with sauerkraut and German fried potatoes.  The Brat was flavorful and juicy.  Sauerkraut was sour and tangy.  Potatoes were a little greasy but delicious nonetheless.  My parents split a platter which came with a Brat, Jaeger Schnitzel, some beef patty thing, stuffed chicken medallions, and potatoes and sauerkraut.  It was a great deal for $18!  Definitely recommend!
5	This place is amazing. I am by no means a German Food critic - nor do I know what German food is "supposed" to taste like, but hopefully this is it, because it's amazing.  My husband was stationed in Germany for 6 Years, and he loves it... so I trust his opinion. I love the beer, I love the spatzel, I LOVE the snitzel. I bring everyone to Haus Murphy I can, because everything is amazing. A few times, I brought my parents and there was a polka bang being amazing in the bar area. I love this resturant.
5	First time here, this restaurant is comparable to some of the best German comfort food found at various places that I have been stationed in Germany. The potato pancakes served as an appetizer were correct, and some of the lightest that I have ever had. the mushroom soup was perfect, and the service was excellent and attentive.  This place is definitely worth a return
4	Wonderful evening with friends. Our waiter John was very personable and answered all of our questions and offered recommendations as well. Three different entrees and all were delish. Portions are huge & we each left with a box but we still had to share the cherry strudel & enjoyed it to the last bite.I'll definitely be back.
2	I love the food here, but the planning and service are atrocious.First off, reservations don't mean what you think they do.  Make a reservation?  Plan to still wait and then get seated at a community table.Secondly, they have too much going on.  Most of the year appears to feature a limited menu of one kind or another.  If you go there and it's an open menu day, try not to like the food too much, because it may be a year before you can have it again.Finally, I've had more crappy service there than I've had good.  Servers have forgotten to bring a course, brought the wrong food, not checked back on us - you name it.It's sad because the food here really IS good.  It's just so hard to get.
4	We came here for lunch one day last week and I did not leave disappointed. We were able to sit outside in the shade, like most of the other lunch diners and the experience was quite enjoyable. My friend and I both ordered the Reuben sandwich and while it was ver-y greasy, still tasty. We topped it off with the chocolate sauerkraut torte and were not sorry. I think they were having Oktoberfest specials, but I do know that the piece of cake we ordered cost about the same as our sandwiches. Lol. Their menu was limited, and again, not sure if it was a special lunch/Oktoberfest thing. Our server was friendly enough but was very busy and it seemed like a lifetime between submitting a request and it actually getting accomplished (you know, like getting a straw) Great place in downtown Glendale. I'd love a more sour and less sweet sauerkraut, but that's just me. :)
2	My husband and I had lunch.  He ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel.  It came out with cold gravy, which also smothered his fries making them cold and soggy.  I had the Pear and Black Forest Ham sandwich.  It was really good, but my fries were ice cold and mostly hard on the ends.  Really, why not cook up fresh fries?  The bar maid was really nice, helpful and friendly.  I tried the darkest beer, at $7.00 for a small, and thought it was too effervescent.   I could not stop burping from the beer.  Not pleasant for lunch.  Probably won't go back.
4	Been here a couple of times and decided to go again last night.  I've always found it odd that there are so few German spots in the Phoenix area (much less good ones).  It would seem odd that Downtown Glendale of all places would lay claim to the best German spot in the Phoenix area, but having sampled many of the few others in town that exist, its hard to deny that Haus Murphy's has the goods.  Whether you're here for sausages and schnitzels, a good German beer, the feel of a nice outdoor biergarten, or the weekend polka music, you really can't go wrong here.  Just be warned that no matter what you order, the portions will be enormous.  And you'll be hard pressed to find any dishes that have vegetables.  And you'll be even harder pressed to find dishes that don't have meat and potatoes.  Fortunately I'm a meat and potatoes guy and highly recommend each and every one of their sausage dishes.  My only complaint in the times I've been here is that the service can be a little slow.  On Friday and Saturday nights when the place is packed and the polka band is playing that can be expected, but even when I've come on random lunch and early dinner hours when the place is slower, the service is still pretty slow.  So be sure to plan on spending some time here (I'm pretty sure that's their goal anyway).  As long as you're not in a big hurry and have a hearty appetite, you won't be disappointed.
4	Very fun, lively, authentic German restaurant.  Our waiter, Johann, really made us feel like he just got in from Germany.  He was probably from Iowa or something silly but he did a great job of making us comfortable and being in the moment.  Everyone loved their selections, espeically my wiener schnitzel w/spaetzle.  And the ice cold German beer selections were great.
5	We went to Haus Murphy last night to celebrate a friends birthday.  We have been many times..The service was spot on...we love the German uniforms that they wear...the food is outstanding.  Portions are huge...enough for lunch today.We had a variety of items from sausages to schnitzels.  Everything was excellent.  They even had a desert with a candle for our friend with the birthday.  To top it off, they sang Happy Birthday in German...Lovely evening
5	I have absolutely nothing bad to say about Haus Murphy's. Consistently good food and service. Fun atmosphere and staff. I prefer the goulash, which is rich and meaty. The red cabbage is tasty and sweet. The beers are strong and cold. I often visit with my German adopted-grandfather and he converses with one of the waiters fluently and it always has hilarious results.
5	A few weeks ago I was watching an episode of Diners, Drive-ins & Dives and they're doing a feature on this restaurant.   Knowing I would be heading to Phoenix soon AND I don't have German food very often, I bookmarked it, then ask my friends if they want to have dinner here.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=xeRpdNyGlTwF4SNYZ3588A#XdSMeOjMFXkDYkLe9CmVSgFast forward to Friday afternoon.  I call and ask if they take reservations, they said yes, so I made one.   We arrived about 15 minutes early and the place is packed!   Come reservation time, they didn't have a table ready and asked us to wait in a "waiting area".   It's a small group of tables at the back of the bier garten.  I figured I might as well have a bier, right?  So I ordered a hefeweizen.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=fGrf2cHDXfDKshCS8vDofA#fGrf2cHDXfDKshCS8vDofAAfter about 15 minutes they had a table ready in the "bier garten".   Yes it was cool outside but they had tons and I mean TONS of heaters!   There were three heaters around our table in very close proximity and another heater near the next table about 2 feet away.  We sat down and while my friends enjoyed the heat, I started baking immediately.SERVICE: All of the staff were very nice!   Our server Jeremy seemed to have very little personality and only smiled once when I made a joke.    However he did do a very good job taking care of us.   I ended up speaking with Rose, the owner.    What a sweet and fun lady!   We chatted about the restaurant and her experience with Guy Fieri and the production staff for the show.   She said they filmed that segment about 6 years ago.Rose also told me they've been in business for 18 years and at this location for the last eight years.  Her restaurant can seat 300, she has a staff of 22 working the front of house and 12 in the small kitchen.As we were dining two gentleman came out and started serenading the bier garten with an accordion and a tuba!   Hmm, does two make an "Oom-pah-pah band"?   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#Xg7Kg3cwQvevC0BJMIuXbAThey starting with "roll out the barrel" of course, and continued with a number of other bier drinking songs and Christmas songs for a good 30 minutes.   For me anyway, it made the whole evening that much more fun!FOOD:  We started with a giant pretzel!   It was warm, soft and very tasty!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#2s8FvkPpB0J_OGZSxDiYHA  (notice my phone for a size reference)   I really wanted to try 5 different entrees, but could only have one, so Paprika Schnitzel it is!    The entrees come with a cup of soup, which was a "lemon martini" on Friday.   It was quite tasty, but I didn't really get lemon or martini.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#lYe5isj_vkLSPwbdJHF8qQ  The schnitzel is pork loin pounded flat, breaded and pan fried golden brown and is topped with an onion and bacon infused paprika sauce.   it also comes with German fried potatoes (with garlic and caraway) and wirsing (shredded cooked cabbage and onion in a creamy cheese sauce) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#L0eXT4gWympRVAeAB-1_PA   The pork was very tender and tasty.  The paprika sauce was WONDERFUL but also very subtle and nearly "disappeared" on the schnitzel.   I LOVED the wirsing!   The potatoes were very good too!   One friend ordered the Hackbraten, which is a beef and pork meatloaf with roasted onion gravy, spatzle and red cabbage.   I was able to taste the meatloaf and it was fantastic!DESSERT: We couldn't leave without dessert, so we ordered and shared the Apple Strudel (Very good), Cherry Strudel (to die for!) and the "sauerkraut cake" (A chocoholics dream!).   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#NGjfFFw99WpS8Gzdt0-U8whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#DdkM66FWNZZh2yjbHPQGFAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#ovcyB00DsctJwyk3X7TMpAOVERALL: it was an awesome evening with wonderful food and a great German atmosphere!  4.5 stars rounded up!
5	Everything I've ever had here was delicious.
2	The two stars are for service only.  Otherwise, the food does not get stars at all.  What have you done, Haus Murphy???  I've been coming to this restaurant since before it moved to its current location.  I lived in Germany for nearly 4 years, and the food was amazing.  I found Haus Murphy when I moved here and was overjoyed that the Schnitzel was very close to the "real" Schnitzel in Pruem, GE.  But, someone has gotten hold of the ingredients.  Perhaps the quality and pride in the food got lost somewhere in all the times the restaurant has changed hands.  They have either decided to cut back on good, quality ingredients, or just don't care anymore.  My last two visits left me wanting.  As another reviewer put it, the food used to be really good, but now it's "meh."  The only good part of the meal was the mushroom demi glace.  THAT was really good, and covered up the blandness of the dish.  The portions have really been cut back, as well.  Tiny bit of potatoes.  No bread basket anymore, unless you pay for it (way too much money), and the dessert was bland and too gooey.  Strudel crust is supposed to be flaky and crisp!   Service was excellent., however.  We sat on the patio, and some moron allowed his two little daughters to run up and down the patio, screaming and dodging in and out of the tables and wait staff.  One waiter was terrorized by these brats, as he had to swerve several times to avoid colliding with them.  He was nearly tripped with full plates in his hands, but never changed his expression.  Just carried on.  (People, please teach your children how to behave in a restaurant!! )  I know we won't be going back.  Husband was NOT happy with the amount of the bill compared to the unremarkable food.   I'm sad.
5	A little chilly and spitting out last night in Glendale, but it was warm and dry in the outside eating area of Haus Murphy's.  I've hear about this place for years and anted to go there and decided to hit Glendale Glitters too. We shared their mushrooms, their spicy brat, and their Paprika Schnitzel. My girlfriend had a couple of glasses of their seasonal wine that was spiced and warmed. I had 2 liters of their "Spaten Optimator - Double bock beer with a rich malty flavor and molasses undertones.". The food was wonderful.  The service was excellent.  The music was entertaining. The beer was wonderful. It was a wonderful date night experience!
2	What it lacks in ambience it fails to make up for in service or food. Guy from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives correctly identified this as a dive; however, any redeeming or endearing qualities he saw substantially escape me.
5	Always good food and tasty German beers.
5	Great meal i had the chicken schnitzel and the best apple strudel ever. Good atmosphere great service.
5	Best German restaurant in AZ! If you're looking for awesome sausage and fresh food with a German twist, this is the place. Best Oktoberfest in AZ too
3	I am half first generation German, and have lived and spent time in Germany, so I was super excited to finally try Haus Murphy's. My coworker and I stopped in for lunch, and I give them 3/5 stars. I ordered the spicy bratwurst, and asked if it came with a roll. At first the waitress thought I wanted a hot dog bun, so I clarified that I was asking for a Broetchen--she had no clue what that meant. I simplified, and asked if they had a dinner roll they could give me. The rolls that they had available were really soft, not the crusty Broetchen I am used to having with a brat. I was disappointed, but the roll was still okay. The sauerkraut was spot on--juniper berries and all. I could have easily eaten twice as much had come with the meal. The potatoes were okay, but could have used more seasoning. The bratwurst was absolutely delicious, and paired really well with the spicy and flavorful mustard (I believe horseradish mustard) that was offered.Service was quick, and my iced tea never ran dry. The waitress was polite and attentive, even during the lunch rush. The lunch menu didn't have a weisswurst on it, which is my favorite kind of sausage. I also wish their potato pancakes had been available! I'm going to check out the other German restaurants in Phoenix, but am not against visiting Haus Murphy's again.
5	First time at Haus Murphey's and super impressed. Best German food since Germany. Had the paprika schnitzel and wife had the spicy bratwurst. Naturally we had to have a German beer too. Too bad we live in the SE Valley and it's a trek to get there or we would be there more often.
5	Ok, what do you get when you cross a cute downtown area, an oom-pah band, and some incredible food and drink? Haus Murphy of course!Let's keep this simple:     Sister's birthday, large party sat immediately     Beautiful outdoor seating     Unbeatable food - Pretzels!     Fun selection of beverages     Great service from a super-cute German waiterI can't wait to come back!
5	Delicious food, great atmosphere, attentive service, and live music "Haus Band" on Friday and Saturday nights.  A great place for large groups, birthdays, and nice outdoor seating for any night.  Authentic German food as far as I am concerned...same with their beer.
5	Haus Murphy's is an incredible experience! Some friends and I ate here before the Chocolate Affaire. I kind of wish we had just hung out here for the night instead! Delicious food, awesome entertainment and stellar patronage awaits you at Haus Murphhy's. If you aren't stuffed after your schnitzel, you need to try the sauerkraut chocolate cake. I will definitely be back!
4	This is a quaint and cute place to eat authentic German food when the mood hits.  Really liked it overall.Had the 6 sausages with sauerkraut and potatoes which was good--not fantastic--but good.  For dessert split two desserts with a friend which was apple struedel (the very best I have ever had) and the chocolate sauerkraut cake which was sooo chocolatey.  Loved the struedel most.Tasted the giant pretzel which is good, but to me not worth the $8.95 which is kinda pricey for what it was.  I mean, really?  Flour and water and $8.95?Regardless, if I ever crave in my entire lifetime German food this is where I will go.  It's good, but there was a German restaurant in Houston that blows this place out of the water which I wish was duplicated here in Phoenix but isn't.Overall, okay place...just the food didn't want to make me yodel at all.
4	Nice restaurant with good food. I had the Jaeger Schnitzel which came with potatoes and a cabbage and sour cream type side that was my favorite part. The Schnitzel was tender and the sauce on it was very flavorful. The potatoes were ok, nothing fantastic but good. We were a large group so I understand slower service so that isn't my complaint, my reason for not 5 stars is the waiter gave us a hard time about ordering any drinks while we waited for a few more people. The first table designated to us was full and he said he didn't want to take drink orders till everyone was there. He ended up doing it but wasn't to happy about it. That is fine but not great customer service. I have only been to one other German restaurant and I liked their food just slightly better but this was very good and I would return with a smaller party!
4	I had a really good time, but sometimes I think your experience at a restaurant is much better due to the company.  I really enjoyed our gigantic table.  It created a little bit of havoc for the server and it made service a little slow, but I will cut them some slack.  I ordered the pretzel, because I am a carb addict.  I was so happy we had such a big group, because after cutting a piece I could pass it around to share and not feel so guilty.  It was big enough that about 10 people were able to taste it.  I really liked it.  The spicy mustard was indeed spicy. Before our dinners we got split pea soup, it was very tasty, I am usually not a soup person, but I was hungry and I enjoyed it very much.  For my entree I ordered the Wiener Schitzel, I had not had baby cow in a long time, it was well worth it.  I ate only have of it and took home the rest.  It came with potatoes and wirsing.   The potatoes were very good, on the other hand, I personally didn't like the wirsing (a creamy cabbage concoction).  Good thing Amy liked it, lol. We ordered dessert, but they were taking so long that we asked to have our Black Forest cake and Cherry Strudel to go.  When I got home, I was trying to be so good and got only a third of the strudel, then gave my hubby a third and put the rest in the fridge.  Well that freaking strudel was amazing, I went back to the fridge and ate the rest.  The next day I went twice to the gym.
2	What happened!!! Just came back to Haus Murphys Saturday night, Brought 5 friends because I bragged this place was so good, um... not anymore. Food was ok at best, me and a buddy ordered same food and his was half the size of mine, no free bread anymore either. My buddy ordered sausage platter appetizer that never even showed up at the table even after asking waiter that said it was coming out soon. Food had very little german appeal, flavor was lacking and food was dry. Asked waiter what was going on and said he has communication problems in kitchen because they only speak spanish (WTH). Why is there Spaghetti being served at a German Resturant (really)..... Their mixed drinks are horrible too, no booze - it's all mix. Beers are good though. To top it off , the place was packed, seen other diners complaining as well, and they shut the kitchen down at 8:30 and shut the bar down at 9:00 because they couldn't handle the work load, they need to get their act together. I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO HAUS MURPHYS, the drive is too far to get the lack in quality of food we received.  I will go to Bavarian Point in Mesa from now on, atleast the the cook there is a real German and knows how to cook real German food. Sorry Haus Murphys you were good while it lasted.....
4	2nd meet up for the International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) for 2014 and Haus Murphy was the place picked to try! It was a big group this time; we took 2 tables, holy cow!! Our server was a little frazzled about having to deal with this. We were pretty darn close to the bar and our server told me that he was not taking any drink orders until everyone had arrived and I had already known some were 10 to 15 mins out, so off to the bar I went!  I'm still fairly new to the whole ordering beer, so when I walked up to the bar the bar tender asked what do I like, and I told him I'm still unsure, since I'm new to drinking beer, he said oh you must be 21 haha Love him!! He offered me samples of all the beers they have on tap, which I thought I was pretty sweet and I went with a nice glass of Warsteiner Dunkel, it went perfectly well with everything! Kudos to the bar tender!   When I had already ordered my drink my server came to me and told me well I'm taking drink orders now, and I told him you told me to go to the bar and get my own drink so I did and I have.  Everyone placed their order, even folks who arrived 20 mins late got their order in, everyone except me got their food, even my daughter who was on the same check as me, ten minutes go by and the server noticed I didn't have my meal, oh it must have been forgotten. UGH!!!! I was upset!! But within minutes my food appeared and I took a bite and OMG ITS DELISH!!! and being upset slowly faded away, one could say I ate my feelings LOL (not really)   I ordered the Huhner (Chicken) Schnitzel with German fried potatoes and Wirsing, it did also come with a bowl of split pea soup, which was amazing, reminded me of the times I went to Pea Soup Andersen's in California, so good! The schnitzel with mushroom gravy was soo yummy!! Couldn't believe I ate it all!! It also came with fried taters and this Irish girl luvs them taters & wirsing, it was my 1st experience with that, didn't even know what I was eating when I started, it was creamy melty goodness, learned it was cream cabbage, omg really? That was dang good!But what I came for was the Sauerkraut Cake, yea that's right, sauerkraut cake!!! I have heard nothing but praise for this cake, they said its better than a death by chocolate cake!! I had to find out for myself!! OOOOMMMMYYYYYGGGAAAWWWDDD!!!! It's amazing!!  Sometimes the company makes the evening more pleasurable then the overall experience & the food was simply delicious , service well that could have been better.  I'm already craving some more schnitzel so I see myself coming back soon.
5	I came here for the International Supper Club. I have never had German food before. I sure am glad this was my first experience. It was so delicious. Hats off to our waiter Patrick for dealing with our large group. We took up two tables. He did a great job even with that many people. Sure it was a little slow but it was worth the wait and he did a great job remembering who got what. I felt bad bombarding him with that many people but he still did a fantastic job.I loved the food. And the large beers. That was a beer. Wooo good stuff. I got the paprika schnitzel on a recommendation. I can't describe how good it was. Words don't do it justice. Plus the boiled cabbage coleslaw stuff, whatever it was called, blew my mind. I could have had a whole plate of that stuff. Best GD coleslaw I have ever had. Lol. But put the schnitzel on another plate because I don't want to miss out on that either. I was full but wanted to eat more. So I did. The chocolate truffle cake was amazing too. Between the company, the amazing food, the awesome beer in the huge glass I had a great time.I will definitely be back with a large or small group. Even though it is a little far away from where I live it is worth the drive. I can't say enough about how good it was.
5	I absolutely love this place!!!  I had family in from out of town and said they just had to try Haus Murphy's. They loved it!!  Even my sister who is on the picky side. I would recommend coming here to anyone who wants authentic German fare or just really good food. Our waiter was fantastic, very attentive to our needs. The beer selection is wonderful. My favorite though is this creamy cheese and cabbage dish they make. Out of this world!!  Keep up the good work, you have a customer for life.
4	If you want authentic German food in the valley, go to Haus Murphy. It's the wurst!Large mugs of German beer are the perfect match for the big pretzels and spicy mustard. These are must-orders, especially if you arrive hungry. My one complaint was that the kitchen was so slammed that it took an hour for our food to arrive.Once it did, it didn't last on the table long. We devoured a variety of sausages, schnitzels and potato pancakes. The traditional kraut and red cabbage fit in nicely with the traditional meat-gasm items.Live polka, good beer and plenty of sausage. You'll swear you left Glendale and actually made it to Munich.
5	Where else can you sit outside for a nice lunch, guaranteed shade, full bar, and feel like you're back in Germany - Haus Murphy's.  We were greeted by a nice German lady who warned us of a couple of sweat bees that were wanting a taste a beer but weren't interested in the people.   No bother.  They left us alone.  Lunch was great!  I had a daily special sandwich that was hackbraten on grilled rye bread.  I can't remember what it was called.  My hubs is a sucker for Sauerbraten.  Also ordered a plate of potato pancakes.  Best pancakes we have found, ever. My mom and step dad aren't impressed with this place as they used to be and they live in the area but I had to see for myself.  It's too bad their experiences aren't what we had.  We loved it.  Also tried the new Schoffhofer grapefruit beer.  I am on the hunt for this stuff now.  It's so good!   I handed my hubs the keys and ordered another.  Too bad we cannot get the beer here in Michigan.  The bill was a little hefty but we weren't watching it and it was worth the wonderful afternoon of leisurely lunching with the old folks on a weekday afternoon. There isn't a large selection of German restaurants in the Valley but you don't need anymore more when you have Haus Murphy in downtown Glendale.
5	Now my US favorite German Restaurant!!   Food was beyond excellent, very authentic and huge portions!!  Two Reislings available - a lot for a rather small wine list.  Pat, our server, was A++, but all servers seemed friendly and very efficient.Sure wish we had one of these in Bakersfield!!
4	Sunday was my friend Dave's anniversary, sadly his wife passed away in December.  We had a memorial for her Saturday night, and Sunday Dave invited me to dinner for his anniversary, not that I'm as good looking as Kris was.  We decided on Papadeaux, but I'd forgotten that this week was Mardi Gras and they were packed.  Dave was lamenting the passing of Felsen Haus when I remembered that there's a great German restaurant in Glendale.  Having never been there before, I didn't have a clue what the name was, but Yelp, searching for German and Glendale, led me right there.  And after a quick call, we found out there was no wait and headed across town.Dave served in the Army in Germany, and he really liked his meal.  He found the menu very impressive and enjoyed flexing his German language muscles with the staff.  His schnitzel was not the precise one he was looking for, but he enjoyed it nonetheless.Me, I had the Tirol chicken, and was pleased.  I am anti-fungus and was able to avoid the mound placed on my plate, I should have asked if they were incorporated in what I thought was a sauce or were on the side and could have had them removed.Sadly, I'm not a beer drinker (yet: we're going to Europe next year, that could change) and didn't have one.  Dave had a half liter of something or other and was quite pleased, said it was definitely like he had when he was based there.Definitely recommended.  Very good food, excellent staff.  Well worth the trip.
4	Wow Saturday is busy with Glendale Glitters.  This is our go to spot for German food.  It is fun with a great atmosphere.  The food here is worth trying.  They have great sides to go with their meals.  The chocolate sauerkraut cake is so perfect.  You should go and enjoy the food and ambiance.
5	This place is great.  We went on a Friday night.  The food was excellent, service was great.  Angela was our server and made sure we never lacked drinks and that our food came out at a great, comfortable pace.  Great live German music and an excellent outdoor seating area.And beer in 32oz steins.  Gotta love that!
3	Wow the sausage selection here is killer! When we arrived, a German style band was playing. Unfortunately, they were replaced by an excellent female singer.... Just doesn't do the mood. Definitely got to order a boot.. A very cute large glass of beer that require a debit card to order. Our favorite sausage was the kilometer... Large, smokey, delicious. We also like the spicy rote and sweet Guinness sausage. I don't normally like sauerkraut but I loved the sauerkraut! Subtle, tasty, keeps me coming back for more! The beer was great also. I'm a dark stout lover so the celebrator was perfect! We came here because it was a tradition... For being my first time, I would come back. It is a very cool, casual ambiance with staff dressed in kinda traditional garb. Give this place a try, just don't come here for a special occasion except ocktberfest!
4	If you want some decent German food, this is the place.  Wow - everything was pretty good from the beer, to the wine.  Ask your server for help.  They are very knowledgeable.We will definitely go again.
4	Sorry but I have to take it down a notch. We love this place because the food is phenominal, the atmosphere is friendly and they serve some of our favorites, like the german salad and schnitzel, but they have changed their menu. Green beans there were fantastic, and they traded them for boring mushrooms. They did have an unbelievable beef gulosh which is now beef and pork...I don't know what is up with all the changes, but why rattle your frequent customers by switching from perfection which is why we keep coming back? Oh, and if you haven't tried Schofferhauffer...its a grapefruit flavor beer that tastes like summer, fabulous.
3	Okay food.  Wiener schnitzel lacked flavor, waiter  as  as he thought he was.  Portions are reasonable sized and prices are decent.   Lousy neighborhood with homeless in front of restaurant.   If you must have German food, this place will suffice.
4	Great food, service not so much! Let me first say that we had a large group and one server  was definitely not enough but Patrick gave it a great effort. On the other hand we did call in a reservation so perhaps a bit more preparation on their part would have been helpful so all of us might  have been served and waited upon in a more timely manner. Also, I didn't know it went against protocol to turn around and ask the bar tender whom was not busy to refill a soda. I guess it was since I was told that was my server's job and he would get it, apprarently if he was I woudn't be asking the bar, enough said.It was my first time at Haus Murphy and one of the best things about going with a big group is friends share. I ordered the Kilometer sausages, with fried potatoes and sauerkraut. The sausages were Hungarian, great flavor and so big they hung off the sides of the plate. I've never liked sauerkraut growing up but theirs I liked. My food was excellent and back to the friends and sharing, we exchanged bites, sausage for schnitzel, I tried a few, and every bite was amazing! I was getting quite full but since it's quite some distance from where I lived I figured I better try dessert. Oh bread pudding would have made the evening, but unfortunately for me but probably fortunately for my waistline they had just ran out. I'd go back again, the food is definitely worth coming back for!
5	Never had a bad meal at Haus Murphy's and it is part of the rotation when we have out of town guests.  If you like German food I would highly recommend this place!
1	Went to Haus Murphy's on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm. This was our first visit so we took our exchange students from Germany with us. We drove all the way from Queen Creek (about an hour) They were very excited about an authentic German meal. They shared the $35.00 "variety" platter to share and I had the Saur Bratten. The food was sub-par and luke warm. The meats were tough and chewy and the schnitzel was over cooked. When one of the German boys asked for ketchup the waitress asked "what are you going to ruin with that?" She then tried to tell them "That's not what they put on schnitzel in Germany"  and proceeded to almost argue with them about it.  I felt this place was overpriced and the service was horrible! I will not be driving back again.
5	I haven't been to Germany but I have been to Haus Murphy's. Why does this matter? Haus Murphy's makes me feel like I haven't missed out on the great beer halls of Europe.My first visit to Haus Murphy I was serenaded by a tubist (Duane) and an accordion player (Elmer). Both gents were wearing short lederhosen and alpine hats (complete with a feather!) Perhaps entertained by my slack jawed expression they asked for my name.  And so I heard the song "Good night Irene" as performed by a tuba and an accordion. These guys are here on Friday and Saturday nights, 6:30-8:30pm. They take requests!You should come hAngry. The food is served in enormous sized portions. The Wiener Schnitzel is perfectly delivered. "But Irene. You haven't been to Germany!" Heck no. But I've been to Vienna and have gobbled my way thru many a schnitzel.  Haus Murphy's version is tenderly prepared, lightly fried in such a way you want to forget about the calories involved. I've had the good fortune to enjoy the indoor and outdoor spaces, in small, medium and large groups. The outside space is a wonderful venue to enjoy people watching. The indoor space readily accommodates larger parties. I would recommend coordinating in careful detail if your party is larger than ten. At my last visit for Int'l Supper Club the staffing was a little stretched for a party of our magnitude. We ended up walking to the bar to obtain our drinks, which wasn't really too much of an issue.Haus Murphy's is a really fun place to visit and dine. Also, RSVP for holiday events as they fill up!
3	Drove 30 minutes to get there and was excited to try a highly rated German restaurant which are hard to find.  First off, our server Nikki was fabulous.  Professional, friendly and aiming to please.  The sauerkraut puffs were a disappointment.  Mostly mashed potatoes fried.  No sauerkraut flavor.  The cream of chicken Florentine was delicious; properly seasoned and full of spinach, sun dried tomatoes and chunks of chicken.  My Wiener schnitzel was wonderful in texture, but lacked seasoning.  Needed a little garlic salt maybe.  The creamed wising on the side was blah and just luke warm.  The German potatoes looked like they'd just been reheated (maybe several times!).  My husband's sauerbraten was just ok.  His purple sauerkraut was excellent, but the spaetzle were tasteless doughy worms.  Was excited to try the apple strudel which is made on site.  Unfortunately, it was not fresh.  The pastry was mushy and apples overdone.  I think if they tweaked thing a bit more it would be a better experience.
5	We brought my aunt to the restaurant to experience the food she grew up with as a child in Nuremberg. Her first comment with her first taste was "it tastes just like home". What a tribute to the owner and the chef. The food was amazing, and we thoroughly enjoyed A.C., our waiter. We would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys the real flavors of Germany.
4	Part of my family is German and let me say this is definitely authentic food! The food is good and the beers are large. Everything is large. When you go, be prepared to take home a lot of food. I ordered the wiener snitzel and when it came I was overwhelmed. It fed me dinner for three nights!The service was friendly but a bit confused. They didn't ask if we were ready to order, we had to ask to order and then they didn't ask the whole table but went back and forth putting orders in one at a time.My friend had the kilometre, which was a huge sausage with a bit of spice to it. It was about 2 feet long! The atmosphere is cute and very pub like. The waiters are all dressed in German attire and they are playing German music. I would return again.
5	Ive wanted to come here for a long time. Finally made it and well worth the trip. It was very good. Only complaint was slow. Perhaps going sat afternoon they thought I wasnt in a hurry. I wasnt so it was ok. Will be back, lots of stuff on the menu to try.
5	This IS as good as it gets for authentic German food in Arizona.I went here with a large party for my birthday dinner. We called ahead and they were very accommodating. We enjoyed a variety of absolutely delicious cold beers to start it off in large 1 liter glasses. Schnitzel was crunchy and delicious, and I sampled the jaegerschnitzel as well that my wife had. Also phenominal. For my birthday was was serenaded by an accordian player in German. I don't speak any German, so he may have been saying anything, but it was unique and very fun. Split tabs was not a problem and the staff was on top of serving us. I can't wait to go back! Easy to run up a big bill though with all the delicious food and beer, but it was worth the money.
4	Good find! Food interesting! Would come back with a bigger crowd so I could sample more variety! Reny was attentive however a waitress at the front was complaining about work schedule loud enough for customers to hear full conversation!
5	I love going to Guy Fieri's local hand picked spots....Hands down my favorite place for beer and pretzels. Love, love, love, the horseradish for dipping and you cant get upset with a place that serves 32oz beers. The glasses are bigger than my head. I can never finish it. My love and I made an appearance here on date night last week, so our dining was casual with drinks. Bradford was our server. He was fantastic. They close at 9 during the week but, were good sports and stayed open until we were finished with our drinks. Bradford invited us back on the weekend for live bands (which Joe and I LOVE.) Love going here great service, great people, great food.
4	We stepped into the restaurant on a hot summer evening dressed in shorts and tank tops. The AC  made the front part of the restaurant too cold for us so they led us to the back(this place is huge!) where our server happened to be named AC...least I think that was his name, little Irish Italian guy who does a pretty legit pronunciation of German menu items. He was super hyper and enthusiastic about his love for the place. He expressed genuine love and admiration for the owners, and the business they built, and he totally made our night. Summer is the slow season in town as sweltering 100+degrees drive people away. It's a shame that this restaurant isn't always packed to the brim because it's located in a cute historic part of town within an old brick building and it has so much character.The former business, which was an old soda/pharmacy/ice cream shop, was named Murphy's. As an homage to the former business the German owners, when they took over the location named their restaurant Haus Murphy's and thus we get a German/Irish hybrid named restaurant that causes a bit of disgruntled murmurs with German/Irish patrons. Descendants ask is this a German restaurant or an Irish restaurant? This is a 100% authentic German restaurant. Once a year they reconcile the controversy with their name by making and serving amazing corned beef during St. Patty's day, and you can wash it down with one of the in house German beers. No Guiness! They stick to their roots here which is what I like. They know where and when to compromise with their food, and I'm glad they are stubborn about keeping the establishment as close to their German heritage as possible. Sauerbraten was what we ordered. It was one of the dishes featured on Diners and Drive in and was labeled on the menu with a little icon to indicate that. The meat is marinated in spices for many days to achieve it's smoky clove scented flavor. It was really a delicious sauce which I tried tosop up every inch of. I also loved the spaetzl noodles. They were delicious as the noodles in chicken noodle soup, and they were equally as tasty on their own as a side which I used to sop up the sauerbraten sauce.We finished with a slice of the sauerkraut chocolate cake. You couldn't taste the sauerkraut one bit and the cake disappointed us. The cake wasn't as moist as we would've liked and instead all the moistness came from the dense and intense chocolate frosting. Overall a great experience, albeit a bit on the spendy side. The Sauerbraten dish was priced at $19. Yikes!
5	I've been to Haus Murphy's twice now (once for my birthday, once for the World Cup finals), and both times were incredible! I have a lot of Germany heritage, and grew up in a VERY German area of Pennsylvania. When I got to Phoenix I searched high and low for German restaurants and this is the only authentic one I could find, and it does not disappoint.The Service:Service has been great both times. Staff is very courteous, and the first time we went our waiter gave us the full history of the restaurant and explanation of German food, traditions, etc. He grew up in Germany and had awesome stories to tell.The Food:I admittedly ordered the same thing both times I went: Weinerschnitzel. It was too good not to order again! The schnitzel itself is always lightly breaded and fried, just like it should be. It comes with German fried potatoes and Wirsing (a chopped, creamy savoy cabbage side dish that is nearly impossible to find in most restaurants). Both are delicious. Also the portions of everything are huge!My guests ordered the "Schweizer Schnitzel," "Huhner Scnitzel," "The BIG Smokey Beef Brat," "Nurnberger Bratwurstchen," and "Rote Bratwurst." All the brats were very tasty, and most come with homemade sauerkraut (by far the best sauerkraut I've ever had -- my wife who usually refuses to eat it enjoyed theirs).As far as appetizers go you also can't go wrong with the Potato Pancakes or Oktoberfest Pretzel (HUGE - big enough for 3 or 4 people).Price:Haus Murphy's is on the pricier side ($19.95 for the Weinerschnitzel), but that's really pretty typical for good Weinerschnitzel, and the portions are so large that you can make it into two meals. All the brat meals were $10-$11 and they have a good variety of sandwiches that are around $8-$10 which is good if you're on a tighter budget.The Decor: Very unique and eclectic German decor. Lots of interesting "knick-knacks," paintings, etc. Many of the waitresses dress in Lederhosen which adds a nice touch.Wunderbar:Haus Murphy's has a bar/lounge in the back called Wunderbar. We came here to watch the Germany v. Argentina World Cup finals and it was an awesome experience. Tons of screaming German fans all packed into a room lined with German flags and beer steins. It felt like we were in another country. They also have a ton of German beers on tap (including Stofferhoffer -- one of my all time favorites).Overall, great food, great atmosphere, I HIGHLY recommend it! Excited to come back when they have live music and polka!
5	They have an awesome deal going on this month: 4 course meal for 2 people only 35$. We are definitely coming back for the cabbage soup during the colder months. I wish they would bottle their hot mustard for resale!!!!! Yum yum.
5	My Sister and Brother-in-law took me to my favorite restaurant Haus Murphy for my birthday and believe me when I say, this place is so much fun! The food is absolutely the best German food in the U.S., seriously, I would have to go to Berlin to get better and I even doubt that.
4	We had the sampler and it was great. A couple german beers recommended by our knowledgeable waiter and a great dinner. Next time im going to try some other offerings as I have more idea what I like.
5	German food: What is German food? Is it good? These were two of my questions, prior to coming here. I absolutely love it! I love  the sauerkraut, the brauts, the schnitzel, and the pretzels! The food here is amazing and the service is terrific. Now I'm a German food lover.  Oktoberfest is almost here! We'll be reserving our table this coming week. Can't wait!!
5	Having grown up with a German mother who made great German food, I'm always skeptical of German restaurants.  I'd heard and read good things about Haus Murphy's so we decided to try it.  We were very pleasantly surprised!  The food was the best I'd had this side of mom's.  I had the Roladen and my girl friend had the Paprika Schnitzel - both were excellent.  The side dishes were good to above average and the beer we chose at the suggestion of our waiter, John (sp?), was also excellent.  John was engaging, friendly, and very helpful in all respects, without being intrusive.  We will definitely go back!
5	YUM. One of our favorite restaurants!   An absolute referral.  Friendly staff.  Music is fun and so are the other diners.  Food is outstanding!   I've had German food elsewhere and it was heavy and greasy.  Not true here!  Very good filling food!   Go for the beer as well - authentic goodness.  Not cheap but worth it!
5	This place has great German food and beer. Dining inside is okay, but in the cooler months the patio outside is the place to be. I have been here several times and they have never messed up my order, the food is good and the staff is nice. Closest thing to German food, short of being in Germany!
5	Loved it. Went with the husband and friends, which meant I got to try a bit of everything. Everything was outstanding.
4	The hubby is half German, so whenever we can find German food, we have to have some.  This place is good.  Has a good Schnitzel( and big!).  We have been here twice and enjoyed both times.  We came yesterday and enjoyed the food.  Had a Jagerschnitzel, and although it was good, the gravy was sparse and a bit bland.  My hubby had the ziguenerschnitzel, which was tasty.  Really enjoyed the potatoes and the new cabbage dish.The service was good, price is still fine.  I saw in a previous review that someone grumped about the new menus.  Its not the menu that brings me into a place, its the food!
5	This place was fabulous! The atmosphere was delightful and our server was a true German. There were four of us eating, we split the Brie and croute, fantastic! we each had different Schnitzel, however the Wiener schnitzel was the best!! Sooo amazing!! Wow! I can't wait to come back!
2	I have wanted to eat at Haus Murphy's for years! Finally I was able to check this place out on my last visit to AZ. Although it was featured on Food Network, I was a little disappointed. Come prepared with Tums to naw on after you eat too. I left with the most wicked case of heart burn! I was expecting a more authentic feel to the enviornment and it was lacking. The food was ok, I had the pretzel crusted schnitzel, mashed potatoes, red cabbage and spaetzle. It was a little bland and had a lot of grease! I have had better German food with better ambience and the service was a little to be desired. I am glad I finally went, but I will look elsewhere for German food in the future.
3	I like the place. very friendly people. very good food. The only problem I had was, three plates, three drinks, and a tip was over $100. That was a surprise.
4	My first time here to an Oktoberfest. Fun, fun, fun. A traditional German band leads everything from drinking songs (repetitive chants of, "Raise your stein") to dance events, stein holding contests, etc. You get the picture. But how they convert the back 40 of this small, downtown-Glendale, German restaurant to a beer garden is something to be applauded. The weather is perfect in late October, the music transcending, the food fantastic and the beer and wine free-flowing. Well-done Haus Murphy's, well-done.
3	I used to live in Germany and my boyfriend's Oma would make rouladen. Most favorite German dish! I was super excited to enjoy it again and I wasn't disappointed with the rouladen other than the fact I was looking forward to the mini pickle in the middle that I thought was standard? Maybe it was just a family thing. I was not impressed at all with the spaetzle. It was flavorless. Could have used a visit to the sautee pan with some butter and spices. Definitely opt for the potatoes instead which are so flavorful and decadent! Potato pancakes were decent and the cherry struedel was very true to german bakery style. Service was just ok. I was bummed our server didn't go over specials because we overheard another server telling his table about them and they sounded delicious! Oh well. I'd say we'll try the specials next time but I rarely get in the mood for German food and its a bit pricy to be visited often.
4	We always enjoy our visits to this restaurant. It's so nice to sit out on the little patio courtyard at night under the lights and take in the view.   Service can be hit or miss, depending on how busy they are.Food is pretty good.They have the most amazing sauerkraut, it's almost a little sweet, and not like any sauerkraut I've had before. The German fried potatoes are delicious, crispy and well flavored.  We had bratwurst and schnitzel last night.  I thought the bratwurst was a little bland, and will try a different type of sausage next time.
2	Some of the worst German food I've ever had.  The server was very nice though, and the pretzel was okay.
4	went there for sunday dinner before Sunday nite Packer game.  our party of 4 sat out in the biergarten for beer and appetizers - had the pretzel and haus cheese with 4 rolls. we ordered too much bready but it was good.   the staff was accommodating when we asked nicely to move indoors for our entrees, due to flies coming out wanting our appies.  we ordered 3 different dinners and shared which was plenty of food after appies and soup.  enjoyed a schnitzel, sauerbraten (a little chewy/dry)  and Hungarian wurst (lots of great flavor).  mostly loved the dumpling and spaetzle and blaukraut and wirsing (creamed sauerkraut).  overall it's fun to go to a german place in Arizona with waitresses in dirndls and we had good enough food and service.
1	I went last night for the first time. I was very excited as I lived in Germany for five years and love German food. My companion and I tried the Sauerbraten and Beef Roulade. These are two of my favorite German dishes. I was sorely disappointed. The meat was tough and flavorless as was the Spatzle and Potato Dumpling. The Red Cabbage  was good but I've tasted just as good out of a can. The highlight of the meal was the Onion Soup. That was truly delicious. However, not worth the $45 bill for two people for just the entrees. The Service was excellent with no complaint there. However, I expected much more, especially from a restaurant that has been around as long as this one. If you want to try a truly excellent German restaurant go to The German Cafe in Sierra Vista. It will give you a taste of really authentic German cooking.
3	Beer selection is pretty good- quite a few good German beers to try. The food is great too, I really enjoyed the paprika schnitzel. The downside here was the service. The waitress was incredibly slow. I think we waited 20 minutes for our beer and appetizers after we ordered them and she did not come around to ask if we wanted refills on the beers until we were all done eating. It was not a busy night either, which was disappointing. Overall great food but extremely slow service.
4	The service was not the most prompt and we waited for quite some time for our drinks and food. That being said we came here the night of Glendale glitters so in fairness they were packed. It may have been a fluke. The beers were fantastic and the perfect temperature and the food was very good and extremely authentic. We definitely will go back, maybe during a less busy time.
4	I have been here several times and I always order the same thing.  Potato pancakes are my very favorite and theirs are delicious.  I got an order and it had 4 large potato pancakes with sour cream and applesauce.  I ate every bite and wanted to scrape the plate for more.  We sat on the patio and the weather was perfect.  It was crowded for a week night but we got great service, as there were 9 of us for dinner.  The lights from Glendale Glitters was an added bonus.  Glendale always has a beautiful display of lights.  This is our Christmas dinner restaurant each year and I hope the tradition continues.
5	Only place in the valley to go for German fare. I recommend the Jagerschnitzle.
2	I'm surprised at the number of positive reviews . My experience was one of disappointment. I highly looked forward to eating here and expected an extraordinary meal. Mediocre service and less than memorable food sullied  the experience. The paprika schnitzel was dull, tasteless and a major dissatisfaction. The sides were equally dismal. I may try this place again only to try the sausages which I saw served to a nearby table and immediately wished I had ordered instead after sampling my meal.
5	Came here this afternoon for dinner and it did not disappoint!  First time having German food and we will be back for sure!  Had the paprika schnitzle...sooo good.  Hubby had the guiness brats that he said were amazing.  There were 7 of us and not one complaint!  Tried the bread pudding, cherry streudle and apple streudle for dessert.  Until next time Haus Murphey's!
5	First time visit. Went to see the Christmas lights in downtown Glendale. Heated patio, large beer hall / sports bar atmosphere, authentic German food. Party of four, early dinner at 5pm. Filled up fast. Good service. Recommend the pork schnitzel, kraut and potato meal. Winter menu is edited down. A fun experience, walk off the beer looking at the lights and maybe visit the Cerreta candy a few blocks down.
3	Not really a beer garden, or at least not like the ones I'm used to. It was my first time having a Schnitzel so I thought it was pretty good. They didn't have that many beer on tap and what they did have was just okay. FYI we heard that the Restaurant Stakeout (or whatever the show was called) was all staged... bummer.
4	Very nice time with friends and family! The food was good, the 32-oz beer was tasty and the atmosphere was pretty authentic (so I'm told. I never been to Germany.) I wasn't a fan of the cheese type soup and, like any normal person, I didn't like the sauer kraut. Otherwise, the sausage, German potatoes and wiener snitzel (sp?) were great!The 32-oz beer was $11 and our meals were $14.95 each. All in all, not too bad at all.
3	Good sauerkraut, and beef bratwurst. The sauerkraut chocolate cake was fresh and delicious!
2	Really wanted to go to Haus Murphy's for quite awhile.. Attempted 3X this week.. Today was the day.  I'm The hostess was short, direct and to the point.. not very pleasant. The potato cake were outstanding , baked bri was also really good. The sausage sampler tasted old couldn't even get it down. Haus goulash tasted like Dinty Moore beef stew. The bathroom needed cleaning, the rug runner that in the dining area looked so dirty it needs to be replaced  at least a year overdue. The beer was awesome.
4	Wife wanted to celebrate the completion of a long term goal and a local friend suggested this place.  However, due to the cold snap we decided upon pho but couldn't locate the place and realized we were right across the corner from Haus Murpheys and decided to pay it a visit instead.I will start with a disclaimer stating that I have no idea what good german food is or should taste like.Really loved our dining experience here.  Deduct one star for the slow service.  But in our servers defense, she was helping out in two separate rooms and seemed a little over taxed.We started with the stuffed mushrooms and was delighted with the taste of the spicy sausage that came through.  Good enough that I could have just eaten a few plates of these for the entire meal.For the main course we split the Bauernplatte platter which ended up being more than we could handle.  So lets talk meat.  The brauts were great, rote being the better of the two imo, since the german one seemed a bit lacking in flavor.  The Hackbraten, aka meatloaf, was really good and pared well with the spicy mustard.  Next up was the Kassler, which was basically a thick ass ham steak.  It's pork, so, Awesome!  The final slab of meat was the schnitzel which I was surprised with how much I liked it.  Reason was that it was quite rare, which I wasn't sure if it should be or not but it made the texture very delicate and almost melted.For the non-meat items, the german potatoes were the best.  If only breakfast places could serve potatoes like this!  The regular sauerkraut had good flavor but was too soft for my taste.  The red sauerkraut didn't appeal to me at all.  Least liked was the spatzle.  I just don't get it.  Just little noodles of blah.   As if this wasn't enough to bring about a food coma, we followed it up with the sauerkraut cake since this is what our friend insisted we should try if we visit.  Chocolate nirvana.  I can only handle small amounts of rich chocolate so only had a few bites but it was seriously good stuff.Oh, and the beer.  Not much of a german beer fan since I'm into IPAs but the big ass stein of Octoberfest was pretty decent.Overall, a very enjoyable night out and one I'd certainly be willing to repeat again if we are in the neighborhood again.
4	I came to this place on a Sunday exploring West Phoenix beer options (beyond the bud light crowd) and was not disappointed. We had pretzels and sausages in the bar where the bar tender was knowledgable about their beers and very helpful. On that trip, we bought tickets to Octoberfest here and brought our families in October. We had a blast!The food is uniformly good and the beer comes in liters. It is like drinking from a fish bowl. Who wouldn't like that?!
4	How much great things can I say about this restaurant? Service was excellent, food was excellent, portions were huge. At least 2 adults can share any pasta dish or nightly special. The desserts were amazing, especially the beignets and red velvet cake! My 7 year old got the "make your own cupcake" plate and was in heaven! Best $7.95 ever spent, you actually get 5 cupcakes in that one dessert. The chicken picatta and mediterranean mahi mahi were top notch. This one one of the best overall restaurants I've ever visited. Will definitely be on the to-do list every Chicago visit.
