5	Items Selected:Last Word - London Dry Gin, Green Chartreuse, Maraschino, Lime, Egg WhiteRapid Descent - Genever, Orange Curacao, Lemon, Eau De VieShigoku Oysters2xFried Chicken - Kanzuri, Green Tea LimeOctopus - Haricot Vert, Egg Yolk, Enoki MushroomDuck Breast - Shitake Marmalade, ScallionVeggie Tempura - Seasonal Selection, Daikon PonzuCharred Eggplant - Japanese Mint, Plum, PeanutsDuck Leg - Plum BBQ, Herbs, Steam BunsJapanese Griddle Cake - Squid, Green Papaya, Thai Basil (Okonomiyaki)NY Aged Strip Steak - Wagyu, Nori, Mushroom, PeppercornPork Shoulder - Kimchi, CilantroDoughnuts - Tofu, Sweet Potato, RosemarySoft Serve - Coffee, Fernet Caramel, Pop Rocks, NoriIn a city full of displaced Chicagoans longing for their beef, dogs, and deep dish it would seem odd to some that one of the most exciting Windy City imports to Sin City in years has arrived in the form of Japanese Street food but having been lucky enough to attend the soft opening this Saturday suffice it to say that Yusho is poised to buck the trend of "celebrity chef" Strip-side dining.  Owned by Matthias Merges and nothing short of stellar in its Avondale location where service, sourcing, and skills befitting his Michelin starred past found new footing in reinterpreted yakitori, a visit to Yusho at the Monte Carlo begins with the space, a jazzed up version of the original with a long floorplan plus eye-popping colors juxtaposing the gleaming open kitchen and with knowledgeable servers brought in from icons like Savoy and Robuchon without any pomp or pretense the 'experience' unfolds like few others - casually refined and a whole lot of fun, the kitchen and front of house doing each other justice even on day one.  Speaking to the cuisine itself, having already visited the original twice a few selections were made while allowing the kitchen carte blanche otherwise and beginning with pristine oysters each of the eleven courses that followed proved superlative, the signature 2xChicken as good as ever while eggplant, pork shoulder, and crispy duck served with bao all served notice that that Fat Choy is no longer the only game in town.  Surprised by the nutty, acid kissed octopus before being wowed by both the umami-laden wrapped Wagyu and a fluffy okonomiyaki serving up funk and heat tempered by fruit it was finally with a duo of desserts that we concluded and although the softserve remains a worthy staple it was the doughnuts that stole the show, an unexpected lightness from the tofu beneath sophisticated herbal notes and crystallized ginger, just barely sweet.  Admittedly a fan of Chef Merges dating back to a meal partly responsible for stoking my love of fine dining during his tenure at Charlie Trotter's only time will tell whether such a radical departure from the Vegas 'norm' will yield success, but with a great team already in place and a dynamic cocktail menu including several draught options alongside the sort of food this city has not yet seen I know I'll be back soon because whether for drinks, bites, or a full meal Yusho is the sort of restaurant Las Vegas Boulevard needs.
5	My new fav on the strip. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing food & cocktails that are one of a kind. Note to everyone out there try to sit near the kitchen, by far the best seat in the house! This will quickly become the hottest place in Vegas! Welcome to Vegas Yusho, happy you are finally here!! :)
5	Go for the food, stay for the cocktails!  Wejust happened on this place (inside the Monte Carlo), and were rewarded with excellent meal and wonderful cocktails. Server was good, too--attentive and had great recommendations. My favorite was the Cod Steam Bun which was cod on top of the bun (not enclosed as I expected);  and so I ate it like a taco.  Great flavor and crispy fish.  My dining companion had the su vid chicken  (which is 'cooked' su vid then  grilled on the outside. He said it was the best chicken he ever had anywhere, anytime.  Dont forget to order cocktails--we tried just about everything on cocktail menu and the only thing that was less than stellar was the daiquri. Highly recommend the one-can't remember it's name--that was served in old school champagne glass and had whipped egg whites ( plus other stuff that I cant remember!)  in it.  Outstanding!
4	Delicious, unique, friendly. A keeper, will definitely go back.
5	Visited Yusho the week they opened and I CANNOT say enough good things. Wonderful Foodie Find. It's a high-end take on Japanese streetfood and you WILL NOT be disappointed.  From the draft cocktails (deceptively strong, but THOROUGHLY amazing -  I had a G&T - they make their own tonic and wow is it good!) and the house-made pickles (we ordered seconds), to the buns (I LOVED the cod), the twice-friend chicken (YUM!), grilled octopus salad, and the ramen you will love every bite! Make sure to save room for dessert! They're take on donuts and soft-serve will have you ordering more!
4	Fast, efficient service. We stopped by here after a few drinks and they were great. We ordered our food and when our dishes came our and asked ourselves 'what's this!?' Our waitress was right next to us to remind us of our choice in entree. Quality of food was superb. I would recommend this place and definitely come back again!!
3	The service is excellent! The food is way to exotic for tourist.  I enjoyed the service by far but the restaurant food is way to sweet for me.  I was thinking it would be more savory because it's noodles.  I'm not a huge fan and would not come back.  I do however enjoy the service a lot!  Great team, please fix the menu and I'll come back.
1	The Yusho stands for YU SHOuld not go to this place.At first i saw the sign and i was super excited I could not wait for this place to open it's doors because i love Japanese style grilling. Yakitori and Robatayaki is the best and they have noodles too? Bonus!!!!Every time i drove by the sign "Yusho Japanese Grill & Noodle House" I could just imagine myself eating tender cuts of charred chicken and steak off of skewers and then slurping up delicious noodles bathed in brothy goodness.  My mouth would water just at the thought of it.- I could not wait for this place to open its doors because it's such a perfect combo and there really is nobody on the strip doing this at a reasonable price.  BOOOM!....AWAKEN FROM THE DREAM.....As i walked in i noticed was there was a lot of outdoor patio furniture clumsily arranged in front of the entrance...uh oh i felt a disturbance in the Japanese Feng Shui force. Making my way into the restaurant i was greeted immediately by a very friendly staff, perhaps too friendly...........The restaurant has a very simple atmosphere, not reminiscent of any kind street food dining i have ever encountered. It's more like this cafeteria i went to at Depauw University in Indiana that i was visiting back in 1998.   Dark wood colors and  a blend of white and yellow light that is confusing, mixed with bad fabrics and colors that don't match.  What ever happened to the good ol Japanese Feng Shui? I am not a feng Shui expert but if i was i would give it 1 Feng on a scale of 1-10 with 10 being a perfect Feng Shui.   There was definitely no Feng Shui Consultant involved in any part of the design of this place. The articles have praised Yusho as a high end elevated take on Japanese street food. When i think of Japanese street food i think of carts lining the streets with smoke bellowing off grills as delicious cuts of meat on skewers are charring on the grill and ladles of noodles and steamy bowls of brothy goodness are being served in big bowls to a bustling crowd of hungry folk who only have a 15 minute lunch break.   Our order of elevated Japanese street food:Chub sausage steamed bun -- No elevation here it was just terrible couldn't eat more than one bite.  Terrible blood sausage. Since when is Sweet and Gritty good?  I still get a little sick just thinking about it. Duck Leg w Steam Bun -- No elevation-- pretty standard on this if you want a little duck and some bread and you have $25 to spare this will do. If i was stuck on a deserted island with only a Yusho restaurant to survive i would probably just eat these. Chicken Wings-- No elevation I like my wings with a little crispiness to them...there was no crispiness...  These were slimy and stuffed with a  filling that made it taste like a chicken meatball more than a wing.  No Yakitori or Robatayaki flavor goodness present. Ramen Noodles-- Probably the worst non elevation--- Precariously balancing on the bowl was a  rectangular meat stick of what tasted like Panko crumb fried Bumble Bee Tuna. .... .......We were told it was pork.  Much better places for ramen in Vegas and at $22 for a small bowl this one made me really wish i could just beam myself out of there immediately.   Where's a federation starship when you need one?  The hosts, server, busser provided excellent service.   Since this restaurant is part of the hotel we used our points for the meal and wanted to put a nice tip on a credit card because our waitress was the best ever and it's not her fault she has a terrible product to work with.  In comes a clueless aggressive girl manager who said they could not charge a tip on a credit card for the server and when i asked what they do when this happens she said that she encourages customers not to leave a tip. She reminded me of an angry badger. After a brief exchange of words where i educated her on the concept of protecting her staff.  She scampered away to try again and hallelujah she figured it out!  Obviously this is her first time as a restaurant manager. Sorry awesome staff your inexperienced angry badger manager is too lazy to help get you tips and is definitely the nail in the coffin for this place.  If this food was not elevated  i think the tourists would like it and there would be a chance of success. Tourists won't like the food and when they have an issue the badger will crush them.   It's just unbelievable that this  "elevated" street food is elevated by non other than Matthias Merges the executive chef from the infamous Charlie Trotters in Chicago- Arguably the greatest restaurant in modern Chicago History.  The only thing elevated about this place is the price. Mathias, i think it would be wise to make it an authentic Japanese street food experience.  Change the menu and concept and fire the clueless manager! Overpriced, non elevated bad  food, dull atmosphere, with good staff except for the badger.  YU SHOuld say Sayonara to Yusho.
4	Had a very delicious meal opening week at Yusho. Almost every single food item I tried was delicious. My favorites were: the octopus, the tofu, the fried oyster steam bun and finally, the BEST tempura I've ever had! The decor is great, feels very Chicago. Has an amazing view of the Strip, perfect to people watch. I give it four stars because I wasn't that crazy about the draught cocktails or the doughnuts.
2	I was very excited to try this place, but I walk out pretty disappointed with all the food. The crispy cod bun was heavy and the bun wasn't even special. Then it got worse. My bf ordered the mushroom ramen and I can say that is not ramen. It was just bad noodles in salty soy sauce broth. I couldn't even eat it. Then the grilled octopus appetizer wasn't even grilled octopus, and it was way too creamy and thick to eat. Fortunately the chicken wings were good and crispy. We asked for the check right away because we couldn't handle the food anymore. The server was great though, she knew all about the menu and attended to us quite often. And the outside seating was nice. I just wouldn't recommend the food.
2	I might give this place a 3 1/2 stars. This place opened up a week ago and i just had to try it because it is at monte carlo where i usually stay at.  Let me first off by saying the service itself was very good since one of the main guy Cory came to our table asking us how everything was and making sure we were happy. He even gave us a complimentary shashito pepper app which was very good..Thks Cory..ok now for the rest..We ordered housemade pickles, pork shoulder bun, steak with nori, chicken wings, shrimp ramen, and mushroom ramen.. The house made pickles were actually good..fresh and tangy and refreshing. But for $9 not worth it. One of the server also came and picked up the dish without asking us if we were done with the pickles and took it away when we had one pickle still left in the dish. for $9 im going to eat all the pickles but was unable to since the server took it off our table.The chicken wings had a good taste to them and i enjoyed it for the most part.. I would like the chicken wings more well done and crispier than how it was served . but overall not bad. $9...same price as the pickles which makes no sense.The pork shoulder bun was good..very good flavor..but the bun was cold. Im sure sitting outside played a role in the bun being cold . but i kinda expected a hot soft steaming bun. But maybe thats how its suppose to be served..not hot. The bun was $9..FOR ONE! cmon..i surely thought it was served with two..but they did warn us it was just one. Steak Nori was very very good..good flavors and the meat was tender and the nori was dry and crispy..how it should be..the mushrooms on top had a very nice flavor..but for $39 not worth it at all..The shrimp ramen was good for the most part..the only thing was the broth..it tasted very shell fishy..the noodles were cooked good and the shrimp was awesome..but the broth taste was a little off. The ramen was served in a tiny bowl which seemed like a large drinking cup..$22 not worth it at all.The mushroom ramen was good i enjoyed it..no complaints there at all..the mushrooms were good, the tofu had good flavor, nooodles were cooked al dente which i like. the broth had good flavor and i love soft boiled eggs and it had an egg in it which had a soft yoke. Again served in a tiny bowl ..not worth $17.Finally the shasito peppers..only complaint is ..wish it was cooked lil bit more..but thats just how I like them but this one was free so it was the best!!Ok...overall not bad..flavors were there but the food could be better..Cory kept asking how we liked it..and we told him it was good..i really didnt complain to him because my MAIN problem was the price and portion size which he cant really do anything about. Would i go back to Yusho?....maybe if someone treated me..but i would not go there again with those prices..the prices were ridiculously high for the portion size and the quality. Cory..lower the prices and give us bigger portions..then maybe il return..anyways thks for the experience:)Update: 11-29-14 visit..I revisted this place because i was inthe mood for some ramen..I figured its been a while so they mustve improved in some of the negatives i mentioned  above. Well it didnt.. the portions r still small(ramen). The only thing they did was serve the ramen in a bigger bowl making it seem like the portions are bigger. I got the kimchi ramen and the broth was sooo plain..needed spices or seasoning or something. Anyways i wont be coming back to this place unless im forced to, too drunk and dont know any better, or because im starving and thats the only place open.
1	Unreasonably overpriced. $22 for a ramen and barely got 3 spoonfuls of noodles. You can give this place a pass and not miss out on anything. Not to mention it did not taste good at all. No one in my party liked what they got.
5	I am able to say that I am one of the first people to experience Yusho in Las Vegas.  As an industry professional I am happy to say that I am impressed with the entire package. Usually with restaurants I expect there to be a lot of kinks in the food and the service, but tonight I was genuinely impressed. First, just entering Yusho set the tone, I was greeted warmly by the hostesses and management. There was an excellent vibe of please come and have a great time. After being escorted to my table multiple members of the service staff touched my table and introduced themselves.There was a great selection of craft and draft cocktails as well as sake and Japanese whiskey to choose from  The food was spot on!  Caramelized kimchee and and yakitori glazed octopus to start. The griddle cake was solid as well as the chub sausage steam bun. The tempura is the best in Las Vegas. My friends and I sampled almost the entire menu. I have to say for the quality of the food to the price that was paid, Yusho has earned my business.
5	In short: great atmosphere,  service was great, and food was delicious. I'm a foodie and wanted to try out this new place while I was staying at the Monte Carlo for the weekend. Staff was very friendly, and the service was prompt. Started with the duck legs which were fantastic and ordered the Steak Nori. Duck legs were flavorful and crispy. As other reviewers have mentioned, the Steak here is tender and perfectly done. This is definitely an upscale place with a relaxed vibe. Will return next time I come back.
5	great service. very good unusual food. the  food has origins from Japanese street food. the tofu steak  with Japanese mint pineapple, praline was excellent. Liked the house made pickled root veggies.  many other choices that looked good.good veggie restaurantthe dessert we has was the dougnuts made with added tofu, rolled in rosemary sugar, top with sweet potato sauce. .
5	Got to try Yusho this evening and man am I a fan.  We ate lightly this evening, sharing three or four appetizers, a main dish and a noodle dish between two people.  The staff was fantastic and worth a few stars by themselves.  The food was exquisitely prepared with subtle flavors that seemed to add complexity as you went through the dishes.  The Shishito peppers were a standout, as were the Chicken Drummies.  The main dish was a special tonight and although I don't remember the name, it was a fin forward tuna that was prepared with a crispy crust outside and a perfectly tender and flavorful fish on the inside, made only better with the accompanying peanut sauce, cole slaw and salad.  The atmosphere was great and the price was reasonable for a high quality place on the strip.  The restaurant is new and may still be working out kinks, but I am a fan and will definitely be back.
2	Came here wit high expectations non of which were meant...  This is one of the spots where the hype killed it. Food was blah and that was not a typo.  No wow factor here..  Flavorless and bland for most of the steam buns which the ratio of protein to veggies way off.  And the all famous duck leg....  This was the worse part of our meal..  Picture a cold tough and unseasoned duck leg smothered with sweet baby rays BBQ sauce..  Other than that the tacky Yusho t-shirts are also something to giggle at..  It isn't Easter anymore fellas.. Very disappointing...
5	Wow, just wow.  It was awesome!  Tuna collar was out of this world.  Grilled shrimp ramen was great too.  Order chicken drummies and you will not be disappointed.  Finish with soft serve and you have an incredible meal!
5	Beyond everything it's the great customer service. Great service. Wonderful staff. Amazing unique food. Everything is so flavorful.  Try the cole slaw and the New York steak. Amazing.Also the server Jon was on point! Knew everything about everything, like he owned the place. It was a great experience.
2	We were really excited to try this restaurant because we heard the restaurant in Chicago was a must try I even checked out their menu that intrigued me more I also was curious about this Asian fusion street food concept.  We went earlier in the evening so it wasn't busy at all maybe three parties sitting in the restaurant.  Out of all the tables for a party of two she sits us closest to the smoky loud casino.  So I request to sit some where more on the inside, I didn't understand this concept for a nice strip restaurant.  So we ordered 2x fried chicken, Logan poser ramen, House made pickles, Japanese griddle cake, Grilled chicken wings.  I wasn't too impressed with any of them maybe the ramen then the grilled chicken wings.  I don't know what it was with our choices but everything seemed to have a strong sour after taste.  Like after drinking a shot of vinegar.  Even the ramen had something sour in it which kind of threw our flavor palette into thinking why does all of our food taste sour or have a sour ingredient in it.  The prices for the food was the normal strip price, but the amount and quality and quantity u want for the money u are paying for, eh, it's just not worth it for me.  Oh we tried the soft serve dessert and yep there was some kind of ingredient in there that they added as a sprinkle the made it sour too the soft serve was a expresso flavor, we didn't know what to make of it.  We see the concept and seems really interesting. The menu has interesting fusions and ingredients used.  But none of the flavors in our dishes was impactful or wow just so so and let's u leave the place thinking it wasn't worth it enough.   I may try another time but doesn't seem likely.
2	Staff were polite, as for the food it was my first experience with the menu. I order the 2x fried chicken, must have been precook was at my table in 5 minutes. Also tasted like it was in the cooler. It was so over cooked it was charred black. When the waiter came over he asked how it was I said I was not sure if this was the way. It was supposed to be but it is burnt. He said no it should not be. Then why would it be sent out this way in the first place.
5	Great food, great service, great atmosphere.  I came here for my bachelorette dinner and it was perfect.  We asked the chef to bring out his recommendations and we were not disappointed.  The pork buns, octopus, tofu donuts, chicken, lamb, and fried rice were so good! The wait staff was very attentive and made our night really special.  It was high class food, but a relaxed and mellow atmosphere.  I will for sure recommend this to others and be back in the future.  This place really lives up to the hype!! A must!!
1	Decided to try this place out since it's new and we parked at Monte Carlo to avoid traffic after the may weather fight.  After reading all the positive reviews after being open for about 2 weeks (hmmm something fishy...) we decided to try it.YELP REVIEW FAILI was very disappointed with all the dishes except for dessert.  It is also way overpriced for the amount and non quality dishes.To start we ordered the grilled octopus.  First off it is Not Grilled, it was maybe heated up in a pan. Second, it was smothered in the sauce and mushrooms.  The enoki were mushrooms were good but over took the dish, might as well just make an enoki dish.Next we ordered the 2x fried chicken.  This was over cooked, hard and chewy.   Maybe stick to just 1x fried chicken.Next is the duck leg.  This was actually pretty good.  It was cooked just right so it wasn't dry.Now the crab fried rice. TERRIBLE!!!  This is Japanese style food and they didn't even know how to cook rice!  It was mushy, almost like rice cake. Just plain Bad! They give you about a scoop and a half of this stuff for $24. Next was the NY steak.  You are given 8 pieces that are wrapped in nori and cut like sushi.  The steak was cooked perfectly med well with good flavor.Last main dish is the Logan ramen.  This was more like bad cup o noodle!  The noodles are dried noodles, I swear they opened a package of Top Ramen and used half for this order.  Then the broth was salty, chalky and sour.  The cook obviously has never eaten ramen in his life.  We ordered green tea to hopefully wash down all this..... Um stuff, I guess you can call it because it wasn't food at all.  Even the tea was terrible!  It was really bitter and rancid.  Seriously tasted like weeds and a sock were in the pot.  The waiter later explained it is some type of jasmine tea. Although there was no scent of jasmine in the tea.Now the dessert.  These 2 were surprisingly palatable.  The fried doughnuts were cooked just right.  The outside had a crispiness to it while the inside was soft.  It was also likely sugared with a hint of ginger.  The second dessert was their homemade soft serve.  This was real good.  It had a chocolate coffee flavor to it with pop rocks.  Overall the service was great! But the food was not good at all and waayyy overpriced even being in a casino.  Definitely will NOT be coming back here
5	Terrible location, good food, great service, excellent saki. That sums it up. Our server mike pushed us towards the best items on the menu. He was fantastic and super friendly. The location makes it hard to find but definitely worth a stop.
2	Awesome service, little portions, very expensive, and the menu had a small range of foods to choose from. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are on a budget and really hungry. Although, If you're looking to spend, go for it!
4	We dined here last night and I definitely stepped out of my comfort zone trying all of the different foods but it was completely worth it.  I started off with the Grasshopper cocktail, which is more of a dessert cocktail but it was delicious.  We then had the shrimp appetizer which had great flavor.  They then brought us chicken skewers and duck breast.  It was my first time trying duck and it was pretty good.  We then had the vegetable tempura which was to die for and the 2x fried chicken which was a little dry but the sauce was so unique we kept eating it!  We then had the New York steak which had great flavor.  We also had ramen that was in bacon broth and an egg and shredded pork (not my favorite but my friend who is more adventurous loved it).  Then we had a fish entree which was so fresh and flavorful.The highlight of our meal was the Old Fashioned cocktail.  It's different from most old fashion's and was the best drink I have ever had.  I highly recommend having it there.The service was top notch and our server was so informative and educated on the menu.I would definitely recommend this for an adventurous dinner with great service and drinks!
5	Sat at the bar for a drink. The Old Fashioned is well balanced, but a bit sweeter than most. One of the best I've had in Vegas. Ended up getting the fried rice, 2x Fried Chicken and the chicken skin. Sounds crazy... But it's pretty tasty. The rice was the best of the bunch. Service was very knowledgeable but relaxed.
5	Yummmm. Was here for friends and family, which was about a month ago right before they opened, and it was delicious. The buns are done perfectly, the octopus/hericot vert was a spectacular little dish and the hand-crafted cocktails were awesome. I had the Last Word (him based) and we had an old fashion and a glass of wine. Service was on point too. Good luck to them!!
4	Chicago Chef Merges has expanded to Las Vegas with his interpretation of Japanese street food. Yusho is located at the front of the Monte Carlo Resort and is quite an architectural departure from Monte Carlo's neoclassical style. Yusho's interior is contemporary, colorful yet there is a bit of austerity from its clean lines. Service is excellent, friendly, attentive and descriptive. Rob, our waiter is a Hawaii-born transplant who energetically articulated the specials, menu descriptions and portion sizes. We were impressed with Josh Wolf, Sake Sommelier, who also came by to "talk story" with us. I noted this restaurant after reading about it in an issue of Eater National. My curiosity was piqued because it's billed as a Japanese Grill and Noodle House. Yusho's chef had been the executive chef under acclaimed Chef Charlie Trotter and also mentor to some other talented and respected culinary professionals. I was curious how Chef Merges would put his spin on the familiar Japanese street foods such as ramen, tempura, yakiniku (Japanese barbecue or grill) and grilled skewered assorted meats.We truly enjoyed Yusho's Japanese inspired cuisine from simple, sublime to intensely flavored dishes. Each dish was presented beautifully in a comfortable, somewhat homey feel. The flavors were executed well and blended Japanese and Western cooking techniques. Don't expect a traditional Japanese restaurant or ramen shop or sushi bar here! Our menu selections for this evening included the following. -  Grilled octopus with haricot vert, enoki mushrooms, and egg yolk. The grilled octopus was tender and lightly smoky and formed a melange with julienned haricot vert, baby enoki mushrooms finished with a rich, creamy egg yolk sauce. There was a kick of spicy chilie that balanced the richness of this dish.- Grilled Shishito peppers served in ponzu with grilled shallots and tendrils of grated lemon rind. The peppers aren't spicy hot but ponzu and lemon brightened the smoky grilled flavor.- Logan Poser Ramen came in a rice bowl size serving vessel. There was a log of crispy shredded pork topped by bonito flakes that waved from the heat. Behind the pork log was 2 squares of crisp nori. The pork and nori covered fresh, steaming hot ramen in a lightly spiced Kotteri-type broth. The broth was luscious and had that "umaminess". - Veggie tempura was a huge bowl of light as air battered seasonal vegetables and thin slices of lemons. A bowl of ponzu sauce finished this dish.- Crispy cod in steamed bun with pickled cucumber, sesame and watercress. The bun was pillowy soft that was a contrast to the crispness of the fried cod. The cod was expertly done as it was moist and silky beneath its crispy "shell". All of the contrasting textures, crispy to silky to pillowy worked together in harmony.- Tofu Doughnuts rolled in rosemary sugar and topped with purple potato sauce and toasted hazelnuts. These doughnuts were creamy yet somewhat dense, almost like a really good Andagi or cake doughnut. All of the food was packed with flavor that was familiar to us Hawaii-born but had unexpected twists to traditional Japanese food. Prices to portion seemed a bit steep, for example, the rice bowl sized ramen cost $21. I wish much success to Chef Merges on his culinary expansion to Las Vegas.
1	DO NOT GO TO Yusho !!! Over priced !!! The worst food experience!!! Table was dirty It's for the tourist 1 time customers only !!! I think I had all the staff come to check how we where doing every 2-3 minutes !!! Lolthe grilled octopus over seasoned.... 2X fried chicken dried n burnt must be frozen patty... duck leg hard must be frozen.... Crab fried rice was mush ! The chief really don't know how to cook ! 24.00!!! NY steak tasted ok but had very salty pieces 39.00 !!! Logan Ramen 21.00!!! Got a 1/4 bag of package ramen awful taste !!! They have pickles in it lol the hot jasmine tea very bitter ! The only 2 items I tasted ok was doughnuts and soft serve ice cream can't mess that up ! My bill added up 171.00 !!! I should have use it on craps ! Wasted it on crap food !!! I really think the owner is not asian......
5	Marvelous food and beverages. Incredible Manager. Amazing staff.  We ate there 2 days in a row and the food just kept getting better. The specialty tap drinks are so amazing I hope they start to bottle and sell them. If you like Japanese cuisine definitely check this place out. I'm going to write corporate a letter and ask them to expand to Denver, Co so I can eat there all of the time!
5	Yusho is absolutely wonderful! I cannot even begin to tell you how wonderful the staff and food are. The duck in particular is fantastic. While it's a little difficult to get to, it's entirely worth it once you're in the restaurant.
5	Comfortable atmosphere, the best service ever, and fan-freaking-tastic food. We tried a majority of the food on the menu (family style) and I fell in love with almost every item. Every food item is creatively made and tastes delicious. I have never had quite an experience like I have had at Yusho.
1	Almost $100 for two bowls of two bites nothing reminiscent of ramen noodles. All of it was horrible. Table was waddling back and forth .. Napkins had stains... I had hair all over my napkin & service was rude and non attentive. Save 60 and go off strip for real ramen! This place is a RIP OFF! Horrible food ! Horrible service ! Horrible prices!! NEVER AGAIN!
4	Oh my, my taste buds were going all crazy after eating at Yusho. The food is so good that my mouth is watering as I reminisce on the whole experience; sorry I didn't take a lot of pictures my phone was low on juice. It suppose to be street food so it seems simple but I'd only caution everyone else that the food aint cheap.The first item up was the Chicken Drummies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yusho-las-vegas-2?select=UioPVMGCzrAhEBhmwxoDCQ#jVJY592-J_LNB9vucVuFHg these were definitely not your usual chicken drummies. At least for $9 they better have not been my usual ones. There was I think 5 or 6 fried crispy pieces in red miso, garlic, and sesame, small yes but delicious. I kind of wished I had more. The next item was the Pork Shoulder Steam Buns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yusho-las-vegas-2?select=UioPVMGCzrAhEBhmwxoDCQ#7h3L67sTasIEWUrHlf_J2A It was a juicy piece of pork shoulder with their kim chi, some cilantro, and other things on a white steam bun. It had a lot of flavor. Again it was a little small for me but tasty.Next was the Fried Duck Leg it's crispy on the outside juicy and tender on the inside, delicious. It was served with a plum BBQ sauce, some herbs, and a couple white steam buns. I love duck and loved this dish. It was probably the simplest to make dish I had.I don't remember the rest of the items just the picked oshinko cucumbers, lotus root, and carrot salad. I also liked for being veggies. The rest of the menu is pretty much grilled items (tofu steaks, NY aged strip steak, shishito peppers, etc.), fried items (more fried chicken, veggie tempura, maitake mushroom, etc), noodles, steam buns, pickeled, and sweet items (I heard about the doughnut made from tofu, sweet potato, and rosemary it sound good I forgot to try some, another time).The customer service was excellent. The interior is nice and spacious. Good selection of alcoholic beverages, from beers, cocktails, sakes, and wines. It's located in the Monte Carlo near the front, towards the Strip and can be easily access by walking through the casino or Strip. I'd definitely be back just don't know when.I forgot to add that they also had these fried skin, served like chips so good.
4	A little pricey but overall some interesting tastes. Def try the grilled wings and tempura.
4	They have a sake sommelier. Very cool!
4	First off, if you want to eat like an actual Japanese meal here, think again. There is no sushi here, and only like 1-2 choices of Ramen. This place is mainly Japanese street food. All portions are tiny, but extremely tasty. The fried rice we ordered came with crab meat. There was also a lobster bun, which came with a huge lobster in the middle. Be prepared for one pricey meal though. We probably got like 10 orders, which came out to close to 5 bills. This included 2 alcoholic drinks. If you were looking to spend that much however, there are many better restaurants to go to in Vegas than here.
5	I've been twice and both times have been great dining experiences. I do agree that the price in comparison to portion size is a little hard to swallow if you live in Vegas and are used to off-strip pricing, but this is definitely a fun/unique place to check out. They have an amazing jasmine tea cocktail and mushroom ramen. Service was also great on both occasions.
1	The taste was interesting, but the pricing was WAY out of line.  $21 for a ramen served in a miso soup bowl.  We're locals so we assumed normal size ramen with a strip price.. wrong on both accounts.  $42 for two bowls of ramen with water to drink.  The manager tried to explain the price away by saying that it takes 3 days of prep to make the components in the dish.  The server tried to explain the price away by saying that the menu was a Japanese tapas concept.  It didn't say anything about sizing or the tapas idea on the menu.  When we ordered two bowls of ramen for $42 and nothing else... maybe the server should have mentioned then that we had ordered what would be considered by most an appetizer size portion.  Do yourself a favor, visitors... take half that amount a get a cab to take you over to Spring Mountain and get a REAL sized great tasting bowl of ramen for $10 each...
2	$22 for a bowl of ramen on the strip? I get it, it's the strip and you pretty much pay a 100% mark up on everything. I went in expecting to have a hearty sized bowl of ramen. What came out was a shock to me. The noodle soup was served in a tiny rice/miso soup bowl. The taste was okay at best. That opinion was probably skewed by the size of the bowl, as one always eats with their eyes first. I really should have walked out, but I was so hungry. I left the dining establishment almost as hungry as when I walked in. I spoke to my server and someone I believe to have been the manager. All they did was apologize and sympathize about the portion and pricing. It would have been nice if they offered us something else to eat on the house. I might have understood if this restaurant was in a higher end resort, but it was at the Monte Carlo. You've been forewarned.
1	Food was ok. Mediocre over priced foods. The problem is that I think they are lost in finding their own identity. Japanese food with a twist but they seemed to be trying too hard in the casual setting restaurant. what made our dinner one bad dinner is when we found out that the server and the managements were not on the same page. It was very awkward and we just ended up taking the damage caused by the server because the way he tried to correct the issue was not right. (I don't want to talk about the details because it may point out the individual.) Also, one of managers who explained us about their whiskey collection had no smile at all even though we were smiling the whole time. The whole experience was so awkward that I will never forget. Managements and the employees clearly need more communication.Wish we went to some good local restaurant. That is all I can say after eating at this place.
3	Great casual Japanese option on the strip. Only Con its a little on the pricey side for casual Japanese food. It has a large open dining area with floor to ceiling windows that face the strip. Great for people watching! The menu has a wide range to choose from sushi, ramen, etc. My favorite menus items were crispy cod & pork shoulder steam buns. For dessert my 2 favorites were the doughnuts (tofu,sweet potato,rosemary) and soft serve (coffee, pop rocks, nori, carmel). Definitely order together for a great pairing!
5	Love a place with unusual food choices.  Great service, crazy flavors!  It can get pricey if you go overboard ordering, but everything we had was great. My personal favorite was the crispy pork roll in the loganposerramen.  Wow!
5	What a great surprise at the Monte Carlo. Menu was intimidating but our waiter Korey did a wonderful job walking us through it. Get the grilled wings or the pork buns. You will really enjoy these dishes.
1	Food is overpriced even for being on the strip. Wait staff is unorganized. Food tastes less than mediocre.
3	The food was delicious. Service was excellent. They offer Japanese food in a tapas style. So everything you order is in small portions & meant to be shared.  I didn't like the extremely casual atmosphere. We had a $400 dinner in a Chipotle like atmosphere.  It was just weird.
4	A fan of Yusho. Didn't care for the gimmick of "Japanese-style tapas" as described by the server.  The categorization of the cuisine didn't do the restaurant justice. It's okay to just be a Japanese restaurant. The host team needs to get it together considering that the restaurant was half empty. They sent us to a table that was already seated and we were then led by the host to another table. Not a big deal, but I'm writing about it 5 days later so it kind of stuck out in the oddest way.The 2x fried chicken was delicious and was a huge portion of 5 pieces of chicken breast. Lamb swears were tender with a hint of flame on them. We also tried the rib eye special and it was amazing. Can't even describe the spices but it was a flavor explosion. We went on to try the espresso soft serve and donuts. I don't do well with dairy but I really had to try the soft serve. It was delicious. The tofu donuts were more savory  than sweet.  Both were delicious in their own right. I wouldn't go back for seconds on the donuts though. Our bill only touched $134 and this included 3 drinks and the items above. It was a great deal of fun eating here! I would go back for sure.
4	Yusho, you sho' know how to make for a memorable dining experience.  (See what I did there?)When we arrived (admittedly reservation-less) at Yusho around 8:30pm on a Saturday night, we expected to wait - but we didn't expect to wait nearly 30 minutes after being told it would be 15, and we sure as heck didn't expect to wait when there were over 10 visibly empty tables in the restaurant.  It felt like a gimmick to get us to buy drinks - drinks, by the way, that were largely out of stock (they didn't have the draft cocktail I wanted nor the Scrimshaw Pilsner I tried to order as a backup).And after ordering the omakase (chef's tasting menu) and being served an amazing first course of cold shrimp miso, there was more waiting to be had - this time to the tune of about 15 minutes - leaving us to wonder if we'd done something to offend the staff.Luckily, these two "timely" gaffes seemed to be the only evidence of a brand-new restaurant trying to make a place for itself in the bustling South Strip - and from there on out, our meal was BEYOND smooth sailing - it became one I'd never forget!After the shrimp course we were treated to mackerel two ways - a full fish, fully edible, with a deep-fried head and tail and a sashimi-style middle fillet.  My fiance and I devoured it and prepared for more - which came in the form of a BBQ duck leg, ingeniously served with steam buns and perfectly fall-off-the-bone tender.  The course to follow was our least favorite - but in no way bad - in the chicken two ways (wings and fried).  But what was to come more than made up for it - Steak.  Ribeye.  And lobster.  Maine.The ribeye was served with a chimichurri and cooked to juicy, buttery and fatty perfection, while the lobster - two full pounds, friends - came pre-cracked, meaty, and drenched in Uni butter - which, if you're an Uni fan, is officially the only way you'll accept eating lobster from here on out.  It was divine.The chef himself presented the final course, which was a professional and well-received touch, and we enjoyed the coffee soft serve and tofu donuts as though we were on a back alley in Tokyo - recklessly and in about two bites.  I would come back for those snacks alone, much less the six previous courses.Our waiter was personable, funny, honest, and charming, and the restaurant manager Josh took the time to host us and offer his card for future visits, which was truly appreciated after a bit of a "slow start" when we arrived. The staff. chef, food and ambiance at Yusho is truly outstanding - and reinstates the Monte Carlo as a creative dining destination after many desolate years,
5	Excellent place on the strip.  Sat at the bar and ordered the grilled octopus and the Shrimp Ramen.  The octopus came out first and was perfect! The shrimp had a wonderful grilled flavor and the broth was out of this world.  If you want a dirt cheap meal hit up the food court. If you want quality and flavor hit up Yusho.
4	A novel Japanese cuisine is the best way to put it. But not necessarily in a bad way.Everything was new to me.The grilled octopus was really good, had nice texture with egg yolk.Okonomiyaki-like (but not really) pancake was rather dry and didn't like it.Maitake ramen was something I've never seen in this diverse universe of creative ramen scene, often gone wrong, found some middle ground. Maitake is one of my favorite fungi (particularly for tempura) yet I've never thought that it could find a place in ramen. Not bad.2x Fried Chicken was a bit overpowering but was guiltily delish. I only ate one piece at the premise and consume the rest at home next day.Now, the Doughnuts - the purple mashed sweet potato came with a variety of crunchy nuts and that texture was very enjoyable. The doughnuts body was made of tofu, and there was nothing felt strange about it. It was just tasty.Bottom line, it's worth a visit and you decide if you like it or not. Yusho is not for everyone, but got a potential for foodies.
5	A one-of-a-kind dining experience in Las Vegas that everyone should check out!  Try the pork steam bun, the lamb skewer, the crab fried rice, the panna cotta, and more!  If the weather is nice, I definitely recommend the outdoor dining space to listen to the live music on the Plaza!
4	I gotta say, while I enjoy many styles of Asian cuisine and the flavors, cooking techniques, and ingredients that go along with all of that.. I do agree with others that YUSHO doing " Asian Style Tapas " (as described by the server) Is not what I expected.. which is often a good thing. I honestly don't mean to be insulting or rude.It began with the miso soup - I wish I had a photo, it was really beautiful - in its little bowl. The issue my date had with it, was the vinegar finish of the soup. It wasn't the earthy, warm flavor you expect from quality miso.  It wasn't unpalatable, just caught us off guard and did not get even half finished. i didn't actually see it on the menu, which could also be the issue, as perhaps its available due to Miso being a component of a ramen dish they have listed. On to the crispy chicken skins.. Again, really very nice in presentation... But really lacking something in the finish for me. They were served cold, which I didn't expect, and just didn't do anything for me in the flavor department. I can't really recall much about the taste. I have always loved fried chicken skins, simply brined and seasoned, fried and served with a a little sauce. These were, again, beautiful, but not anything I would order again. We also sampled the Fried Oyster, and Eggplant Steamed Buns.. great texture on the buns, nice panko breading on the oyster, tasty on the eggplant. Delicious.We then sampled the Chicken Wings and the Octopus. The Chicken described as Thai Chile, Bonito Salt and Lime. Delicious, boneless little morsels served on a skewer. I liked them. Really tasty. The Octopus was tender, cooked and prepared nicely with Haricot Vert, Egg Yolk and Enoki mushrooms. Again, a stand out flavor and something that was unique for this dining experience, for me. It was rich, and I detected a hint of something maybe citrus? though I did not ask.. I really liked the taste of the dish. I actually had some sticky white rice with it. I hope that doesn't offend anyone, but that egg and mushroom and tender octopus was so good with a starchy rice. Next was the Japanese Griddle Cake -  described as SQUID, Papaya, Basil.. Beautiful little egg omelette, pancake goodie topped with Smoked Salmon , Plum, Radish, Sprouts and Bonito Fish Flake. Not what I expected, (because squid,) but It was easily my favorite dish. I am the guy that likes egg anything. Souffle, omelettes, over easy, poached..so that's 3 stars alone. Thiws dish really made an impression on me and I loved it. So thank you for that!Now the Poser Ramen. Beautiful presentation.. I keep saying that.. but everything looked great. I just didn't love the broth or the noodles. It was salty. I like salty. I'm a fan of Tonkatsu, which is rich and salty..but with depth of flavor and balanced in its saltiness if it's done well. I'm not saying this was bad by any means.. but so salty that I ate the beautiful little panko breaded pork shoulder and the two sheets of seaweed, got the egg out of there.. and skipped most of the noodles. Oh the noodles... The best way to describe them.. is wimpy. I'm so sorry.. I'm just saying that nothing hit the mark for me on this one, aside from the breaded pork shoulder. I could eat that alone with a poached egg. It was about  $163 for two of us, that included a $45 bottle of wine, and Rosemary Sugar dusted Doughnuts - with candied ginger and hazelnut.. ( i loved them) .. .. I'm not complaining about the prices.. Strip Prices.. I'm aware of what that entails. We got a fair amount of food and tasted many items. I would definitely go back for some other items on the menu. i think its a great little casual spot and I look forward to it becoming a favorite among locals and tourists alike. Happy Eating!
2	Saturday night (6/29/14), right before dinner rush.After reading the reviews, I was excited to try Yusho.  The restaurant is right at the front of the Monte Carlo and they seated us adjacent to the main window, overlooking the strip. The server was friendly and told us about the tapas menu yet failed to warn us of just how small the portions were.  The problem is that at other places, tapas are usually priced accordingly.  At Yusho however, the prices are way out of proportion to the size and, unfortunately, the taste of the food.The drink menu looked interesting so I tried the Last Word ($13), which is a mixture of gin, green chartreuse, maraschino, lime and egg whites. The flavor was ok but there was more egg white foam than liquid in the glass and I didn't taste any gin at all.  We also tried a Negroni which did have a strong taste of Campari ($13). However, similar to what they did with the previous cocktail, there was so much ice jammed into the glass that there were only a few sips of liquor.We started with the house pickles ($9) and assorted kimchi ($7).  The taste of the kimchi was interesting but there wasn't much there to eat. We had one order of the Tiger shrimp which came in a small bowel containing a few shrimp and cucumber pieces with a tangy vinegar coating ($9).  We ordered one of the specials which was an ear of corn, broken into two pieces and smothered in a spicy miso sauce ($7).  The taste of the sauce was great but the corn was a bit waterlogged and mushy.  Next came the duck breast which consistent of one skewer holding four small pieces of bland duck meat wrapped around mushrooms ($12). We ordered two cod buns ($16 for two) and two pork buns ($16 for two). The meat in both tasted all right however the mix of ingredients that they threw in with it seemed like a desperate attempt to create something different by throwing in anything on hand rather then creating a unified concept of flavors that meshed together. The portions are so small however and you are so hungry throughout the experience that you will eat anything they bring to the table. Last to come was the crab fried rice ($24) and the chicken drummies with red miso sauce ($9).  The fried rice tasted ok but there was only enough to fill the small miso soup bowl that it came in. The chicken dish was the most substantial of the night with several flat medallions of chicken meat with a red dipping sauce.  We skipped dessert.All in all, some of the dishes tasted ok but nothing had a wow factor. Certainly nothing to demand the exorbitant prices for what you actually received.  I can't see this place staying at the Monte Carlo for very long if nothing changes.  I would recommend skipping Yusho and heading right next door to the Dragon Noodle Co. or Andre's for a real meal.
4	The restaurant claims to be an "Asian Tapas" restaurant, but for those familiar with Japanese cuisine, this is basically an izakaya-style restaurant, with lots of small plates and a few larger dishes.I tried the pork bun, the Japanese pancake, the chicken wings, and the doughnut. One thing that bothered me about the menu was that there were no Japanese names for most of the dishes, so it was a little misleading for me. For example, the chicken "wings" were basically a variation on yakitori, served on skewers. Either way, the wings were definitely delicious and I highly recommend them. The pork bun was good, but the meat & the sauce were very separated, so in one bit you'd get all sauce and in the next it'd be all meat. The doughnut was a unique dessert, made from tofu with a sweet potato paste.The restaurant's decor is typical modern-fusion restaurant, and the food presentation is excellent - as you can probably see from the photos, great care goes into how each dish looks. Staff is very attentive. Overall, I would recommend checking out this place if you enjoy Japanese cuisine, as it has lots of interesting twists on classic items.
4	Located at the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino. It's nearby to the Blue Man Group Theatre.My special someone and I came here for a late night dinner. Yusho is a Japanese restaurant that serves their entrees mostly tapas style. Everything is served in small portions. Keep in mind...even though it's Japanese food...you won't find sushi here. While everything is delicious and service was fantastic.....portions don't match the prices. Big eaters: beware. You can gonna order a lot of food before you even come to being full and content.$7 each for steamed buns. $10 if you want three (3).$9 for chicken drummies. ***THIS....was our favorite for the night. Basically it's 6 drumsticks packed with flavor and seasoning.***$13 for lamb skewers. ***our 2nd favorite for the night.** Small portions though....between the two of us, we each probably got 3 lamb cubes.(see pics attached.)$7 for shishito peppers.$8 chicken skin. Not a fan....because it's like chicken skin in crispy chip form. NOT worth the money.$6 for house pickles(cucumbers, lotus roots, carrots)My special someone ordered sake and he enjoyed it. They had a big drink menu.All in all, I say this is a great place to meet up with people for a quick drink, grab a small snack. If you're looking to come here for dinner.....ehh....I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Here's what I had:- duck leg bun- lamb and yogurt- chicken skin, pork skin, salmon skin- chicken wings- blood sausage bun- crispy cod bun- octopus and enoki mushroom- corn- scallops They play Naruto on the wall. This place is awesome. Only it's a bit expensive so I'll leave it at 4 stars. I really enjoyed my experience here.
4	Staff was cute (Got lost in our servers eyes)Food was f*n DELICIOUS! (Very tasty & flavorful, even for a bowl of Ramen)Craving it right now. . .
5	Awesome service and the food was amazing  Raf and & David were our servers brought samples of drinks & beers and a Dessert on the house for our group. Tried a bit of everything and it was all delicious small portions but like they said is a nicer version of authentic street food
4	I had the opportunity to try Yusho last night and what an amazing surprise! The food was delicious and service was great, friendly and attentive. I recommend to try the lamb skewers and the chicken wings, to die for! We ordered a bottle of pinot noir but currently was out of stock, however Josh (sommelier) came to our table right away and brought us a really good bottle of Malbec instead. I must say that for a restaurant that have been open only for a little over three months the service and food are very well comparable with any other restaurant on the strip. Overall our experience was very good and I will definitely go back very soon! Ps: oysters? YUMMMM!!!!!!
3	Went there last week. Casual place with an open kitchen featured right outside the Monte Carlo resort. Enjoyed their Omasake dinner, six courses chosen by chef. You can also choose your own courses if you choose. The food was good, all six courses. The meat dishes were slightly tough and still very tasty. The soup was delish and a bit spicy. Small courses with tons of flavor. you can order many plates to share which is the way to go. Moderately expensive for the casual setting. They have outside dining onto the strip, also and this is not the time of year to enjoy that with the high temps. 3.5 stars!
4	We loved Yusho. Top notch service, good quality food, an open kitchen, friendly and accommodating management, and just an all around excellent experience. First, pork spare ribs with bacon and Brussels Sprouts. Yes please, may I have another! Perfectly cooked spare rib, not greasy or riddled in fat, and even though there was bacon + spare ribs which you would think would be too much. Nope. Delicious and a perfect portion.Next, Chicken Drummies. Even though they were a little dry, I could have eaten several more, and they weren't greasy and overly dressed with fancy sauce making them anything but chicken wings. I loved the saltiness of the miso and the warmth of the garlic. Add a little extra crunch from sesame seeds and you have a decent wing.Finally? The duck. Oh, the duck. Duck can easily be greasy, overly done, salty, far too fatty and too rich. I had never had a shitake mushroom marmalade, but I ate every single last bite. I loved the sweetness from the marmalade cutting the richness of the duck, and whatever the sauce was was a wonderful accompaniment to this wonderful dish.The restaurant is VERY gluten free friendly. Even the hostess who I spoke to outside at the front of Monte Carlo giving out menus knew all of their gluten free options. You could even eat ramen noodles! They just a special rice noodle instead. You'll have plenty of options if you are gluten free or not, so go ahead, grab a few bites from Yusho and you'll see why their location in Chicago does so well.
4	We had a wonderful dinner here and I think I agree that this Japanese restaurant is more on the casual side but the prices are a bit high for the portion and the place. Our server Renee was fantastic and recommended great drinks and food. Thank you!
5	This place is AMAZING! Love the concept and the food! Glad that I found out about this restaurant through MGM. The manager and the staff are very friendly. My birthday dinner experience was very memorable :D Be open to try everything. My favorite dishes were the lobster (the uni butter OMG to die for), oysters, and their steam buns. They have a cool concept with their house made cocktails as well. Try them! Fairly new and not a lot of people know about this awesome place. I highly recommend it!
3	Good food and unique Asian flavors but was just okay overall. Servers were really nice and constantly filled your water so that was a plus. Some of the girl servers(?) has regular street clothes was weird to know that they worked there. I don't want to be picky cause maybe it's just my taste buds but here is what I thought:The heirloom tomato salad was simple but very refreshing. Good to start off. The picked veggies were very spicy. It was not a good palette cleanser as they said. The 2x fried chicken was actually very good-flavorful and crispy. The drumsticks has Asian sauce flavor that I wasn't too keen on. I also had the Mushroom Ramen that I thought was decent. Normally ramen has a very salty broth but this one was very nice and subtle. They give you the things to put into your ramen and whatever the plum thing was---I did not like that.  For the main dish the NY strip steak looked really great. I don't think they let it rest enough because it was a little dry. If prepared correctly I'm sure it would have been much better. The hamachi fish had a unique presentation and was tasty. It was served with a coconut coleslaw and peanut sauce. Crab fried rice seemed like it had too much flavor if that even makes sense. They just need to tone down the spices a little.  Overall I thought things were decent. The servers are very nice and the food presentation was done well.
4	Love it!!!!!! Will definitely be back.  Greeeeat sushi.  Ramen not so much.  Go to Chinatown for good ramen and less pricey.  Great atmosphere.  Eclectic.
5	Amazing, tasty, unusual food and wait staff that clearly take pride in the joint. My current favorite Vegas restaurant.
3	Yusho's dining room is very colorful, contemporary, and definitely casual. Request to sit by the window for some people watching on The Strip. The staff was very friendly and attentive. However, the food is just ok. I'd rate the food 2/5. To be honest, everything looked amazing when it came out, but the taste was only half amazing =X We ordered the 6 course omakase menu which has some great menu items. Only catch is, the omakase menu is "to entrust" which means the chef picks for yu. Again, the food was eh but a few items that were good were the Tiger Shrimp, Ramen, and the Crab Fried Rice.
2	Highly disappointed with the fare after a recent visit. The flavor profiles are odd and some dishes were plain inedible. The noodles were sub-par and in fact easily bested by any number of divey noodle shops. The portions are small and the prices are high. The only redeeming quality of this place is the superior service provided by the staff.
4	Very high quality Japanese food.  Crab fried rice was a must order, chicken wings were good, and so was the lobster ramen (can't share that one). Portions are not huge, these are mostly small tapas style plates. Fair pricing for the strip, clever cocktail menu. Would definitely come back. Each person would probably get 2.5-3 dishes, so spend about 50 bucks a head before drinks.
5	We planned two nice dinners on our recent Vegas trip. Giada was the first (a huge flop, read my review) and Yusho was the second.After eating at both of them, my wife and I agreed, we wish we had eaten at Yusho twice. I had the eggplant bun and the tofu ramen and I was blown away. The eggplant was amazing! Every bite was filled with flavor. I could have continued eating them until I exploded. Gluttons beware! The tofu in the ramen had an almost pickled flavor. Really interesting on it's own, nearly transcendent with the rest of the soup.My wife had a bunch of meat (i don't really remember what) but she was going on about it as much as I was going on about mine. Two very happy people. We had two kinds of ice cream and tofu cookies for dessert. Perfect.It was the kind of meal you think about a lot when it's finished. So much so we will be back in December! Hell, I'd book a flight and go today if I could!
2	Food was bland, service at best was mediocre.  Angie was the only manager and she was the only positive aspect of the dinner. Server had no knowledge of food or drinks. Hostess, chef expo all on their phones.  We work for Batali restaurants and if we ever tried this we would all be termed. Surprisingly they are still open. Angie (mispronounced) manager got us our drinks, informed us about the food. If it wasn't for her I seriously doubt we would have been helped or satisfied at all. Granted it wasn't crazy busy and it was a Friday night, sorry a week late. But we figured it should be heard. We are leaving two stars for the busser and manager who really tried to help us in the bad date night, they deserve a five star rating for their efforts. As for the food the ahi was salter that a bowl of salt. Ramen broth was like water, more flavor in top ramen, noodles were over cooked as well. Chicken skin tasted stale. Chicken was good but it was cleared before we were finished. Just not good. We will stick to raku and monta in China town. We hope that mgm or owners (who ever runs the venue) of yusho listen because this could be a cool spot.
5	What an amazing experience, every bite was delicious. The pistachios were yummi. The DIY spicy tuna was very good. The scallops I really liked. Best Japanese food I've had in Vegas. The ambiance is very relaxing and the music pleasant.
3	The food was fine, in fact delicious.  Another couple over on another table, was raving about their ramen.The service is bizarre.  Server tried upselling us on "pickles" due to the "heaviness" of the the lobster...OK...we passed on it.  Lobster comes, and sure enough, there are pickles as a side.  Also the frisee salad was on the astringent side so, there was no need for a side of pickle - things...So either it was a mistake on the server not knowing what was on the plate or he thought we were dumb....Must have been the latter because he delivered the bill and instead of getting us out of there, he proceeds to SIT DOWN with another table to help them eat...soup...Way too hyper server, manager came by table for a microsecond and looked like he could not leave fast enough....IDK, really liked the interior, enjoyed the food.  I'm a big MC fan so we will probably return.
5	Sat at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the Maitake Ramen. The servers were outstanding.
5	The service is great and the food delicious. The interior design is cute plus they have alcohol.
5	This is our first time here over all the experience was amazing. The employee explain everything on the menu. The service was a first-class service every employee was attentive to every customer in the restaurant. Everything that we tried was amazing I really recommend you to try the pork bun and chicken drummies. Thank you Yusho
2	Marginal food. Noodles came luke warm. Chili dipping sauce for twice fried chicken tasted like rooster sauce with fresh squeeze line. Wagu steak was tough. A disappointment. However, the service was at par. Overall, I felt I picked the wrong restaurant during my stay in Vegas.
4	Close to Blue Man Group, tucked in a corner.  Interesting food combinations and full selection of Japanese beers and done whiskeys.
2	Yusho? More like You-should-not-go. Much fanfare surrounded the opening of this place a few months back, with the Weekly quickly proclaiming it the "best new strip restaurant." Hogwash. I love the concept of a Taiwanese-style night market, and maybe the flagship spot in Chicago delivers, but our experience was quite sad. We ordered the "grilled" lamb, the Logan ramen, the fried chicken, and the pork buns. The lamb was more boiled than grilled, lacking any crispy texture or smokey flavor. Such a bummer. The ramen was a travesty of thin and flavorless broth, with some weird fried pork suspended on a wire on the edge of the bowl, and an overcooked egg. The pork was tender and tasty, the best part of the dish, but it made little sense for all the fuss of the presentation. If you can't pull off a rich, complex broth, and if you can't manage to produce a soft egg, you don't deserve to have ramen on your menu, end of story. The fried chicken was dense, overly crunchy, and dry. You have to work pretty hard to mess up fried chicken, but Yusho pulled it off. The pork buns were the highlight of the meal, but everyone is doing these right now and while Yusho's are fine they don't hold a candle to the ones at Fat Choy. No complaints about service, in fact I feel bad as I was ranting about the ramen when one of the kindly wait staff approached with our next dish. Oops, sorry buddy, nothing personal. But when you go to the strip and pay strip prices and then, once again, fall prey to soulless and overly fussy dishes meant to please the lowest common denominator of mass acceptance, you get pissed. Shame on me, a local, for ever thinking these trendy strip concepts will actually deliver the goods. Fooled again.It was a saturday night, around 9pm, and the place was dead. I was curious to check out what's happening at Monte Carlo, since it's the first time in my ten years in Vegas that anything interesting is taking shape at this place. Signs aren't good. No one coming or going; no action, no energy. It felt like we were the only ones who missed a tornado warning. So, overall, a pretty disappointing outing. Shame on me for thinking it would be otherwise.
4	Excellent service,  they were very attentive,  the food was amazing.  I had the turkey leg and it was tender and moist. David H. was a great server.I would recommend this place. A little on the pricey side, but you have to treat yourself sometimes.
3	I love the concept of Yusho, and the styling of the decor and menu, but I just wasn't as excited about the food as I thought I would be.There are some interesting choices, and everything was reasonably tasty, but nothing was outrageously delicious or memorable.I did really enjoy the shishito pepper and Meyer lemon tempura....I could eat that all day. Well, maybe not, but it was a delectable iteration of shishito peppers, which i love, and the lemon tempura was something I'd never seen before.The house pickles were beautiful (reasonably tasty, but weighted more toward aesthetically than palate-pleasing)--burdock, lotus, and some other stuff in there, too.I was unimpressed with the shrimp ramen. It was oily and bland, with no redeeming qualities that I could find.I really wanted to like Yusho, and I just left feeling . . . meh.
3	Overall just an ok eating experience.  Ramen was pretty good but smallish portion.  Tempura appetizer was good but oddly served with a ponzu sauce.  Eh probably won't eat there again.
1	I normally don't write reviews unless it's extremely good or extremely bad and this place was terrible. First of all definitely not authentic Japanese food. No one working is even Asian. Good service but the food is ridiculously expensive. First of all everyone that works there brags about having Las Vegas magazine rate them to have the best RAMEN in VEGAS and best they ever tried let me tell you how TERRIBLE it was. The noodles tasted like instant ramen and on top of that they gave very little noodles like maybe 4 bites I took more time looking though the soup for noodles then anything else and it cost $16. I wouldn't recommend this place try a real Japanese restaurant.
2	Ok...so we went back and tried it with my mom who has eaten at the chi location. We went to see the show and my mother insisted we try it. We tried some items and this was a new menu, but a shocker the staff still didn't know what was in the items nor had they had a chance to try them from what our server had told us. The young lady at the end of the kitchen was wiping her nose on her arm, disgusting. And as we walked by my mom liked the lay out due to the chef being in arms reach to speak too, I guess the chef is on the line in chicago, but he didn't want to be bothered. The servers were a bit more attentive this time around, so some improvement.  Hosts were on point with greeting, and the patio seems cool. No table visits by a manager or chef, and it was still slow for mid week. But again it is the Monte carlo, and in the middle of a reconstruction. As for the food it was better all around but still not comparable to raku and fukumimi.  And again the hygiene standard of the cooks, I know they are union but that is a manager issue to enforce. Sadly if it wasn't for my mother I wouldn't have been back and again no reason too...best of luck hate to see an empty restaurant,  but there is more to this restaurant being empty then just construction going on around new York new York and monte carlo. Best of luck.
4	Great place to try a bunch of small plates. Prompt friendly service. Reminded me of Momofuku, and if you switched out the signage, I'd almost believe you.Amazing: The mushroom ramen, the lamb, the shrimp beignets. Good, but not worth the price if you've had them in other places: Pork buns, Good, but i wish it was offered somewhere else or during breakfast: sweet potato donuts.
3	Those behind Yusho have something to be proud of!...an incredible staff, several exceptional items, and welcoming environment.The space is bright, clean and honest--completely void of the flaunt,show, or flash you might expect from a name at the caliber of Merges. The sauces won me over instantly!...balanced acids, character & depth of flavor.  The dishes we ate were all generally good with a few very tasty options.  On taste alone I would give Yusho 4 stars.  The staff was wonderful, entirely able to describe each item we asked about in great detail and made quality suggestions.  This further solidified my 4 star standpoint, but in the end I felt like each item was a little overpriced.  I guess it really isn't overpriced when you consider the fact that you are literally eating on the Strip (we were even seated outside on a beautiful evening driving this point home more for me) and the dishes are truly made of quality ingredients...but at this price-point there are a lot of other local eateries I would rather be.  I think it took 7 items between two of us to feel full.If I found my way here again I would certainly order the following again:Duck Leg (Loved the sauce!)Duck Breast (Loved the sauce!)Veggie Tempura RamenShigoku Oysters (Loved the sauce!)2xFried Chicken Octopus Doughnuts...But I would skip the  Soft Serve Ice Cream...interesting idea, but I don't think the fine accent ingredients came through...felt more like displaced soft serve I was struggling to identify the parts of even though I know and enjoy the ingredients.
2	2x fried chicken had really chewy breading but good portions. The buns were ok. Service was so so. Didn't seat us at a booth.
3	The infiltration of Chicago restaurants has accelerated rapidly in the past year. One of those entrants is Yusho, coming from the talented Chef Matthias Merges.It would be unfair to compare Yusho Vegas to its Chicago counterpart, so I will go by this meal alone. I always enjoy my local visits to Yusho, not to mention Billy Sunday is one of my favorite bars in the city.  It is a large space and was surprisingly empty on our visit.  The decor is bright and stylish, lacking the excessiveness of most Strip places.What I thought was good: - all the sauces that accompanied the dishes, especially the 2x fried chicken. It was great.- excellent lineup of Japanese whiskey. Very impressed to find that on the Strip.- tons of sake. Ordered the kikusui funaguchi, always a solid choice Just nice: -ramen. Wasn't as great as I hoped it would be but I didn't send it back.-duck. Kinda dry, but saved by the sauce.A solid place and I'm glad it's on the Strip. Maybe I actually am unconsciously comparing it to its Chicago counterpart, but I expect better trips in the future.  Hopefully Yusho is embraced in Vegas and maybe Billy Sunday can be exported to the Strip. That would be awesome.
5	Great food and excellent customer service.  Thank you to Dave and Angie for accommodating our party of 7.  They made sure we enjoyed our dinner and made plenty of suggestions of what we should try since it was our first time at the restaurant.For starters, we had the House Pickles, Shigoku Oysters, and Shrimp Beignet.  All three were great for starters.  Great flavor on the House Pickles, vegetables were crisp and not too tangy.  I usually order oysters when it's offered on the menu, and Yoshu did not disappoint with their Shigoku Oysters.  Our server recommended the Shrimp Beignet, and glad he did because they were delicious.With a large party, we decided to try a little bit of everything and we all liked every dish that was brought to our table.  From the grilled options, we tried the octopus and Xinjiang Lamb.  For those that aren't fans of octopus and/or lamb, these two dishes will change your mind.  I, personally, don't prefer lamb, but I actually liked this dish.From the grilled dishes, we went on to try the 2x Fried Chicken, Chicken Drummies, and Crab Fried Rice.  Seasoning on the chicken was really good and not overpowering and it paired well with the fried rice.Finally, we tried the steamed buns - Crispy Cod, Charred Eggplant, and Pork.  All had great flavors...very good!Our dinner was topped off with the yummy tofu, sweet potato, and rosemary donuts.The only thing we did not try was the ramen, but I'm sure to return when I'm back in town.
4	Food was good. I couldn't say excellent because the Ramen wasn't my type. 2x fried chicken had green tea powdered over it. This place is for those who wants to taste something different. Not too pricey. But you get what you pay for. Oh there was a band playing at the patio. Pretty good :) it created that semi-romantic atmosphere outside Monte Carlo. I'll probably come back but wouldn't order the same thing.
2	Expensive with tiny portions. Taste is unimpressive and let us wander what kind of cuisine it is. The pork kimchi buns didn't highlight either of the ingredients. The kimchi overpowered the pork. The poser noodle was just as the name indicates, ironically. A poser: no clear identity with a touch of wannabe. Unless you want to quiz your taste buds, I don't recommend this place.
3	Spiffy modern Japanese food in a Vegas-y rock n' roll atmosphere. I was lucky enough to make it here of restaurant week and got a great deal on a three course meal. Good service, nice cocktail selection and above all great food in decent portions. The fried oyster bao--ohh mmyyyy.
4	Delicious noodle soup, w great ingredients.  Totally worth the cost.  And buns are amazing too.
3	i have a mixed reviews about this place. but this review is strictly on the flavor of the food. it's definitely a modern-version of japanese food with a vegas hit to it. my favorite dishes here are definitely the buns. I had the eggplant and the oyster, the eggplant was a little on the salty side but it was good. also had the logan poser ramen and it was not bad, i like how it was something different, light and refreshing. if you want to try a different aspect of japanese cuisine, try this place out.
1	So what's up with this place? We came for dinner slightly after6:00pm, and it's not open.  The light was on, tables were set like they are ready for business - However, the door was locked-there was no sign as to why it was closed - it's inside Monte Carlo Casino, it also said "open" on Yelp- it would be nice to say somewhere that it's closed so people won't waste their time coming.
4	We've been staying at the Monte Carlo this week and after coming in late last night we thought we would try something different and visit Yusho. As soon as we sat down and saw the menu I was skeptical. The menu was brief and didn't have the usual list of sushi, soups, entrees and rice of a traditional Japanese restaurant. I figured out that most of the items were served "tapas" style instead. We ordered the Mushroom Miso soup, a mixed green salad, chicken wings with Asian seasoning, three bun sandwiches with chicken and pork, and a teriyaki chicken bowl. First, the Miso was incredible!  It was rich with lots of seasoning and tofu.  The broth was very similar to a Chinese hot and sour while staying true to the Miso concept. My salad had a tangy twist along with the Asian dressing which was also excellent. The buns were large and filling and the meats were generous and well seasoned. The chicken wings were large and richly flavored. They weren't just dipped in sauce, they were permeated with it like they were pressure cooked. Lastly, the teriyaki chicken bowl was served with white rice, pickled green beans, spices and sauce. The chicken was cooked nice and crispy. We were really pleased with this meal in every respect and very, very impressed with the quality, quantity, and flavors of the food. We went from skeptical to deciding to visit again before leaving town. Negatives were the loud, pounding techno music played by a live DJ, and the fact we had to pay eight bucks for a liter of Fiji water because we didn't want to drink tap water.
5	Where do I begin with this restaurant. Great staff, led by now* chef of the year Brian Lhee, this experience from the top down was beyond expectations. While the entire menu is excellent, if I were to make any recommendations, I can positively tell you that their slow cooked hard-boiled egg and chicken wing skewer probably changed my life.If you're a yolk kinda guy/gal, there nothing to dislike about their Logan Poser ramen. If pork belly isn't already enough, i am willing to bet that the best part of that meal will still be the egg. I'm telling you... changed.my.life.Also nothing says a chicken wing like being grilled over an open flame, deboned, and then stuffed again with only the dark meat. If that's not everything that you love about chicken... you're doing it wrong.I've been twice in 3 months and it will definitely continue to be my go-to spot whenever I am in vegas.
5	Best Asian food on the strip. The complex flavors and ingrediants they use touch upon various Asian cuisines. Very healthy as well. Love this place!
4	This place bills itself as Japanese-inspired street food, simple and flavorful.  I'm not sure it delivers on the "simple" part, but most of the items we had were certainly flavorful.  We were a group of 7 (3 adults, 2 kids, and 2 grandparents) who decided to eat here because a few in the party were interested in Ramen noodles and it was conveniently located near the MGM (it's on the strip in front of the Monte Carlo).  It was also one of the only asian places that had few dishes with nuts (allergies) and were accomodating for our restrictions.   The place wasn't busy, plenty of indoor and patio seating available.  Service was very good and attentive (since they weren't busy).  We sat outside, enoyed the atmosphere of the strip, and burned through our wallet on some pretty good food.  The portions were small but very tasty.  Really enjoyed the flavors of theNegatives: Billed as "street food", but definitely upscale, trendy, Vegas.  Very expensive ($350 for 5 adults and 2 kids with only a few drinks), not much for kids (though they really enjoyed the fried-chicken dish), and small portions (it wasn't really apparent that it was tapas-style from the descriptions).  They had 3 Ramen dishes that were very flavorful, but way too small for the price......and how can you share Ramen?!?!Positives: Great service, some really wonderful food and flavor combinations.Go here if you want to experiment with some Japanese-inspired flavors and don't mind paying a lot for small portions of food (no worse than most other upscale Vegas eateries).Negatives: Don't bring the kids, old-school grandparents, anyone on a budget or looking to fill up on large portions.
1	Very disappointing. Not sure how good some of these dishes are because the waitress rushed and did not get all of our orders. Just ate Yaki Ramen which was dry. Lump crab was just shredded bits and all the meals came out at different times. Everything was awkward. Very expensive for one of my top WORSE ces meals of all time.
5	We had a little of several dishes and found everything delicious and excellently prepared. Everyone there, cooks,severs,mgmt seemed dedicated and passionate about the food and the customers.
5	Tue/6 Jan I was here about 11:10 pm:- It was for the monthly "Yusho After Dark" event that's running again on Tue/3 Feb and Tue/3 Mar.  It's $25 entrance, better to pay in cash at the entrance but they accepted my credit card instead of making me go to an ATM.- More info   bit.ly/1wxKJ7i      and    bit.ly/1wxLeOA- Great Strip deal at $25 as it included an alcoholic libation, 2 tapa dishes (from resident Brian Lhee and a guest chef) and 5 different types of passed hors d'oeuvres (servers were pretty good at circulating and dishing them out).  Additional booze for only $5/drink.- Also a DJ and an artist doing paintings which were available for purchase.
