4	Trust me it isn't just a Grateful Dead novelty shop.  The place carries all sorts of goodies like all-natural products for dreadlocks and skin care.  The owner bought out the shop in 2000, and to be honest I love the new management, the guy is so carefree and kind that he makes you want to help keep his business thriving.  He carries fliers in the front for all of the hip music events happening around town, and he can help you find all of the great coffee spots and hangouts around town if you have inquires.  I started talking to him about the stress of going back to work after Labor Day, and he just laughed.  He couldn't really relate to that, and I can't really blame him, he has the dopest job around, hanging around listening to jam music all day.  Anyways, he has fun concert shirts, tobacco products, and cool protest pins.  I will definitely be back.
3	When I strolled into Sunshine Daydreams, I felt a bit transported back to the hippie shops of Madison, Wisconsin. And that's not a bad thing. After you make in past the Cheshire cat painted on the door, you'll get a huge whiff of 1972. Plenty of patchouli. This smoke shop is filled with interesting knicknacks, pipes, vaporizers, hookas, and other items you probably don't want your young kids seeing for at least another ten years. Yet if you're looking for something smoke-specific, you can probably find it at Sunshine Daydreams. In addition to the tobacco assistance items, there are funny and random stickers, flasks, herbal based skin and hair products, etc. The staff are super laid back and cool, just as you would imagine they would be.
5	This is a great place. They have everything you need for your smoking needs among other things. They have tons of pipes and a good selection of herbal supplements.  Like others have said, the owners and people that work there are really cool. They will help in any way they can if you have any questions. Just look for Alice and the Chesire cat on the door and you will be there!
4	It seems like just a head-shop, but the reason I go into places like this is mostly for novelties and incense... I got my fill here. (: They had the cheapest prices on incense around, awesome blacklight posters, and lots of tobacco options, even though I only purchased incense, sage, and some bumper stickers. It has a nice ambiance. If you have never been there before and you are thinking of going.. do it.. and be sure to look up at the ceiling when you walk in.
4	Very helpful folks and great selection of quality products for sale.
4	Good selection of tobacco products, and more types of papers than I've ever seen.  They have hookahs, a large selection of shisha, and the coals, foil, and tongs you'll need.  You'll find the usual types of glass, but not the most artistic I've seen.  There's a counter full of all kinds of supplements, but most of those I'd recommend avoiding.They also sell clothing, wallets, stickers, incense, and the like.  It's a good spot to find out about and pick up fliers for various musical performances, and there's a big box of CDs of Dead concerts that you're welcome to take a few of.Employees are great, best store of this type that I've found in the area.
