5	Great little coffee shop right off the 101 at Via de Ventura, the staff (i think the owners) are extremely friendly and the coffee is good. I would agree with a previous poster that the coffee is not too bitter. Have tried the breakfast sandwich, the muffins and the oatmeal; all very good. Really easy to pop off the freeway, get your coffee and get right back on.
3	Love the fact this place has a drive thru- for those 'running late' mornings. Everyone there is super friendly and nice- only thing I'm not a huge fan of is the bagels; Great place for a coffee but not too keen on the bagel selection or the 1 lil round serving of cream cheese. You know you need at least 2 of those lil guys. Other than that, cute place.
4	Friendly staffed coffee shop with light foods (sandwiches, lunch, breakfast) and located in a perfect spot on the south side of Via Ventura, immediately before the southbound entrance to the 101.  Coffee was quite flavorful.  I was told their roaster is in Montana but no matter, it was a good cup.  A couple cushy sofas and tables/chairs provide minimal seating, but I'm sure much of their business is from that convenient drive through.Will hit this spot again when in the area and have that coffee craving.
5	I love this little place.   The fact that it is down the street from my office and just off the 101, makes this place oh-so-convenient.The service is terrific, going so far as to 1) try to make me an Arnold Palmer from what they could find behind the counter, and 2) letting me exchange my melted KitKat for a frozen one after I decided to eat outside one afternoon.I had the chicken sandwich with pesto sauce, and it was YUMMY.  It was a great price too (which is very, very important to me).Just a great little place to hang...love it!
4	I love that this place is just down the street from my office! The first time I ate here was the day we moved in and I was starving. I think the chicken cesar wrap was the best I ever had because of that fact, I've had it since and it's still pretty dang good for $6. Everything here is pretty basic food you could make at home but it's always better when someone else makes it for you right? Panini's, wraps, salads and sandwiches are all very good here and prices are extremely reasonable. I haven't tried many of the beverages but the smoothies are tasty and their white chocolate mocha beats Starbucks easily in my book.
2	We decided to check this place out after reading some of the reviews.  I guess I am disappointed because I had such high expectations.  This is just a regular coffee shop.  I was there with my husband and one of my twins.  I was going to order the breakfast burrito, but I wanted it with turkey sausage.  The girl at the counter told me they couldn't do it.  Ok, so I chose the Turkey sausage, egg and cheese on an English muffin.  I requested a scrambled egg for my little girl, again the girl at the counter told me they couldn't do that.  The eggs come pre-made in the shape of a patty, that sounded as appetizing as my sneakers after a 3 mile run.  I decided to cancel the food and pay for the coffee and bottled OJ I got for my baby.  Too bad, I am always looking for breakfast places.
5	Love this place!  Great service everytime!  Gotta love consistancy in the world we live in tday!  Try the spicy mocha....yummmm and he can do sugar free!  Love em!
4	Good coffee, comfortable shop with wifi, convenient when I need a refill on my way to work.  Drive-thru!
4	This is a nice little coffee shop in an awkward location. I tried this for the first time last Friday and really enjoyed it. Nice local folks running the place too. Now that I know it's here I'll pop in more often - they even have a drive thru.
5	Great Coffee, Great Services.  You can't get any better in the area.
4	It's a sweet little coffee shop on my way to work. They have a Sweet Honey Latte that is to die for. Starbucks used to make them, but they stopped several years ago. And what's more, Sonoma's is better, because their espresso is much better.The drive-thru is super convenient, and the service both inside and out is speedy and friendly. The inside is a clean environment, without feeling sterile. They have sports &/or news on all the time.They have excellent breakfast sandwiches they'll make for you in any combination you can think of.And, they're only open until 2PM, and closed on weekends, just like a family-style coffee shop should be. Check it out!!
