4	Yummy!  I bought a dozen cake pops for a Mother's Day gift - they were dee-lish and came in a cute box.  The family loved this (we all shared) and I loved that this gift deviated a little from the norm.  Delivery  was prompt, price was reasonable.  Also, I like buying from small, locally owned businesses.
4	I found out about this place from a co-worker at my job. She purchased some cupcakes and they looked amazing. Needless to say I caved the very next day and decided to check them out. Excuse me as I take a deep breath and let out a long sigh.The lemon drop cupcake is so delicious that there are no words for it. I couldn't think straight once I took a bite out of it. The Hostess cupcake is the ADULT version of what you used to love as a child. If it is possible to call food orgasmic, then I am calling the lemon drop and Hostess just that. Oh and the 24 Karat, um yeah that is one yummy carrot cupcake. The lemon drop is my absolute favorite. I feel like I have to repent after eating one, it's like pure sin in a wrapper. Pure, sweet, lemony, perfectly topped with wonderful icing, oh so soft, incredibly moist sin. Don't you judge me, don't you dare judge me. Rainbow Sherbet Update:So I decided to drop by MOB after not going for a while. I was determined to get the leomon drop until I saw this colorful selection of cupcakes. The cake is orange and the frosting is a mix of raspberry and lime. Now... Normally I am able to function while enjoying a cupcake from MOB. But this one right here made time stop! Like everyone at my job didn't exist. There was a moment where I am pretty sure I saw my fondest childhood memory play out in front of me like a movie in 3D. Oh yes, it was that good!This place is definitely on the way to success! Nick is a sweetie pie and his wife knows how to make an oven sing. I'm absolutely hooked!
4	My husband and I visited this bakery on  4/9/11 wanting to take advantage of a recent Groupon that I had purchased. The place was quite a drive out for us, though we were surely not disappointed! In total we purchased 7 cupcakes and a scoop of their rainbow sherbet Ice Cream. The staff was very friendly, and the owner was on hand to answer all our questions. After trying out his first cupcake, a Dark Helmet, my husband could not say no to the freshly baked batch of Cookies and Cream that was placed out by the owner's wife. While I did not eat the cupcakes, my husband described them as following " The cupcakes are delightfully moist, and are topped with tasty frosting that is sweet without being overbearing. " The clever names and pleasant presentation only add to the allure of these delicious treats! In total the following cupcakes were purchased: Dark Helmet, 24k Karat, Lemon Raspberry, Cookies & Cream (described as "a yummy chocolate cupcake paired with Oreo cookie lined frosting"), Tuxedo, Birthday Cake, & Lemon Drop. The sherbet Ice Cream that was purchased was just right! Overall the place is clean, inviting and the cupcakes are delish! I am excited at the prospect of ordering a cake from this bakery as their presentation and  baking skills are wonderful.
4	Owner was very nice and friendly...they have a good selection....my neice and I would love to see a plain vanilla buttercream cupcake...we will definately come again.
5	I am not a connoisseur of cupcakes so I don't have a ton of references to use on this review. That being said, I'm not really a big fan of cupcakes either. This place is family owned and operated. There's a wife and husband who run the place and the wife's sister works there also, which I thought was great. It is in the strip mall towards the western end of the shopping center.I tried a variety of the flavors including the Reese With-a-spoon, and a chocolate, chocolate chip cupcake. Coworkers that I shared them with, who are cupcake aficionados, really enjoyed the lemon and red velvet versions. While slight pricey for a cupcake, (slightly north of $2 per cupcake) if you have a special occasion or just want a special treat these cupcakes are incredibly moist and delicious. They also do custom cakes and cake pops, though I can't speak to either of the latter two.
4	****Warning DO NOT go here if you do not have a sweet tooth**** You know what I hate to admit this but these are some of the best cupcakes I've tasted on the East Side of the Valley. Definitely one of the best places to get a cupcake in AZ!  I started off with the "Spoonful of Reeses" and boy was it flavorful, it actually tasted like the real thing and the cake was super moist. This is a must have for the chocolate/peanut butter lovers. I also had a Chocolate Raspberry cupcake which was equally divine, you could really taste the raspberry in the frosting. My hubby had the Coconut and the Red Velvet and he's usually hard to please and he even liked them. I wanted to give this place a 5 star rating but I have to knock a star down for the poor customer service. When I first entered the shop there was no one in the front and the baker took forever to come to front.  To top it off, I told her I just visited Caketini and was comparing cupcakes and she didn't say not one word. I would've at least talked my cupcake up a bit, you can tell she wasn't the owner no enthusiasm at all, she looked at me like "take your dang cupcakes and get out" lol! Don't let the poor customer service fool you, the cupcakes are worth the attitude, lol!
4	This whole store seems like something you'd see on Food Network. I'm serious, when I walked in I felt like Bobby Flay or Guy was going to be inside. The place is a little flamboyant, but if you're here for cupcakes then what does that say about yourself?But, I'm not flamboyant. My significant other was craving some red velvet cupcake so we wanted to give this place a try. The prices are somewhat laughable. I guess this place is like the Chipotle of cupcakes? I didn't get to order, but from what I saw you could sort of customize your cupcake. The quality was definitely evident and the cupcakes also tasted pretty fresh. We got red velvet and vanilla latte. Both were pretty good, but I'm not exactly a cupcake fan and I think I'm allergic to too much frosting. The cake itself was really moist and had a nice texture, and the frosting wasn't too bad either.As for the prices, well, one cupcake will run you ~$3, and a dozen is about $30 after tax. If you want to give someone a birthday gift or something at work then I suppose you can grab half a dozen of these. I think it would run around ~$16. They look fantastic, taste okay, and can definitely cheer you up.*I HATE Cupcake Wars. When that show comes on, I flip channels*
4	Groupon is honored here, the cupcakes are beyond delicious, and the prices are more than fair.
5	While never understanding the whole cake pop and cupcake trend that seems to be growing, I do enjoy a cupcake on occasion. They are a nice treat in a small package. Mind Over Batter seems to have perfected the cupcake. I knew about this place before because I used to work with one of the owners at a previous job, but did not decide to check it out until I purchased a groupon.I think between my husband and I we have tried at least eight different flavors of cupcakes and all have been very good. My favorite flavors are the Pink Cadillac which is a strawberry cupcake with a buttercream frosting. So delicious and moist. I am a sucker for a strawberry cupcake anyways and this one is amazing. I could eat these everyday. The frosting is a little heavy for my taste just because of how sugary frosting tends to be. I could do with about half the amount of frosting that is put on each cupcake but it does taste really good. The toasted coconut cupcake is also one of my favorites. Super moist white cake with frosting and toasted coconut flakes on top. I am practically drooling thinking about it. My husbands favorites are the Reese with a spoon which is a chocolate cupcake with a peanut butter frosting and chocolate peanut butter candies on top. He also enjoys the red velvet cupcake. I have had a few of the others but do not like them as much as the strawberry and coconut. I am not a fan of the chocolate chips in the chocolate cake batter, but that's just me. I think the price for each cupcake is fair just going off of what some other bakeries charge per cupcake. It is under $3 per cupcake and I think less than $2.50 per cake pop, which are also fun, but the frosting is way too sweet for me on these. I have only tried these once. I am all for supporting a local business and the owners of Mind Over Batter are great people. I wish I could come here more often but my recent consumption of too many cupcakes left me with pants that are too tight!! I will have to come back once I have lost a few pounds to try the lemon cupcake, which also looks amazing!
4	Came here yesterday and got the Strawberry Cheesecake and the Raspberry Lemon.  The strawberry cheesecake was soo good!  Frosting not too sweet and the cake was moist, just the right frosting to cake ratio.  Only tried the frosting from the raspberry, but that was pretty tasty as well!  My heart will always belong to Sugar Daddy's (which is now Sweet Daddy) in my home town of Glendale, but since this place is right next to my current location, I'll be coming back.
5	I LOVE the decor of the store!  It's very cute.  There's a wide range of flavors of cake pops and cupcakes and they are always coming up with new ones.  My favorite is the Red Velvet cake pops.  They are so moist and just one is enough for me, but my fiance could eat about 6 before he'd be done!  I don't eat that much sugar and can only handle about half of a cupcake, but if I'm going to eat a cupcake, these are the kind I would want to spend my money on.  They are exactly what I expect out of a cupcake... decadent, sweet, flavorful, moist, and an absolute treat.
4	Pink Pink Pink... It has a punky edge though, so I love it.I have had the Red Velvet, Dark Vader, and the Lemon Drop. I'll have to go back for the Raspberry Lemon.The cake was soft and delicious, The icing was beautiful, but just a tad too sweet for my taste. I felt it a little in my teeth. If I had more self-restraint I could say that next time I'll take off some of the icing. But I won't.I'll be back for more.
4	Cupcakes! I think I understand the craze. Kids eat them like ice cream cones. I can speak for my son who licks the frosting off first and begins the hyperactivity and ends with the sugar coma sedation. I don't even know if he actually eats the cake part. Sugar and butter with sugar sprinkles. This is a nice place with a wonderful variety. I enjoyed a coconut cupcake, lemon is also very popular. I don't know how many cupcakes you have to sell to make rent, but I wish them well.
1	Tried to order my daughter's 5th birthday cupcakes online.   Their email doesn't work.   Then went to their store which opens at 11AM.. supposedly.   Stood outside the door in 112 degrees,  even though they saw me out there.   They didn't open the door until about 8 minutes after.      I then placed an order for Princess Cupcakes that were supposed to be decorated with .... uh... princesses.    Over  $80.00 for 24 cupcakes.   They were supposed to be done at 12 noon.   I showed up at 2 PM,  and they "were still working on them".    I left,  and came back 2 hours later.. ...and was handed two boxes of very plain looking pink cupcakes with a little pink sugar on top.  Wow... I was/am totally underwhelmed.    Over 3.00 per cupcake... for THAT!     I mentioned to the girl who worked there that these cupcakes look nothing like they were supposed to.    She said absolutely nothing and just gave me a blank stare.  No offer to fix/change anything.      This was a total waste of money... The cupcakes also tasted just average.Never again.
5	I love cupcakes. Its true. I really do. I have waited in an hour long line outside of Magnolia Bakery in NYC to experience the bakery that started the cupcake craze. That said, if there is a good cupcake to be had, I'm on my way to experience it. I must note- that I am not a fan of Sprinkles; as I think they are overly dry and waayy too hyped.We just ordered two dozen different flavors from Mind Over Batter to celebrate our August birthdays (its a tradition we do once a month from baker's around town). Because of my love for all thinks coffee- I got the Carmel Mocchiato. Let me just say- i wished I took a picture. But I couldn't help but to dive in. Mocha Buttercream frosting-piled high, crushed coffee toffee and carmel drizzle. I also heard rave reviews from the office about the Birthday Cake and the Chocolate Red Velvet. The one I most want to try is the Lemon Drop (because I love lemon).I'll be back in very soon to check out more flavors and cake pops.
3	Great red velvet cupcakes!  Surprising find for a new place.  Definitely check them out.
3	I placed an order here with the last round of groupon and got a dozen cupcakes as a Mothers Day gift. I placed my order about a week ahead of time and worked out a pick up time for the following Sat. The morning of I received a call saying they were out of 2 of the flavors I had picked so I'd need to pick some replacements. I called back and left a message on their machine stating what I would like. I was a little disappointed because I was really looking forward to trying the lemon cupcake and it seemed odd that they were out even though I had put my order a week prior. When I went they were very busy and I had to wait a bit. When it was my turn they seemed to have difficulty locating my order when they did they made no mention of being out of the 2 flavors so I told them about the phone call and then they realized that they were short 2 cupcakes. If I didn't speak up I would have left 2 cupcakes short! The cupcakes were delicious and got rave reviews from my family, just a little rocky on the customer service end of things. I certainly go back though.
4	Great selection of flavors! We got a half dozen cupcakes and 3 cakepops. They also have Thrifty ice cream :-) Very adorable atmosphere. Cant wait to go again and try the other flavors!The lemon cake pop was my FAVORITE! My daughter loved the cupcake that had M&M's on it!
2	Had the German chocolate cupcake, dry on top pretty moist below the muffin paper and the taste was just fair. My wife has yet to try her chocolate buttercream so will let you know later today.
4	I only stopped in because I had a groupon and I'm glad I did. Even though I hadn't noticed the groupon wasn't redeemable just yet, they still let me use it! I ordered a variety of cupcakes for friends and they all loved them! (though some couldn't eat a whole one in one sitting because they were so rich)I only wish they were cheaper!!!!
2	These are okay cupcakes. Their cake has a fine crumb and a velvety smooth texture which I really appreciated. The quantity of frosting on top, though, was absurd! I scraped over half of it off. I'm a cream cheese icing fanatic and their cream cheese icing tended towards a creamy buttercream rather than a cream-cheesy treat.The location is clean and cozy, and the staff were helpful and friendly. The cupcakes are pretty expensive at $3.00/each--I would be happy paying just a little less ($2.25? $2.50?) for a substantially smaller cupcake with substantially less frosting! It's no wonder they're so expensive if they feel they have to ice them all so thickly...In short:Some of the best cake I've ever had.Ridiculous, excessive quantities of icing.Slightly overpriced.
4	Been looking all over the Valley for someone to do cupcakes for a wedding.  I liked the stuff here.  If I'm going to buy cupcakes rather than just make them myself, I want them to be: Larger than averageDecorated nicer than I would have been able to do myself.Have interesting flavorsBe a little on the fancy sideThis place has all of that.  The stuff here is among the best you will find.  You'll like everything here (as long as you like icing).  The only place I have found that is better is Caketini (all the way in the SAN TAN village).  Caketini has a better ratio of cake to icing (rather than this place that has more regular size cupcakes with very fancy and large decorations). This place has the most knowledgeable (and nicest staff).  It's decorated all girly and glittery.  Very cute.  Take your little girl with you and have some fun mom N daughter quality time, she'll just love it.
4	This is a cute little family-run shop with lots of gourmet sweets to tempt you. The prices are fair and the decor is charming. Two thumbs way up.
2	I was really excited when I found a Groupon for a local bakery.  I bake and love to see what local places are offering.  The store itself is really cute and welcoming.  The staff that I encountered were really helpful and willing to explain all of the different flavors that they were offering.  I was really excited share the cupcakes that I bought with my friends for my birthday.Here comes the disappointing part.  The flavors on these cupcakes were really nothing special in my opinion.  The german chocolate cupcake was really dry and had no flavor, same goes for the carrot cake.  The cream cheese frosting barely had any taste of cream cheese to it.  The latte cupcakes were completely overwhelmed with the bitter taste of espresso or coffee flavoring.  I'm a coffee fanatic and it just didn't sit right.  I was really looking forward to sampling the different flavors with my friends, but we were all left disappointed and feeling like something was missing from every cupcake.  Can't say that I will be returning to try more. :(
1	I attempted to try Mind Over Batter after a movie on a Sunday but they were closed....there were also other people wondering over wanting to try a cup cake and disappointed that they were not open.  I thought this was weird as this shopping center probably doesn't have much foot traffic except for the movie theatre and weekends would be at great time to catch some of that traffic...if I were trying to promote a new business I would be open on Sunday.   I finally was able to get in during the week to try some cup cakes.  The decor was cute and comfortable. The girl who helped us did not seem excited at all to be working there.  She responded to my questions with the least about of enthusiasm possible.  For the cupcakes.....I had been hankering for a red velvet cup cake for a week, so of course that was our first pick. We also had a cotton candy and a tuxedo which was a choc chip cake with white icing.  Now I am an experienced baker and for some reason expected someone that opened a cupcake bakery would also be an experienced baker...but no...the red velvet cake had chocolate chips inside which made it extremely sweet.  So sweet, I could only eat a quarter of it.  The tuxedo flavor had a mound of what tasted like over sweetened Crisco icing.  Again too sweet to eat.  The cotton candy cupcake had some potential.  Although I would say, they all tasted like box cake with cheap sweet icing that are over priced. I was extremely disappointed. I will not be returning and neither should anybody else.
5	This bakery is still AMAZING! I had to visit them one last time before I kicked off my new diet and I am so glad I did. If I were on Death Row my last meal would consist of a variety of cupcakes from Mind Over Batter. I have some updates to report since my last review of MOB:1. Customer service has IMPROVED greatly; since my last visit Ashley has hired more staff to accommodate the demand.2. For my Peanut allergy folk there are non-peanut product days just for you (if I remembered correctly those days are Monday, Wednesday and Friday).  Therefore, if you are a peanut lover like me do not expect to get the wonderful "Spoonful of Reeses" cupcake every day.3. The prices have increased slightly, but you get what you pay for "Top Quality". 4. Like them on FB for periodic deals and promotions. (us Yelpers enjoy and good deal).PS- for the reviewers who think the cupcakes are too sweet, I'd suggest you take some of the frosting off or better yet eat a saltine cracker instead. These cupcakes are as good as they get!
4	Cute little shop! We ordered a bunch of cake pops for an office birthday party and they were a huge hit! Thanks for making our celebration extra special. I am looking forward to coming back and trying the cupcakes and other goodies.
2	The cupcakes we're alright the icing I was not a fan of . The cream cheese frosting doesn't taste a thing like cream cheese frosting more like buttercream. There was also way to much icing on these cupcakes and I could taste the grains of sugar in the icing. If you want a great cupcake skip this place and go to  Sprinkles in Scottsdale.
5	Please hurry up and go get some sweet sweet cupcakes from this great place. I don't want to lose them!! I can't believe that we finally have a delightful little bakery in our own backyard making delicious and original cupcakes. The size of the cupcake is perfect, the cake is moist, the frosting is creamy and decorative. I love that there are so many different flavors and colors. This place is clean and the staff is most helpful and very friendly. I think the price of $3 is just right compared to other cupcake places around the valley. Yippee!!
5	I had cake pops made for a reception on 10/22/11. They made 3 kinds, Vanilla Cheesecake, Pumpkin and Red Velvet. Today is 10/26 and I am just finishing the last few! AMAZING that they taste just a good today as it was 4 days ago (of course I kept them in the fridge). We had people telling us they didn't make it home with out eating the ones they had taken for their kids!They took time to arrange them for me in my own baskets and added my personalized Thank You tags. The cake is sooo moist and the texture melts in your mouth. Your mouth is filled with joy and amazing flavor! Great work guys!Thank you!!!
5	I ordered about a week in advance for a special dozen cupcakes. They are super helpful and patient while trying to decide exactly what you want.  I ordered 6 of the coconut and 6 of the Reeces( you can only get peanut butter ones certain days) and they were both a hit! They decorated them with footballs and skateboards and everyone absolutely raved about the cupcakes! Def worth checking this place out and they are reasonably priced. This will be my go to spot for future special occasions!
2	Average tasting cupcakes.  Not enough cake relative to the amount of frosting that is slathered on top.  I think that the overdone frosting amount takes away from the cupcake as a whole.  However, I must say that I love the look of the hot fudge sundae cupcake.
4	Used a Groupon. Otherwise, never would have found this place (even though they are near the movie theater, they close before most evening movies get out so no post-movie-viewing treats...sigh)I picked a half dozen cupcakes but I was disappointed to learn that they were "completely sold out" of cake pops on a Saturday at 1pm (they'd only been open for 2 hrs and I somehow doubt that they "ran out"...do they just not make them every day or what?)Anyway, the 6 cupcakes that I tried were each VERY good overall: moist cake with chocolate chips in the chocolate ones and frosting that is not too sweet, My favorite was the Toasted Coconut and The Dark Vader. I'll be ordering more of these for a party next week, mainly so that I can try the rest of flavors--GREAT SELECTION that I look forward to sampling in the future.And hopefully, they will have Cake Pops for me to try.I probably would've given them 5 stars but the service was bland (not nasty, just not particularly friendly either) and the they really should have Cake Pops available on a Saturday afternoon.
1	First, let me say I really hate to give bad reviews.  I love to support local business owners.I drove 15 miles to buy cake pops but when I arrived they were out.  The young lady working behind the counter  could have taken the time to nicely explain why they were out of cake pops, instead she wanted to be RUDE!I decided to go ahead and order some cupcakes, they were rated best cupcake by New Times so they had to be good, right?Well they were just okay.  Nothing to brag about.  I would have gone back to buy the cake pops but based on the rude service, I will not return.
3	Phew!  Just got back from Mind Over Batter.  My fiance and I stumbled upon this place after seeing the sign-guy on the SE corner sooo many times.  The decor inside was chic, adorable, and super pink!  It offers a wide-array of flavors in cupcakes and cake pops with a modest drink menu.  Now, time to review the cupcakes:Cotton Candy-Land Cupcake:  This cupcake was sweet!  The cake was sweet.  The frosting was sweet.  Everything I tasted afterward was sweet!  My fiance had gotten this cupcake and it was just too sweet.  All you taste is sugar.Vanilla Latte:  I got this cupcake.  The cake was incredibly moist.  I was actually kind of surprised.  I've been to a few cupcake places across the valley and Phoenix seems to favor the drier dense cupcake.  The airy and moist cake was a welcoming surprise.  It's almost as good as my favored establishment in Las Vegas!  The downside though --- the frosting was too sweet.  I scraped half the frosting off and it was edible again.I'll definitely give this place another try!  I recommend it~
4	Picked up 1/2 Dozen Cupcakes for New Years(To-Go).  They were all very Fresh and good overall: moist cake with chocolate chips in the chocolate ones and frostings that are not too sweet.   My favorite like others was the Toasted Coconut.  Also selected, Pink Cadillac, Hostess w Mostest & Red Velvet.  The Cocoa tasted to be top quality.  To date, Mind over Batter is my favorite Cupcakery in the Valley.  The well designed Cupcake Box was nicely packed and did keep them intact during transport.   I have had problems with the Cupcakeries that are cheap and use generic Bakery Box which do not control shifting which leaves a big mess and combined frostings.  Southeast Tempe was a little bit of a hike from central Phoenix.   Young Lady, Ashley I believe, was nice.  Store was bright and the Tables were occupied by Customers.
1	Decided to stop in because of the signs around the area. The front staff is not friendly at all. I'm not even sure why they are checking people out. Very cold. Also not impressed with my cupcake. The price for a standard size cupcake with store bought frosting that was slightly over cooked, was a rip off!!! I could have made my own cupcakes, saved money and not have to have dealt with bad attitudes!!!  Not worth it at all!
1	I was so disappointed! I bought 8 cupcakes all different. The one I ate (white cale with chocolate frosting and hershey drop on top) tasted like box cake mix and can frosting! So disappointing when I paid $25 for them! All the kids said they were just okay and told me not to get them again. The birthday girl said it was dry cake and too sweet frosting! Save your money and make box cupcakes on your own!
5	I've been going to Mind Over Batter since they opened. I first discovered them from Groupon.  This is a small family owned place tucked away in a shopping center, with great attention to quality. They make limited quantities and when they're out -they're out. So if you're expecting a huge assembly line mass produced place, forget it. They can handle catering and special events with ease. The cupcakes are very moist and full of flavor, not like other cupcake places that have only dry cake. What I love most is the Raspberry Lemon, the very best I've ever had. I've told my co-workers and friends, now we all enjoy Mind Over Batter!
2	I am VERY disappointed with my experience here. I had bought a couple of groupons when they were available ($10 for $20) because I was excited about a local alternative to Sprinkles (which in my opinion, does not live up to all the hype).Decided to use one of the groupons to get some cake pops for my team of co-workers for valentines day. Expecting today to be chaos, I stopped in yesterday to purchase them. Before I made my purchase, the woman behind the counter said that I should come back tomorrow as they would have some special pops for valentines day. So I did....I waited in line for 20 minutes upon their opening, only to have the woman behind the counter tell me that they did not have the pops available for regular purchase by the dozen. My only option was to buy them in boxed sets of 4 (very pretty gift items, but defeating for my purpose) for $19.99. After some protest, she said that I could buy a dozen pops, but they only had the custom ones available and they would be about $10 more for the dozen. I told her that it was my intent to use the groupon to cover the majority of the cost, so I wanted the standard pops. She finally agreed and I walked away with 6 white cake and 6 chocolate cake pops. PS, When you look at the menu, there are * flavors listed as "House flavors" and I went in with the intention of getting a variety. She told me that the only house flavors were plain chocolate and plain vanilla and any other flavor would be an additional charge.My biggest problem is that I wanted to inform a manager/owner about the situation. I feel that as a customer, I was given incorrect information that inconvenienced me and I wanted to let him/her know. I was directed to the individual at the register who disregarded my experience completely and was quite rude. Please fix your menu so the pricing makes sense and try to give more accurate information to customers, especially if they are making more than one trip to your store based on what you tell them.
4	I am a huge fan of Sprinkles cupcakes so it is hard to try other places but i saw a groupon for them and thought i might as well give them a chance.  The location is pretty hidden in the shopping center but the inside is decorated very nicely.  And the staff member that i spoke with was out of this world.  She had such a great personality and took the time to recommend a cupcake when i couldnt make up my mind.  The cupcakes were amazing they were not to sweet which made them perfect.  They have a wide range of types to pick from.  I love the red velvet the chunks of chocolate in the batter pushed it over the top.  Another cupcake that was amazing was the Vanilla Latte(the one she recommended to me).  I felt like i was in Starbucks drinking a latte.Keep up the amazing work Mind Over Batter.  I will be coming in to get more and will recommend this place to everyone.
3	I bought a $60 worth of baked goods for $30 Groupon for Mind Over Batter on a whim.  My wife likes baking and cupcakes, so I thought this would be a great Valentines gift.I went to the store on Feb 13.  As I was looking at the menu, I mentioned to the person behind the counter that I didn't know how I was going to buy $60 worth of product.  She informed me that the Groupon I purchased was for "custom" items, not what they already had made, AND that custom items had to be ordered in advance.  What???  While "custom" wasn't defined on the Groupon, I (and others, I later learned) assumed that it was a generic "custom" not a "place order in advance and pick up later, custom."She informed me that they were going to have some custom (wait, don't "custom" items have to be ordered in advance?) items available on Valentine's Day and that I should come back.  Well, I had driven to Elliot and McClintock from Ahwatukee and had appointments that would prohibit me from coming back the next day.  Her next suggestion was to just buy what I wanted and to use the Groupon later.  I'm sure that would be the best thing... for the store.  Next she mentioned that she wasn't happy with how Groupon had worded the deal and that she had dealt with this before... enough times that Groupon had to send out a clarification on this deal (I checked when I got home and I did not receive this e-mail from Groupon).  That's when I realized that I was dealing with the owner! I was truly baffled at how a small business owner would not want to go out of her way to do whatever it takes to make a customer happy.  Especially, a NEW customer.  Isn't $60 worth of product still $60 worth of product no matter how it's labeled?  I asked if I could buy a dozen cupcakes and a box of cake pops using the Groupon, which would have been around $52 worth of product.  I was told she "couldn't" do this.  I thought as the owner you COULD do anything you want to make your customers happy.  Not here.  In the end, she "let me" use my $60 Groupon to buy $40 worth of items, being sure to charge me for the small amount I was over $40.The cupcakes were great.  My wife was thrilled with the presentation.  Baking is one of her hobbies, so praise from her means alot.  The frosting, while generously applied, is fairly light, which is a neat trick.  I'm guessing that despite the issue with the Groupon that we'll be visiting Mind Over Batter again.  While the cupcakes taste amazing, my dealings with an owner who insisted on being right instead of taking care of her customers definitely left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	It is hard to give this place a 4 star review because the service was pretty crappy.The ambiance is adorable and the cupcake was the best I ever had.Thought the price of cake pops and Thrifty ice cream was high- $2.20 and $2.50 for a scoop, I believe.The cupcake was way better than sprinkles though.
5	This is a special place.  Their cupcakes not only have delicious frosting, but the cake is just as delicious enough to match.
4	I bought a Groupon for Mind Over Batter knowing that I'd have no problem taking advantage of it since I do not bake.  I had an occasion come up immediately and I found their website very helpful in deciding what to purchase for a girl's night out party.  I placed my order over the phone and found the person taking my order very helpful.  We got the chocolate-chocolate cake pops. They were very reasonably price, and I feel we got a great deal with the Groupon. They were a hit!  I will be back for more!
5	I have had these cupcakes several times and my favorite is the Red Velvet. I recently had the coconut topped cupcake and it was fabulous too! I will be trying more flavors..
3	We went yesterday after going to the movies and seeing an ad in the theater for a free scoop of ice cream with cupcake/cakepop purchase and ticket stub. When the movie got out, there was still 20 minutes before they closed, so we hurried over. I got the vanilla/vanilla buttercream. Oh, it was fabulous. My sister got the chocolate/vanilla buttercream, also wonderful.So why only 3 stars you may ask? If you've read some of the other reviews, you'll see there is a bit of a customer service problem at this location. The gal behind the counter had no energy and I felt like we were bothering her. I had never been before, so I wanted to know what  they had. This really put her out, but she was resigned to her fate that we were not going anywhere until we got some answers. She asked if we wanted the cupcakes to go and we did not. There was still around 15 minutes before the shop was going to close and she was not pleased that we were not leaving right away.She was also a very poor salesperson. While we were eating, a couple came in to ask about a specialty cake (sounded like it was for some type of event), which I was hearing could get pricey, a good business for the store. They were asking questions and she was barely giving them the minimum answers. If I were the owner of this business, I would ensure I had energetic salespeople, not just someone who was punching a timecard and couldn't wait to leave at the end of the shift. I would not be surprised if they decided to go somewhere else with the lack of help they got.  There was another person, a guy, who worked there who had been in the back when we came in. He helped a couple of people after us and he was so MUCH better. Energetic, friendly, great people person. Had he been the one to help us, I would have given it 4 stars. I will definitely go back for the cake, maybe to go next time.
5	Absolutely a must stop if you like baked goods.  The creativity in each cupcake is very impressive.  I personally am not a baker.  So i totally depend on awesome places that exist that make me look like a hero at my childrens events and or teacher gifts.  Im pretty big on cleanliness when I buy food of any kind and this shop is definately well kept.  I took my two kids for ice cream and/or a cupcake an my little girl absolutely loved the decor.  Totally up to date on style an great place to enjoy a special treat with the kids.  I give this place 5 stars.
5	I was lured in by a smiling, waving, guy with a sign on the corner--that I passed and waved at every day for 3 months.  I finally gave in.  I almost regret it.  Their cupcakes are SOO good.  I have been there several times...having tried vanilla/vanilla, tuxedo, german chocolate, toasted coconut, lemon drop, and birthday cake.  The cake is light and super moist.  The icing is sweet, creamy--but not too sweet.  Love them!!!
5	We bought cake pops for my son's graduation party and they were a HUGE hit! I think I may like them better than the cupcakes. Just the right amount, moist and delicious.
5	I've been here twice and I had really good service, and the place was adorable. I even called in the order because I had a groupon, and I could have just showed it to them on my phone in person!!  ANYWAYS...... The cupcake was amazing, I did use a plate, fork, and knife but I'll live : )
1	I am so disappointed!  I bought a Groupon for this bakery to buy a half dozen cupcakes for my family because I wanted to support a local business.  When I went in to use the Groupon, I was told I could not have the 1/2 dozen listed price, which would have been fine, except I was forced to spend more than $20 to use the deal!  I looked online and found nowhere that said this was a requirement.  I think this bakery needs to be a bit more honest with customers, and encourage staff to be kind, even to those using a Groupon.  The service was terrible!  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Delicious cupcakes and excellent friendly service.  If you go here after seeing a movie at Tempe Cinemas and show them your ticket stub, you get a free ice cream scoop with purchase of cupcake or cake pop.  The ice cream they sell here is Thrifty brand, and they have a good selection of flavors to choose from.  I had the toasted coconut ($2.99), which was rich, very moist, and not overly sweet.  It was covered with a healthy amount of cream cheese frosting and sprinkled with some toasted coconut.  Superb!
5	Great cupcakes and cake pops! Great variety of flavors too. Very helpful staff. We'll be back to try more...
5	We went here thanks to a Groupon I bought and am glad I did. We got a half dozen cupcakes and 2 cake pops. The cupcakes were great! I tried 3 different flavors, lemon/raspberry, chocolate cream cheese & chocolate chocolate, all we're fabulous. Next time we are in the area, we will be back.On the service, we had a great experience. The guy who helped us stated that he was the baker and he was so helpful. Gave us his preferences and really did a great job describing all the cupcakes and pops.
2	I came here for the first time ever today to pick up a couple of cake pops as a surprise for my sweet pea.  While they had lots of cupcakes to choose from (no flavors really caught my eye), there were only four choices of cake pops.  One was mint, which I don't care for in deserts, and the others were brownie, cotton candy and a coconut which I got for myself.All the cake pops had very thin coatings which cracked and flaked off before I even got them home.  The coconut had a nice moist center, very sweet (but that's the nature of a cake pop) and a sprinkling of coconut on the outside.  The brownie was gummy and overly dense and the cotton candy flavor was just disgusting.  Though Mind Over Batter is close by, I don't think we'll be trying them again.  Our search for a good cake pop continues.
3	I visited Mind Over Batter again to pick up some cupcakes for my wife's birthday.  Like last time, the service was sad, but the cupcakes were good.  This time I was waited on by a younger guy.  He became visibly impatient as I decided which cupcakes I wanted... and I'm talking about a minute or so worth of looking at the available flavors.  Everything about his body language suggested he had better things to do than wait for me to make a decision.  I'm not expecting them to do cartwheels when I come through the door, but I certainly don't want to feel like a bother.It's hard to believe that after multiple individuals mentioning the poor service at this place that the owner hasn't made enough of an effort to fix the problem.  May give them one more chance.  If there's not a change of attitude from behind the counter on my next visit then that will be strike three and I won't be bothering them again.
5	As I can't stand Sprinkles cupcakes (might as well be bread), I've been on the quest for a while to find the best cupcake for me in Phoenix. I'd say MOB is number 1 right now!I originally got some of these as a gift and loved them so much I had go back to get more. They can be fairly pricey - but I will say their cupcakes are pretty large and sometimes I can only eat half in one sitting. I didn't really have the customer service issues everyone else is mentioning - I had a nice, 20-something girl who helped me with the my two Groupons that I came in with. Will definitely go back again - maybe even today! :)
5	This place is really evil, but in a good way.I really love the cupcakes, haven't tried anything else because being addicted to their cupcakes is enough for me at this point.I especially love the raspberry lemon and the carrot cake.
5	Mind Over Batter in Tempe is such a great, local bakery! The entire staff is so sweet and always willing to help. I initially heard out about them through a Groupon, otherwise I don't know if I would have found them on my own - the business is sort of tucked away in a little strip mall off of Elliot and McClintock. I have never had an actual cake from MOB, but their cake pops and cupcakes are DELICIOUS! Everything is decorated beautifully, but the best part is that their pastries actually taste good as well. I've been in a few times for cake pops to give as gifts, sometimes for myself personally, and I recently tried their cupcakes. To be honest, I was a little nervous - it's pretty hard to screw up a cake pop in my opinion, but cupcakes can turn out dry or the frosting can be too sweet or overbearing. This was not at all the case with MOB! Their cupcakes are perfect - moist with the perfect kind and amount of frosting! I will be heading in again this month for some birthday confections and I highly recommend that you give them a try as well!
5	This place is great!The cupcakes are phenom - the cake pops are outrageous - the decor is TDF: To Die For - and the folks behind the counter are excellent!All I have to say is NOM NOM NOM! You better stop in and get some :)
5	Went to this place today for a team-building day with my team from work and it was great! It was super cute inside and very clean. The woman behind the counter was really nice and gave recommendations and took the time to explain to us what was in them. They were very accommodating to our large group and we had fun there. It's about $34 with tax for a dozen, which isn't too bad.My ONLY gripe with this place is that they put chocolate chips in like, every cupcake. And I know I'm probably the lone wolf here, but I don't like chocolate chips. They were in my german chocolate cupcake which really didn't need any extra chocolate AND they were in the red velvet....why would they do that? Try not to mess with the classics! I would definitely go back again though. They had TONS of flavors. I wish they had something lemon though, and maybe a marshmallow/coconut combo!**One comment, to these people whining about the prices of cupcakes and custom cakes: welcome to 2012. welcome to the cupcake fad - WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?! If you want a cheap, crappy looking cake, go to Albertsons! If you want an awesome looking, great tasting cake that takes time and effort to make, you have to pay for it.
3	I am a self proclaimed cupcake fanatic. I have a sweet teeth bigger than a wooly mammoth. So when I found Mind Over Batter, I was in heaven.Their cupcakes are moist and the frosting on top is so sweet and delightful.  The Dark Helmet and Dark Vader are my usuals.  Offset with choco chips in the batter give it such a nice change then the typical cake.  However, I agree with all the complaints regarding customer service.  Though there are newer faces who have been absolutely splendid some of the girls are some of the WORST customer service reps ever.   It's a cupcake shop!  You smell like buttercream, how are you so angry?!It's such a shame since I go quite frequently since I work down the street.  I have even recommended some of my coworkers to go in and enjoy the cupcake goodness but none of them were impressed with the service.  Between being ignored, waiting for a good 20 minutes before even being acknowledged and being served a beautiful cupcake by the grumpiest of women  .  .  . Mind Over Batter has lost its reputation for good cupcakes because of its workers.
5	Absolutely love their cupcakes! Got them for the first time through Groupon, and I'm always on the lookout for more. I ordered them for my birthday and my best friend's baby shower. Never been disappointed!
5	MOB made my wedding desserts an absolute hit! Ashley was an absolute joy to work with and she helped my husband and I customize our cupcakes and cake pops to exactly what we envisioned. Our cake was all that we could ever dream of as Ashley took a single picture of my dress and mimicked the cake after the draping of my dress. Not one cupcake or cake pop was leftover from our reception and we still have people calling us asking where we ordered our cupcakes. Thanks MOB !!!
2	The cupcakes & cake pops are decent but on the spendy side. For a second year in a row, I bought a groupon to get cake pops for my son's December birthday.  Both times, they have run out of cake pops and were extremely limited in taking orders because they could not keep up with the them.  How is it that they did not learn from last year that yes bakeries do get busy during the holidays.  If the 12/15 Goupon expiration does not work well for orders coming in during the holidays, then maybe they should consider a different expiration date?!  So for two years in a row now, I have been uable to get the cake pops in time for a birthday celebration.  Evidently, they are in a position to turn away business.  I however, will not be making this mistake a third time.
4	This is my second time coming here, and I must say that the cupcakes are great. They have a lot of choices for cupcakes, and everything I have tasted has been awesome.I will break it down into Pros & Cons. Pros:Awesome tasteplenty of choicesSo far the girl that helped me has been nice (have not dealt with other staff)Nice decorationsCons:Staff is never there when you walk in, and do not show up for several minuteslimited cake flavorsI will expand on this last one.Every cupcake appears to be the same but with different toppings on top. It would be nice to have different flavors of cake with different toppings. Example would be that the Raspberry cupcake is regular cake with Raspberry frosting. I was hoping for Raspberry cake with some frosting stuff. Is that weird to want that?Overall this place is great for when you want a spendy but good tasting cake.The high prices will for sure help me not have too many repeat visits, and help with me losing weight. :)
5	My friend and I went in for the first time because we got a Groupon and wanted to check it out. I love cupcakes and consider myself picky...but this place far exceeded my expectations. The decor was so cute and clean. I am surprised to read other reviews about bad service because we were treated very well. The guy who helped us was funny and very knowledgeable about the cakes as he was the baker.
4	I was dying to go to this place after trying their Dark Helmet cupcake at the Cupcake Love-In this year. It was a moist chocolate cake with dark chocolate frost. Mmm, I'm a sucker for anything dark chocolate! The store was relatively easy to find and had decent parking. The outside isn't much - it's located in a strip mall shopping center. When first entering the store, I was shocked to find not only did they have cupcakes but they had ice cream as well. I was a little disoriented and tried to find where the cupcakes were being displayed (to the left). They had a lot of flavors out - probably around 15 or more. I knew that I wanted to Dark Helmet, so I let my husband decide upon his flavor (24 Karat - a carrot cake with cream cheese frosting). The employee was really nice and patient while my husband decided and asked if we'd be enjoying them here or to go. We took them to go and were happily on our way. The Dark Helmet was what I remembered - moist and delicious. The batter had chocolate chips in it, which makes no difference to me. I didn't think they added to the overall chocolate flavor and might prefer it without them. My husband liked his 24 Karat. It was moist and flavorful as well. (I really liked the frosting!) Overall, they were good but probably not the best I've had. Also, the price wasn't too bad, around $3 per cupcake.  However, for the taste and price, Urban Cookies still takes first place in my book.I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come back, but if I'm ever back in the area, I might stop by.
4	Delicious cupcakes. Love this place!
2	Cupcakes are decent, so that is not the issue.  I bought a Groupon which was $10 for $20 worth of product.  Cupcakes cost $3.15 each, so I ordered 6.  Do the math and it's less than $20.  When I handed my Groupon to the cashier, she said, "Oh, you get 7 cupcakes with this Groupon".   Ok... I picked a 7th cupcake, which didn't fit in the box, so she tipped it sideways in a styrofoam cup and put it in a separate bag (????).  Then she rang up my purchase, and said I owed her $23.10.  I said, well, take off the 7th cupcake, because I only wanted to use my groupon.  She said I had to hit the $20 mark to use this groupon.  So, BUYER BEWARE.  Your groupon is NOT $10 for $20 worth of product.  There is a $3.10 UPCHARGE when you get to the store.  I was with my kids and didn't wish to disappoint them, so I paid the ADDITIONAL 30% UPCHARGE and took my "just okay" cupcakes and left.  I will not be back.  Not because the cupcakes aren't ok, as they are decent.  I will not be back because of the SCAM at the cash register.  By the way, it was done with such practice that I am willing to bet it's been done to every single groupon customer who came in before me.  BEWARE!
1	I ordered a dozen custom cake pops after finding the bakery on the internet.  I had read the reviews about the poor service but since this was an internet mail order I thought it would be fine.  I ordered a dozen cake pops Tuesday before Easter and was told they would be delivered Federal Express by Saturdaym before Easter.  The Tuesday after Easter still no cake pops.   I called the store and talked to the manager and she told me the order was still in the store.  She told me the order only stated ASAP but I was specifically told they would be deievered Saturday before Easter  which I thought would be great to be there for Easter.  When I asked for a discount on the order since it was late she told me she would do nothing.  When I asked for her to upgrade the shipping to overnight to make up for the inconvenience she told me I was out of luck.  Overall, the other reviews were right.  They are NOT interested in customer service and despite what their staff told me they would not honor their committment or do ANYTHING to make up for their misinformed staff telling me they would arrive Saturday.  I canceled my order and will not do business with this company in the future.
2	I had a Groupon and was excited to try a new cupcake place.  I'm a cupcake snob, true story.  The reason is because I have been spoiled with Georgetown Cupcake from living in DC for years, so everyone gets compared to them.  I read that Mind Over Batter won an award for their red velvet cupcake and knew I needed to try it.  The verdict....meh.  It tasted OK, not amazing.  The first thing I noticed was that the cake was a bit dry and the frosting had so much sugar in it that halfway through the cupcake my teeth hurt and I ended up scraping the rest off.  I've been back once since my first visit and the quality had gone downhill.  Also, they raised their prices and a dozen of cupcakes is now more expensive than a dozen from Georgetown Cupcake and they will ship anywhere in the US.  I don't think the quality at Mind Over Batter is commensurate with the price.
1	I've been visiting Mind Over Batter on and off for a couple years now. I've ordered two custom cakes and cupcakes for parties. Neither time impressed me but the Tempe location was convenient. I hadn't been in recently but I was really craving the lemon raspberry cupcake and so I stopped in to the Tempe location. It was awful! Two young gals were working and one was singing to the background music in the worst high pitched voice! I had hoped she would stop once I got to the counter but no such luck. As she took my payment the singing continued! I ordered one (and thank goodness only one) Raspberry Lemon cupcake. They changed it! The frosting was definitely not the same. It tasted cheaper and NOT homemade! Frosting at Albertons will continue to be my favorite. Disappointing because I did really love that specific cupcake! I will NOT recommend this bakery ever again!
3	walked in as a customer was asking about the owner and the the girl behind the counter stated  she was no longer there, which had me wondering if the quality would be the same. Here's the short list...good...lots of interesting flavorsnot so good...small cupcake, increased pricebottom flavor line...the cupcakes were dry(I even asked if they were made the same day) A lot of too sweet icing which some may think is good-me not so much.Life's too short for meh cupcakes. FYI love catchy name
4	I was about to start a new weight lost challenge, but knew before that was to start I wanted something sweet and good!  I was in the area for lunch and saw that there was this sweet looking bakery at the end of the shopping center, so I knew that's where I was headed to!I ordered the Salted Carmel Mocha cupcake to go, just from looking at it I was already drooling! You could clearly see the salt crystals on the top of the drizzled caramel!  Its my new craving, salty/sweet! Can't get enough it!Got back to work and got to try it out! Let me tell you! The cake part of the cupcake was amazing! It was a moist chocolate with chocolate chucks inside! Yes!! Chucks!!! Yummy!!! The frosting, omg, you get a nice blend of mocha, caramel and salt!! OMG HEAVEN!!!!  This was a perfect cupcake for me!Also for you ice cream lovin fools (I'm more of cake brownie person) they serve thrifty ice cream, I remember back in the day, that was the bomb ice cream!!  And if you have a crazy sweet tooth, they also have for sale shoots of frosting!!! Forget the cake and go straight to the sweet stuff!!!
5	My sons 1st birthday cake turned out amazing! They truly understood exactly how I wanted it and it was perfect!!! I've been telling everyone about their amazing work!
4	I've gone to Mind Over Batter before for cupcakes, and I've always been pleased with them. When I wanted to get my husband his groom's cake, I went here to see if they could give me something custom based on a videogame we both love (Starcraft and a cartoon based on it). I printed out pictures and a rough idea and handed it over. At first they were a little daunted, but they said they'd be able to do it. The price was a bit high for the full sheet, but there was a lot of fondant work done and I figured that it was worth it.When we saw the cake at the reception, I was so thrilled. It was so much better than I imagined it would be. They really seemed to have taken the time to research the game and the cartoon and make sure to get everything right. It was so amazing! My husband and our nerdy guests were thrilled with it. And the cake was delicious as well. I got the chocolate cake minus the chips (husband doesn't like texture in his cake) and it was moist and awesome. Most fondant has that weird aftertaste, but this didn't at all. Everyone loved it. It made my night, seriously.Only thing that lost them a star was that there was no box to take it home in, so we had to leave 2/3 of the cake at the venue. I thought for sure they would have left us some sort of container to take it home. I didn't speak to whoever it was that delivered the cake since I was getting ready, so I don't know what happened there. I would have loved to take it home, and instead I took some of the fondant/rice krispies architecture instead. Images of the cake: http://imgur.com/a/uUiuO
4	**Disclaimer: Haven't been in this store, just had a cupcake.**Last summer when Missy F. was staying with my Dude and I for a while, she popped into Mind Over Batter and brought us both a cupcake as her way of saying, "THANKS, Y'ALL!"What a delicious cupcake! Extra moist (lawl, moist) cake and just the right amount of coconut.I would totally stop in and pay $3 to have one of these babies again!
5	Wow these are some really good cupcakes. Some coworkers and I ordered lunch to go at a place a few doors down from this place. While we were waiting for it to be made we walked down here to grab some cupcakes.It is a nice shop. Almost looks like an ice cream parlor but the cases are full of cupcakes instead. They were offering free samples and that sold me on getting a cupcake. It was hard to choice just one but I finally decided on the birthday cake one. They are pretty big too. Not huge but also not tiny. For $3.50 it was well worth it. It made the perfect dessert for our lunch.I will be back to get more yummy cupcakes and maybe even order a cake from here. The pictures of their cake designs looked really good.
5	I love this place! I order there cake pops a lot for work functions and they are always a hit! People seem to love the idea of a cake pop and they are delicious.  I finally tried there cupcakes and they are delicious as well.  Highly recommend!
3	Best ice cream sandwich I have ever had however I would not purchase half a dozen cupcakes again. My family was very disappointed in the cupcakes. I have definitely had a lot better at other shops. The salted caramel was so salty I gagged when I tried a bite. Not worth the calories.
1	Ohhh man where to even start...I frequent this plaza quite a bit, Mind Over Batter is located right next to Yupha's Thai and Jeniza Nails (both 5 star establishments in my opinion). I was very excited to see a locally owned cupcake shop had opened here. We had some time to kill before a nail appointment at Jeniza's and I was treating my 9 year old goddaughter to a fun girls day for her birthday. Mind Over Batter was super clean and so cute! Hot pink walls with blank and white checkered floors yaaaaay we were both so excited! That was until we were greeted by two very grumpy female employees behind the counter. Actually we didn't even get a greeting, just a very blaghh "what can we get for you". I told them that it was out first time in and we needed just a minute to look. When I asked what their most popular flavors were I got a "this, this and, that" with a finger point. They made it very clear that they were not happy we were there. When we did order a younger guy helped us. We had planned on getting a half dozen but after pointing to the first cupcake and him responding "THATS IT"? I nearly lost my cool. Ya that was IT with this place. I had him wrap the ONE cupcake to go. He handed me my change and didn't say a single word NO "thanks for coming" NO "have a nice day". The first thing out of my goddaughters mouth when we left was "they were all so RUDE". I mean come on for a nine year old to pick up on this when she had a hundred chocolate drizzled cherry topped cupcakes in front of her face is just ridiculous! For $3.00+tax PER cupcake you should at least get a smile and thanks. I am really disappoint to have to give a local small business such a bad review. A quality product will completely become over shadowed by bad attitudes and customer service.
5	I've always wondered what Mind Over Batter offered because of their Groupons and the fact that they are located next to one of my favorite bars (Flanny's). I saw some of a friend's photos of their cupcakes on Facebook, and so my husband and I decided to go with them for our elopement. The day before the big day, we stopped in right when they opened and chose a six-pack of cupcakes. SO, SO DELICIOUS. We went with the following flavors: raspberry lemon, chocolate cream cheese, red velvet, 24 karat (carrot), dulce de leche, and cookies 'n cream. My favorites were raspberry lemon and cookies 'n cream. We also picked up a hot fudge sundae cupcake for a friend... adorable! I can't wait for another excuse to visit them again!! Friendly service, fair prices, and absolutely delicious fare. Thanks, Mind Over Batter!
2	While I love sweets I don't often indulge for all the obvious reasons.  So perhaps my disappointment was elevated by my expectations.  This is my third cupcake from MOB, I won't be buying another.  The cupcakes I've had are mediocre at best, nothing that you couldn't get from a box.  Next time a getting a hankering for something sweet I'll get ice cream ....  I
4	I picked up a half dozen cupcakes at Mind over Batter to share with some friends. The cupcakes were moist and delicious. I had not been in before and randomly selected six that looked great. The store is super cute and the staff is very friendly. The cupcakes run around $4 a piece, a half dozen set me back $21.25.
5	These are good.  Delicious and great flavors and variety.  Friends brought me several of these and all are delicious.  BUT, I have not been in the store so I have no idea bout customer service but no one said anything negative.
5	Thank you for such a beautiful wedding cake! I couldn't have imagined it would be this beautiful and delicious. We got compliments on it all night and still are.
1	Dry cupcakes that I could have made better. These cupcakes rival Sprinkles which isn't saying much. We will gladly keep going to Sweet Daddy and GiGi's for moist and big cupcakes that are homemade. Gross Tempe sewer smell in store as well. First and last time wasting my money here.
5	When I first went here some months ago, I thought the cupcakes tasted like store bought ones like from Fry's. Had a better experience on the 2nd visit, the cupcake I had (vanilla birthday) was really moist and the frosting delicious and tasted totally different than my first visit. I love the decor as well. Will be coming back.
4	I came in a little a while ago with some buddies to try out the infamous pink Cadillac cupcake. When I first walked in I almost walked out because it didn't really look all that clean. There were two people at the counter. The boy that helped me was very rude. He was not at all friendly and acted as if I was bothering him. He was also checking his phone a lot and wasn't helpful in helping me make my cupcake selection. Thankfully, the girl was very helpful. She seemed like she knew a lot about their products and even convinced me to try an ice cream sandwich (which are very filling). I believe her name was Daisy, she really made me and my friends feel welcome and even made us laugh.  Overall, I think this place is good and had exceptional cupcakes.
3	The cupcakes are actually good. They have a decent variety. The problem is that it cost almost $4.00 per cupcake and the size is not worth the money. Hals a dozen will cost you about $20. The birthday cake, red velvet and chocolate are good. The only reason I went it's because I bought a Groupon for so it made the price tolerable. Again, good cupcakes but a little pricy.
3	I am glad I came here with a Groupon because prices are quite outrageous.  Although the prices were high, the taste of the cake pops were excellent.  I had a friend who came here earlier saying the service and attitude was not too great.  I could tell the workers didn't seem inspired to be there.  I think management can give some inspirational tips to help improve this business.
3	This was my 2nd visit to Mind over Batter in Tempe.  The first one, I had pre-ordered cake pops for my wedding.  Just a little something for the kids that would be attending.  When I got there they did not have my order and couldn't find the order.  Fortunately after searching they found it in the "completed" bin.  Makes ya wonder...but they made good and then gave me an extra 6 cake pops for the error.  Ok, you made things right...I'm a happy customer and I'll be back....The second visit was because I bought a groupon...how could I go wrong?  $40 for $20???  The young man behind the counter was very pleasant and explained that I had to spend the $40 BEFORE taxes (i already knew that, this isn't my first rodeo).  I placed the order for 1/2 dzn pops and the rest in cupcakes.  My grandsons LOVE cupcakes and this would make a nice treat for them without me heating the house to make them myself.  Everything was very nice, cakes looked beautiful.  Here's my problem and why 3 stars...Cake pops were RAW inside / under all the icing.  RAW!  It was mush and totally turned me off. My husband ate 1/2 a cupcake and said it was wonderful.  I unfortunately am afraid to try one.  So, I guess I would just suggest to whoever does the baking to double check to make sure the pops are fully baked.  Thank you and have a nice day.
3	Heard mixed reviews about this place so I thought I'd give it a try because I love cupcakes. These were actually pretty good! The cake is moist and the frosting is soft and sweet! My favorite were the Oreos n creme and the chocolate one with cake batter frosting....Mmmm. The red velvet cake was also good however the frosting was a little too much cream-cheese tasting so I didn't really care for it, which is sad because red velvet is my usual favorite. The downside is that they're kind of pricy...I paid almost $15 for 4 cupcakes... But if you go to any real bakery shop these days cupcakes usually run about 3 or 4 bucks so I wasn't too surprised.
5	Cupcakes were delicious. First time eating a cake pop and it was amazing. Tad pricey but I feel well worth it for quality ingredients and craftmenship.
1	Not open when they're supposed to be :-(. If your posted hours aren't accurate, please update them. Disappointed.
3	I've tried cupcakes from here before and they were a complete dissapointment; dont get me wrong, they look DELICICIOUS but the cake was dry. You cannot be a cupcake shop but have dry cake. The second time I was running late to work but had a craving for something sweet. Since I was close by I stopped by this location, the environment was nothing to rave about but the cupcakes looked good. I picked out two and was so surprised to find out each cupcake was about 3.50, surprising because they were  small or just regular sized. I still bought a carrot and coconut. I must admit this time they were actually good and the cake was moist. I don't think they are worth 3.50 so I don't think I'll return anytime soon.
