5	Like stepping back in time, or into a museum of priceless artifacts, La Boutique du Collectionneur is an intoxicating place with items that are almost unbelievable. The shop keeper has literally traveled the world for the past forty years, gradually filling his boutique with the most diverse array of merchandise one could possibly imagine. One really has to see it to believe it.And it's intense, too. There's a bar of soap from Germany's Third Reich, a yellow star marked Jude. There's an antique perfume bottle from Japan, decorated with hand-painted lilies. There's an array of Nepalese cigarettes and cigars. Stone collectibles from the base of Machu Picchu. The place is literally packed from wall to wall, floor to ceiling, with seemingly priceless wonders. You could spend hours--and tons of money--and it would be worth it. The shop keeper and his son are wonderful, interesting people. Very kind, helpful, and full of life. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood for a truly unforgettable experience. And, if you're lucky, maybe you'll leave with something special to remember it by. I know I did.
5	I was hoping to find an antique type store while in Montreal. We walked by late at night on our way to a party. I took a picture so I could remember the name and attempt to look it up the next day (I think we were a little intoxicated)The picture served well and we found it! Spent a good 45 minutes in there, I wanted to buy more but all we left with was an old harmonica. Apparently he sells dolls that have spirits -- that is what someone at the party told us. Definitely a spot to check out if you're in the area.
4	This boutique is so incredible. You can find all the props and knic knacks from years ago. It is very well organized despite the number of objects that reside there.Surprisingly the prices are very low, which is great!It is definitely a store worth checking out when walking along Boulevard St. Laurent.
4	If you are looking for a well-organized shop that is a mix of junk and 20th century vintage items, this may suit you. Like many places of its kind, you may find yourself struggling with items you would see at decent yard sales for much less. It also takes a keen eye to pick out the treasures amongst the less-than-treasures. The owner is engaging (and at least from my limited vantage point) seemed to be a bit more interested in selling than running a museum, which is not always the case with these shops. Here are a few of the types of items you will see...1. antique photographs of people.2. coke coolers and commemoartive soda bottles.3. license plates.4. small antique boxes for things like bathroom items or car parts.5. 1920s-1960s furnirure.6. Some signage.7. Paintings/prints.8. Glassware.9. Coins.10. Records.
