3	I decided at the last minute that I needed a bikini wax prior to going on a tropical vacay. Since it was last minute, I could not get an appointment at the normal salon I use, so I decided to check out the European Wax Center at Blakeney.  I was able to get an appointment time that worked for me with almost no advance notice.  When I arrived for my appointment, there was no wait time, which was nice.   The facilities were clean and the employees that I came in contact with were courteous. However, it was a bit awkward for me as the esthetician just stood there as I got ready for the treatment.  My experience in other higher end salons is that they often give you a moment of privacy to get situated and relax before they step back into the room for the treatment.  Oh well, not a big deal, I just got over it and moved on with it.So, before she starts, she asks if I want a Brazilian instead of a Bikini wax.  I tell her, no, I am just looking for a bikini line wax.  But after she gets started, she sort of goes crazy taking off way more hair than I think is normal for a regular bikini line wax.  (I guess I ended up with a Full Bikini wax instead, which is not what I had asked for.)   Overall, I think she did a pretty good job with regards to technique, because I didn't see any spots that she missed. However, I wasn't really thrilled that so much area was waxed.The wax itself seemed to be pretty good. For me it still hurts, but I think she did an ok job with removing the wax at the right time - not too soon, and not too late.  (She didn't rip any skin or any other horrible thing like that.) However, I still haven't decided if I am going to go back.  If I do decide to go back, I am going to be more clear prior to the service about what I want and do not want removed.  Overall it was ok, but not the very best waxing experience that I have ever had. As other reviewers mentioned, they do like to push product on you - I ended up walking out with a $20 bottle of ingrown hair serum... which I am sad to report, really didn't work so well for me. They did also tell me about buying some sort of "package deal", but thankfully they didn't hound me about it.
1	First time is  just ok little rush second visit i get lots of ingrown hair in my legs.For the price you  still can find  some  better technician. I felt lot pressure to purchase products  and more.  The  price is moderate  i did not recommend
3	I'm giving EWC three stars because the Esthetician does the job just fine and it's the first place I've been to where it doesn't hurt to get a bikini wax. Some of the front desk receptionists are definitely lacking in warmth and could use to maybe smile or be a bit more friendly or welcoming. My first visit there, I had my eyebrows and bikini waxed. My eyebrows were waxed WAY too thin. I'll never have them wax them again. I'm growing them out and just waiting until I go back to California I have my normal gal shape them. I've since gone back, but only for bikini waxes. My bikini waxes are what I'm looking for - sanitary, quick, painless and done properly. I haven't had any ingrowns or issues. I've been to other salons - some shady places and some luxury spas. Frankly, when I'm getting my bikini waxed, I just want it done properly and to get in and out quickly. I don't need tea or a foot rub after having my bikini waxed. I usually try to get waxed a few days before I go to the spa anyway. I don't like to mess with the calm and relaxation I feel at a day spa by getting a bikini wax the same day! The Esthetician I see at EWC is also really sweet and does a good job. My first visit, they did try to sell me on some products but I just explained that I'm pretty set on my regime and the products I'm already using and they didn't pressure me further. As far as trying to sell me on a membership, the receptionist just showed me the membership options after my first visit and I declined. No pressure after that and I've never been asked again. I haven't had a bad experience with getting my bikini waxed so I'll keep going back for that service.
5	Had a great experience with Veronica!   Hair removal doesn't hurt a d she took her time!!
5	Mariah was amazing. Great eyebrow arch. Like having a face lift. Really opened up the eyes up. Also did legs underarms. Love the wax they use. Ask for Mariah and get amazing eyebrows.
5	Fastest Brazilian wax I ever gotten! Awesome! The girls name starts with the K I can't remember, but she was fast and professional and very clean. I reccomend her! Plus they took me as a walk in right away Very friendly staff 5 stars from me
