5	I happened upon ubreakifix by chance via a link in my Gmail. (I often just thought those were useless.) After just managing to slip in there before they closed I heard back the very next day about what they could do to repair my iPhone. I had already decided to buy the newest iPhone so I just sold them my broken 3GS - they pay $60 if the screen isn't working but I hear that if it is they'll pay $120 for it! iPhone has a high resell value and this is the place to sell if you want some good quick cash.I also recommended them to a coworker upon noticing his iPod touch screen was broken. He took my advice and got it replaced for around $60 and was very satisfied with the job. The prices may sound high but that could just be the deal for Apple products. When I went they didn't have any kind of sign up outside so it was hard to find - I was worried the internet had tricked me! It's just to the right of Staples looking straight on at it. The service at ubreakifix is incredible - every person I've seen working there is polite and very helpful. Highly recommended!
4	Found these guys using Bing. My iPhone home button was unresponsive. Brought it in and less than 30 minutes I was up and running. Brand new home button installed. Works better now than it did when it was new.
5	My iPhone button was unresponsive and I took it to these guys at Carmel Village. My button was sticking 5-8 times a day and in 1 hour they replaced the button and told me if it continued, bring it back because it may be the docking port. It worked flawlessly over the next day, but started to acting up again so I dropped back by and in an hour and no charge later it's fixed. It's been 2 weeks and still no problems, so I think the got it this time. Very friendly people that don't act like tech snobs. They simply fix what's broken!
4	my iPhones were broken and the 2 phones were fixed in about 1 1/2 hours. great service and very pleased with the ease and speed. definitely recommend it!!
5	I usually have my doubts about going to any computer repair shop. Having a background in tech, programming, and even IC troubleshooting, I rarely find myself in need of these services. The high costs associated with just about any service scare me, won't lie. Of course, time always seems to be an issue with me too, so recently, when I found myself stuck with a Dell personal laptop that wouldn't boot up properly, I decided to bite the bullet and try my luck here. Although I didn't get my computer fixed even 2 weeks later (presently), I was absolutely impressed with the service.When I first brought the computer by and elaborated on the issue, the tech helping me (extremely nice) spat out a few things she thought it might be. I will admit, I had done my research too and just played dumb during this time. She then told me the diagnosis was free of charge. That was good to hear since I knew the repair was going to burn a damn hole in my wallet.The results came back quick- and just as I thought, bad motherboard. The real kicker is instead of selling me on a replacement motherboard and service, they told me exactly what I wanted to hear (shades of gray)- that it would actually be more beneficial to simply buy a new computer due to the costs of the parts/ labor. And did they try and sell me a new computer from their shop? Nope. Now that's just stand-up.I walked out without paying a dime and got extremely useful info. Regardless of their service rates (which I didn't get a chance to mull over), the big thing to appreciate here is the staff and how they don't put themselves on another level than people walking through their door. You might get that at another repair shop, sure. I would feel damn good about coming back here for other services. But yeah, I'm still stuck scowering ebay for a replacement motherboard.
5	Fast, reliable and true to their word. Honesty and affordable. Very pleased with diagnostic and repair of my iPad 2. Great job.
5	Top notch service here.  Staff was friendly, explained what was going on, gave some good tips and even tried to fix it for free.  I could not even think of a negative to my experience with this store!
5	Thank you guys so much!!  After a crappy, botched repair job from someone else, these guys fixed my phone.  Please do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for people that know what they are doing!!  I would definitely come back here in the future.  Thanks again!!
5	I was visiting from out of town when my daughter's Kindle stopped working.  This shop was able to fix it same day and make my 3 day drive back home bearable. The service was prompt,  friendly, and affordable.
5	I dropped my samsung gallaxy and broke the screen. They fixed it promptly and it only costed me some spare change. I love em
5	these guys are awesome... luv their knowledge of electronics and honesty.  I luv luv luv them
5	I accidentally crushed the screen on my wife's iPhone 4S and found that the deductible on the insurance was 200.00. I went in this place and Ryan assisted us immediately. He advised it will take a little longer than normal to repair the device as an employee called in sick today. So...two hours later and 85.79 my wife had her iPhone back with a new screen installed. I would recommend these guys to any and everyone! I have not been solicited to write this review, nor am I an employee of this business.
5	I highly recommend this place! Too notch service! Fast and friendly! My Daughters screen was crushed and the LCD was broke in her 5c. Jamie said 30 minutes to fix and we got the call saying it was ready in exactly 30 minutes! Very reasonable too!!
5	My experience with uBreakiFix  was exceptional. My cracked screen was terrible and small pieces of glass cutting my fingers. I took my phone into uBreakiFix  and within minutes my phone appears as if it was brand new. I love these guys, they are quick, effective and pleasurable.
