1	I stayed here back in May and its still bugging me how crappy this hotel was. The staff was incredibly rude, they charged us for ice (really?), and totally ruined our trip. They said our room had a pull out couch that I had planned on sleeping on, but it didn't and I was left with the floor which probably had ghonoherpasifilaids all over it.We stayed at the motel 6 the next night which was cheaper and was so happy to be treated like a human being.This place sucks.
1	The staff are incredibly rude, from the check in to the parking guards. The AC is so loud you can't sleep at night (it also gives you sore throat in the morning) and the couch sucks. The guards like to pull you aside in the hallways to scrutinize your hotel id (every guest is required to carry one with them at all times).On top of all this, our door lock broke and we had to be moved to a different room with all our things in the middle of the night. This hotel is very strict about extra guests (they will be charged an extra $10/night and be given their own ID) - be prepared for this if you are bringing along any joyriders.The parking lot is often blocked off by guards checking id and parking passes.I feel like one star is too high of a rating for this place, so do yourself a favor and skip it. You'd have a more pleasant experience staying in a cardboard box under a bridge.
1	I stayed here with several friends who went to the EDC festival and had the worst experience with their customer service. Throughout the weekend, the security barricaded the entrance and every car was searched so that every one`s IDs matched their room. I wanted to have a friend over for drinks and it proved impossible. We tried discussing with the security yet the overly large guy who was in charge  refused any arguments and did not allow us to have any guests.Because of the poor customer service, Nellis Suites deserves one star. I only make a trip to Vegas once a year and my experience should not be ruined by some rude staff member.
1	NO NO NO. First off, we did not stay here because we wanted to. My husband and I are both active duty and we were staying in base lodging, but had to move here when there was no longer availability for us on base (were waiting to close on a house). When we called to make reservations, the women who we spoke to was pleasant enough. She had told us that there were utensils and other things provided for the kitchenette. We walked in and i swear i wanted to turn right back around. It reminded me of an 80s massacre movie/porn film. The "kitchenette" had a butter knife, 2 forks and 2 spoons and a few glasses. We went down to the front desk and they said they'd try to get something for us and we had a few pots delivered the next day. Needless to say we ended up buying a cutting board, some knives and other essentials for cooking a meal. Our refrigerator was broken and didn't work, luckily they came out and swapped it that same day. We also wanted them to check on our AC because i swear that thing is possessed. They came to "look" at it but said there was nothing they can do unless it stops working. It wakes us up every few hours with groans and pounding noises and screeches. Its not fun at all. The towels are a joke, if you want to call them towels. On the plus, the internet is pretty fast though. we were stuck with a room of 2 double beds. We thought one of the mattresses smelled of urine but nope, come to find out, there is an amazingly strong odor of urine just under the bed on the carpet! Yay! it smells so bad. The other double bed wasn't as bad..we only found one bug crawling in it so far. UGH! This place is not worth the money even with the sorry excuse for a military discount. I was considering moving into my coworkers RV instead of living here, but we are so tired of moving all our stuff around. Oh yeah- and the housekeeping only comes once a week- if you want it more often it costs extra..i think they said $40. NOT WORTH IT! Do not stay here if you have kids you care about or don't want to witness drug possession. On our way to and from the pool there is a lovely couple of people sitting at their couches rolling/smoking blunts in there with the door open. i wish i could not give any stars. The people at the front desk are so rude as well.
1	just simply put. stay away from this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This HOTEL WAS HORRIBLE the room or hotel did not look like the pictures it was small had very limited dishes in the kitchen very limited tv was small and old the remote didn't work couch was beyond small and you get no tvs in the room oh and they offer Wi-Fi but only for one device you have to pay for more oh and you have to pay for extra tissue towels which or rough and old and small and basically anything extra you want like really. This hotel is lucky I had to give it a star. The people behind the desk are slow and don't give you all the information needed on check in and rude when you ask for stuff. The manager was nice but wasn't willing to give us any compensation for anyth but an extra Wi-Fi password. I had to book last minute due to the busy weekend but I really wish I hadn't I never had an experience so nasty and horrible in vegas. I mean I know you get what you pay for but to me it still wasn't worth it seeing as I couldn't even get a good night sleep in there hard beds with thick rough pillows. Oh and people were noisy and arguing all night. They need to seriously upgraded there hotel. Beware of pictures they lie even our blinds were broken they couldn't even get new blinds. Never staying here again.
2	It's way out in the boonies next to Nellis AFB, but we got a 2 BR suite for the same price of a Motel 6 near the Strip. It's an extended stay hotel, so there's a full kitchen and roomy walk-in closets. The mattresses are hard, but I slept well. They give you coffee for your room. Too bad the coffee maker was missing. I've always wondered about the type of people who steal coffee makers from hotels. Don't they worry about other people's germs or the exorbitant fee they'll be charged when the maids discover that it's missing?Dog friendly, but you pay a $28 non-refundable fee per dog per day, with a maximum of 2 dogs. The hotel is dated, but it is as clean as an in-refurbished Motel 6. They give you a password for free wifi for one device. The beds are hard, but whatevs. The cable has a lot of channels and because it was a suite the tv had a couch and coffee table.There's nothing in the neighborhood, but right in front of the hotel is 25, a club that does karaoke and serves food 24 hrs a day. I'm guessing that the bar services the off duty soldiers, so you'll hear people chatting and loitering in the parking lot when they shut down the karaoke at 1am because they just don't want the party to end. It was a little worrisome, since our room was right next door, but we survived. In spite of all that, my mom thought it was nice considering what we paid, and we're used to 4 star hotels. She might just have been impressed with the size of the suite.
1	This place is terrible.  DON'T GO THERE.  1. I booked it on the internet for $99/night.  When I showed up they wanted to charge me $138/night.  I showed them the paperwork.  They said their paperwork showed $138.2. I asked for non-smoking.  When I showed up, they said they didn't receive that request.3. It is next to an Air Force Base.  At 6:30 AM, you hear the bugle (if you like that, that is a plus).  Then during the day, you hear air force jets buzzing.  It is a training base4. The wall is very thin.  You can hear noise from the next room5. The staffs are very rude and don't care about you.
4	Overall the room is big and clean. For suit around $70 on weekend, I think it's a good deal. The staffs are friendly and nice. The only thing I can complain is the wall is too thin so you will hear other people. There is one free wifi for one device per room.
1	Fucking aweful, $10 key charge per key, no refunds, dumpy motel 6. Also charge extra tax and "administration fees" nicest place in whole joint is front counter. Don't waste your time and/or money. It's a real dump, and it's not affiliated with the base at all. They have tons of plaques etc in lobby to make it look nice but its worse than the no quality in that got torn down years ago across from hard rock hotelIf you want to be a star in a real life csi event stay here
