4	There's not many 24 hour Subway places so I thought I should put up that this is the newest location to do so. They just put their sign up :-) Yeah, it's still fast food, but it's not bad tasting and not the worse thing I can be eating at 3am. Sometimes a late night tuna sandwich or some cold cuts and veggies just sounds nice.
4	I love the fact that this location is 24 hours.  You can't say that for many Subway's and with them rolling out there new breakfast menu it helps a lot, check out the english muffin breakfast sandwiches, they are great!  As for everything else it's a Subway, there is not much more you can say, the staff is friendly and the store itself is usually pretty clean, just about what you would expect from any Subway.
4	I went here for the first time today and noticed the lit up sign on the window that said this location was open 24 hours! Neato, right?Anyway... I had awesome customer service and since the gentlemen taking my sandwich order had a shirt that said "meltastic"... I thought I would try one of their new melty subs. It seems as if they always have something new going on --- I like that. The sandwich was good, but was kinda irritated that the chicken was super cold even though I ordered the sandwich toasted.The store was clean and employees were decent enough. I'll come back to this one, especially if it's at 3:00 AM.
1	I usually love subway, but this location is not your usual good food. The service was good & the workers very nice. The food however was very disappointing. When I got home the bread was hard & very dry. The cheese wasn't melted, over all the three sandwiches tasted stale. They were scraping the bottom of the containers of the toppings. They should refill sooner & use fresh ingredients.
1	In the tuna was other foods I can't eat here ewwww nasty....So we walk in and look at the tuna. The crusty ice cream scoop made me want to puke. In the tuna was cheese and bits of olives and meats ewwwww. The employee at work all she said was I just placed it in their a moment ago. Really that's sad that she would be so nasty how on earth can anyone put something so nasty inside something that people would eat. I just looked her at then my husband and just said lets go no I wont eat that.
2	I ordered a Subway Club with lettuce tomatoes and mayonnaise and I had to explain to the guy making the sandwich 3 times what I wanted on it. Then my sons ordered a meatball sub and the guy kept insisting on it being toasted even after we humbly declined. Finally they got the order right after after 10 minutes of explanation.  The manager did however give us a free upgrade to a combo meal because of the incompetence of his sandwich maker.
5	Francis, Alexis is the man of this subway.  He cares about how the store looks and you SHOULD promote him or give him a raise.  This guy is so on point he aligns the cookies perfectly and is always working hard every time I visit.  This guy is on the management / owner track.  I'm a businessman / entrepreneur, if you don't get on top of this and see it ill take advantage.  Thx :)
4	First time visit on Halloween in route to a get together. Wanted a quick bite to eat to get the night started. Loved how intimate the setting was. Very clean and the staff is really professional. Loved hearing how they have fun chatting it up with customers as they served them.The dine in experience was great. Really relaxed and settled. When in the area again, I will stop back for another quick lunch or dinner.
3	Lets talk about the night / graveyard people on 9/26. The guy was stoned. He had his friend in a big red truck out there taking up 2-3 parking spots with his wonderful parking.
1	Sucks sucks sucks... It's open 24 hours and the dude was sleeping...boooooooo....sucks
