5	This is the most friendly and affordable nail salon ive been to! The owners are sweet and their massage chairs are fantastic! I highly recomend this place.
5	Oh I always feel So much better after getting my feet scrubbed! I've tried a few places around where I live, but I keep going back to this one. Great service, fair price and excellent attention to detail. Love the way my teeny tiny toes sparkle after walking out of here. Oh, be sure to try the sugar scrub and the "cooling" potion they put on your feet is awesome.
5	My favorite place to get my nails done. I've tried other nail salons, but I always come back to Capri because they do such a great job. Nice technicians and very good prices.
4	Friendly nail techs, lots of massage chairs, and services are a steal! I've been getting my toes pampered here for several years and not one negative experience. Tip: Make an appointment if you're short on time. They have always been completely accommodating, but It's not unusual to walk in to a full salon at any time of the day, with  waits up to 20 minutes.
5	Went here for the first time yesterday and got the VIP pedicure. The chairs were so-so, but the pedicure itself was wonderful. They even stayed later to accommodate the large party. I'd go back. The wax and hot rock massage made me a believer. Super nice staff as well.
3	I went here because the place in the shopping center across the street (where they apparently have books upon books of designs you can choose from) opened an hour later.  This place was busy, which is a good sign.  They had all the standard everything.  My lady didn't understand any of the requests or instructions I gave, but she did a good job and my spa pedi turned out cute.  The hot stone massage/cooling sea-salt scrub/paraffin pedicure left my legs feeling great!
4	To be completely honest the only reason I come here is because it's only $20 for a gel/shellac manicure where other places are $35-40. They do a good job on waxing, not the best ever however better than most places in this part of town that I've tried. Prices are the best, service isn't bad, and that's basically it!
4	A small, unassuming salon tucked into a corner of a strip mall. The prices are great ($19 for pedi) and the service is really good. A great find!
4	I brought my teenage daughters here for a mani pedi. The staff was friendly and the services were reasonably priced.
5	This place was awesome me and my friend went for mani/pedi and we waited about 5 mins then we got seats next to each other for pedis. Did a good job. The manis...I had gel and they did a neat job and quick! When we paid I couldn't believe it $39 for pedi plus gel mani! Definitely would go again.
5	I have been going to this place for years now, every person there is friendly and does an amazing job. They update their chairs often and actually try new things like a paraffin wax and spa treatment which they did not have before. A great place to get pedi, medi and a wax. Best to make an appointment though cause they are really busy.
4	First mani/pedi ever! I was pleased. Very friendly staff. Pricing is excellent!
1	Will not be coming back here, waste of time. The owner was very nice and welcoming but that didn't make up for the quality of service. Started with the deluxe pedicure for a decent price. The water was cold. When I go for a pedicure I mostly go for the massage, I usually pay for extra massage if needed. She was pretty much just putting lotion and the sea salt on my legs and feet. No massage or rubbing what so ever. I asked her if she could rub harder or more rough. She either didn't understand or did not want to because she just told me no and shook her head. Complete waste of time, I did not see a point since I can put lotion on my legs myself.. Also painted my toes poorly with excess polish on my skin. When it came to get my gels replaced I presented a design I just wanted something similar. He did well on the design yet painted very poorly missing the sides of my nails and the gel is not thick enough and bumpy. My nails can chip or break very easily. All in all I'm never going back there. I only came there because my usual place is closed Mondays. Tiffiany's Nails, they are great.
3	To start I'm only giving 3 stars because the man that works here (I don't know his name) is very sweet. That being said I knew I should've turned back around after walking into a girl complaining. I had heard bad experiences from others, but I was willing to try due to convenience. I went to get a full set and the moment the woman sat with me she seemed like she wanted to get it over with ASAP! I will name a list of things I found not okay.1) She used actual scissors to cut my nails2) When she filed she would do it very quickly and even skipped a few nails. We were done after 20 minutes, that's how rushed it was. 3) The most annoying part was after she filed down the acrylic, she dusted it off and began painting. I don't know about anyone else, but I prefer to wash my hands before painting over the filings. It causes bubbles  and feels unsanitary.4) The gel polish was "globbed" on and looked gluey afterwards. As well as there was obviously polish in my cuticles. (She didn't bother to fix) I'm not one to complain, but after having this experience many times before I was done. As well as she was completely careless and even rude. My nails came out worse than they've ever looked, honestly. The man here fixed them the best he could. You can tell he does care about customers and takes his time. When I tried to tip him he wouldn't accept, that proves he genuinely cares.
5	Love this place!  I've been going here for a few years.  The staff is friendly, the prices are great and they do an excellent job.  I highly recommend the VIP pedicure.
4	My regular nail place was closed for a month for vacations so I was looking for a place for my pedicure fix. Capri Nails had decent reviews and cheap prices so I gave them a try.They did a good job. They were very clean. Foot massage was heavenly. My toenails looked great and the paint job lasted for a couple weeks. I highly recommend them and they will be my back-up nail place. :)
3	Came in for the 19 dollar pedicure.Nice selection of OPI and also my not so favorite China Glaze.Asked if they did the cuticles.She said yes.Asked for square shaped toe nails.She gave me a combo of square and round, cut them too short for my taste, and cut my big toe nails uneven so they are actually lopsided looking. (Not too psyched about that.)Great color and neat pedicure but my cuticles weren't cut back like I asked and the uneven big toe nails kind of bother me.I'll keep looking around for a place that can do a little better. This place also needs to keep their door open. The heavy chemical stench of all of the nail polish is suffocating.
3	i don't think i will ever go back there unless for a cheap pedicure. The owner was nice but the ladies who did my nails and toes didn't say one word to me. The lady who did my pedicure was way to rough with my feet. She even made frustrating faces at me when my feet wasn't were she wanted them to be. My toe got messed up while i was there and they wouldn't even fix it for me, so now my big toe has a huge smear. The lady who did my nails didn't do what i wanted but they came out good. I'm not impressed at all. Worst pedi/mani i have ever had.
