2	I'm glad Dollar has this rental return at Circus Circus. I decided to return here early, so I could avoid the hassle with long lines and long waits returning at the airport. The person who helped me with the return was nice and took care of it all quickly. The only problem was I had to wait 20 minutes until there was someone back at the desk. It's hard finding the return garage. It's the 5th floor of garage #2 which is reached by taking the road by the casino that is perpendicular to the Las Vegas strip back to behind the casino. Then you turn left into the garage and go all the way until you're outside, where you the take a left into the garage marked #2. Dollar, of course, didn't think to provide signs leading the way. Doing that would have required someone in charge who knows about customer service.
1	Dollar Rent A Car is the worst rental car company ever! I rented a car from them at the Monteo Carlo Hotel in Las Vegas. As part of a promotion they were having, they added a free GPS to the rental. I told the lady I did not need one, but she said it was free and came with the car so I gave in. Worst decision ever! After filling up the tank and neatly parking the car in the exact stall I got it from, filling out the paper work for the drop box, and making sure to clean up after myself, I realized that the GPS unit's case, did not fit in the glove box that I was told to place it in. I obviously did not want to leave the GPS out in a visible location in the car, so I placed it inside of the center console compartment. I figured I could not possibly the fist renter of a Chevy Malibu to have trouble fitting that GPS duffle bag into that tiny glove box. I'm sure tons of people place them in the center console. Well apparently that center console is a portal to another dimension because now Dollar is charging $500 for a missing GPS. I talked to their investigations Manager, and no matter how many loop holes I showed her in Dollar's return system, I am ultimately at fault and have to pay up. What ever happened to "the customer is always right"? Needless to say, I will never do business with Dollar Rent A Car again.
1	Run don't walk AWAY from Dollar Rent A Car in Treasure Island! Starting with an hour wait to get service  ( with only three people in line) to them not knowing exactly which floor of the parking garage the car was on to the deceitful billing practices this company is shameful! Their trick was to charge your for more than you had stated you wanted, then you look at a tiny screen(after waiting for an hour and on the verge of being late for a meeting) and hit agree. What we thought we were agreeing to was $150 but the billed totaled over $300 for 27 hours!We had the same experience with the "Free" GPS offer as another reviewer, which is not free at all.We called customer service and tried to explain that we had not wanted all the add on coverage we were charged for and that we were told we would not be charged for a second day but just for three extra hours, but that was not what they billed for. They just stated that we had hit the "I agree" button.What a horrible experience! I suppose they make their stock holder happy by robbing their customers but is that the kind of business that you want to support? Shame on you Dollar Rent A Car.
3	Nice place to rent a car.  Service is fast for a place that only has one or two workers.  They tend to have plenty of cars on their facility, but lack to know where the location of the car.  I was stuck finding where my car was.  In the end, they gave me a different car.  Honestly, it's a car rental place.  Have your ID and Credit card ready.. (Internationals, have PASSPORT).  I have rented cars for quite awhile now, and things move faster when you have a reservation and know what you are getting.
1	Worst Company ever, they have so many hidden charges and practice predatory tactics into forcing/tricking you into all these extra charges. However much they claim the estimate to be, times that by 5, and then some. I reserved a car online, and it looked reasonable, taxes, mileage, etc., the usual, and it came to be 24 dollars a day. I arrived to pick up my car and had to wait literally 2 hours for a line of about 10 people or so, I initially chalked that off because it was the cheapest one i found online. When they got to me, they started with adding on charges left and right, before I even got any insurance i was already up to 65 dollars, and they basically threaten you with "we are going to go after you and your family money if you dont buy insurance and our car gets scratched." So the total for 1 freaking day was 100 dollars, and gas is not included despite the exorbitant price. Run away, and save yourself some money and be happy. Dollar rental is the perfect way to ruin your vacation.
1	horrible place to rent a car! The employees must get a kick back from ripping people off. DONT NOT RENT FROM these people unless u want to ruin your vacation!
1	I should have followed Yelp's reviews instead of deciding on Dollar's lower rental base price.  They charge for extra drivers, they don't have the car listed on their website, they consider a Chevy Tahoe (Full Size SUV by most other Companies) the same category as a Chevy Suburban (Premium SUV by most other Companies).  Signed up for the Suburban and given a Tahoe, with not enough room for my travelers and luggage (had to purge some luggage at a relatives home).  This, with the explanation that they consider the Tahoe and Suburban as the same category, and can't do anything about it other than offer me different vehicle that may still not fit my needs.  In addition, the attendants explained that the only Suburban that they have is the one across the parking lot (belonging to the manager!!!!!).1 star, only because I can't  leave it at ZERO stars!!!!!
1	The entire process was problematic. The line to get the vehicle was over an hour long around midnight on a Tuesday night in Las Vegas. Several people in line went to other rental companies that had no lines to have them match/beat the rate they had from Dollar. The person assisting me at checkout was very friendly, but I asked specifically about how busy they were, and he stated that this was not busy. He said they were not even felling pressure to rush, or speed things up because it was a "slow" night. There were 3 employees working the counters, and 1 or 2 of them would often assist one customer and then disappear for 15+ minutes. This happened more than once in the hour+ time I was in line. During the check-in process I upgraded from a compact car to a mustang convertible. The "upgrade" was listed at the bottom of the receipt, but on the vehicle type was still listed as compact car. When I was finally able to track down the person directing people to cars in the lot (25+ minutes to find him), he still tried to force me into a compact car (didn't speak English very well). I had to find a second person that tried to do the same, but I was able to show him the "upgrade" line on the receipt. He said fine and took me to the most beat up rental vehicle I've ever seen. Being near 2am, I accepted just so I could get to my hotel to check in and get to sleep.  When I arrived to the checkout booth, I requested to look over the vehicle so I could document all of the damage already on the vehicle, and she instructed me that they can't do it there because everything was documented on intake. I could definitely foresee that being a problem when I returned the vehicle. Upon pulling into the lot in San Diego to return the vehicle all of the return lanes were full, so I parked in an open spot. I could not see any employees that were not running around like chickens with their heads cut off, so I went inside where they told me I had to wait and pull it into the return lanes once they were cleared out. When I was able to get it into a return lane, as expected the employee found damage and had me fill out an accident form for the chipped windshield (said he could find the documentation for the rest of the body damage). I disputed filling the form out, but he ensured that I would not be charged for it, but they needed to document it.
