4	Pita Shack just took over Greek Chef in the Whole Foods shopping center at Rural and Baseline. The menu is a bit different, but still has your standard gyros, shawarma, and kabobs. At first I was a little sad because I did like Greek Chef. The owner seemed like a nice guy and the service and food were always good. Not to mention the fries were awesome.We went there Saturday expecting to go to Greek Chef. They had only been open for 3 days, so there was still some confusion when my wife asked for no onions, but everything came out just as we'd ordered. To my delight, the food was actually better than Greek Chef's. The gyro meat had a little more spice to it and everything just seemed a tad fresher. Hopefully they can get organized over there and keep up the good work. I know we'll be coming back. Go check it out and support a nice local place. It'll be worth it.
3	Went here for dinner as i saw this place had changed from being the Greek Chef to Pita Shack and wanted to see what was here. The name is quiet deceiving if you were to go on name only and are expecting something like Pita Express with just a variety of pita sandwiches; this is more of a greek/Mediterranean/mid-eastern place along the style of the nearby My Big Fat Greek Express. They basically took the menu of the old place and expanded to include a few more items and have changed a few things.As for the food i ordered just a gyro sandwich which was priced pretty cheap at just under $5. After I ordered and sat down then one of the owners(at least I think owner) came over and asked if i would like to try the lentil soup on the house. I said sure and he promptly brought me a bowl. Must say it was pretty good soup, i usually add pepper to my lentil soup but for some reason the flavor of this kept my urge to do so at bay. It was spiced just right, hot and thick not too watery. The gyro it self was only ok mostly due to the meat being only luke warm. The flavor of the meat was good but the tzatziki sauce was the real winner here with a good blend of flavors and not overly garlic like with most places. The pita itself was also good nice and warm. Tomatoes were also nice and ripe. This also had a huge pile of meat.While i say 3 star with the meat being a bit warmer this local owned business will surely be a 4 star and I will be back soon
3	Sometimes you just want to give an A for effort...Or maybe more than three lame stars.  As the two other previous reviewers have pointed out succinctly, the man who I assume to be the owner was extremely nice.  I made the 1.5 hour drive from Tucson to watch Avatar at Arizona Mills, and my friends and I decided to grab a bite before heading back.  We randomly drove down Baseline and pretty much stumbled upon this place.  Traffic going westbound towards the 10 was insane.  I mean it was bumper to bumper past Rural.  Anyway, I ask the guy who I assume is the owner why the traffic was so bad.  At first he didn't know, but then realized that the 60 was closed.  He politely recommended that we head south then cut across to get back to the 10.  I ordered the Jerusalem Falafel sandwich. It was pretty good.  Though, in all honesty, falafel is not one those kind of dishes that one can gush over.  In my opinion, it's pretty hard to mess up deep frying ground chickpeas.  I ought to point out that the ingredients were very fresh.  This also applied to the side salad that comes with the combo meal.  My two friends opted for the gyros, and it looked good.  The meat was thinly sliced, which is somewhat different than others I've had.  They seemed to enjoy the meal, but I don't think they were quite overwhelmed by it either.  In fact, we didn't mention anything about the food during the hour and a half trip back home.  The food is by no means bad at Pita Shack.  It's adequate to serviceable in terms of Mediterranean food.  The positives regarding the food have to be its freshness and price.  In fact, I spent no more than $8 for a sandwich, salad, and drink.  The service, as noted previously, is undoubtedly the most shining spot of the place.   As we were finishing up our meal, the guy who I assume is the owner offered us lentil soup on the house.  We declined after being quite filled and satisfied from our respective sandwiches.  I believe another reviewer had the same thing happen to him, and he had positive comments about it.  Now, for me it's was the food that really matters.  Accordingly, I gave three stars, as opposed to the four that I was close to giving.  Should I ever return to the Tempe area hankering for food in a pita, I would most definitely give Pita Shack another shot; if only to support a genuinely nice guy's business.
5	Honestly, I'm not typically a fan of Mediterranean food. I don't like gyros, I don't like feta, and salad gets old quickly.But a good friend of mine suggested I check this place out and try the chicken shawerma sandwich. It looked ok, and so I tried it. Instantly hooked. Without a doubt, impressed. The food was fresh and very interesting. The unique blend of spices was quite entertaining and highly pleasant. Very filling, and yet not loaded with junk. If you're going to eat out, and eat healthy, this is the place to go.I recommend this to anyone - even if you're not a fan of the cuisine style - you will find something to like here.
3	02/17/10Definitely not a place to go on a date; The Pita Shack is strictly utilitarian-- you're here for the food.  I've only visited once thus far, and chose one hit and one miss.  The hit was the gyro sandwich.  Loved the moist and thicker Greek-style pita that came w/ the gyro meat; The two paired well.  Too bad that the beef w/ hummus didn't fare as well... The hummus was lacking in the flavor department, and the dry beef chunks really didn't help.  I found myself favoring the Greek-style pita to lend some of its tender texture to the dry meat and rend the whole dish more palatable-- the crisper thin pita wasn't doing this dish any favors.  Do check out their homemade tahini sauce.  I would've preferred it to be slightly more viscous, but the flavor was on point!The baklava looked tantalizing, and after being told theirs did not contain pistachio, I bought a few pieces.  Alas, upon closer inspection, these pieces DID contain pistachio chunks, not just crushed and sprinkled on top, so the cashier/manager took the pieces back.  Me so sad :(
4	I enjoy gyros quite a bit and after not having one for awhile I thought that would make a good choice for dinner tonight. The gyro has a healthy portion of meat with some tomatoes (onions were held) on fresh pita served with a side of tzatziki. I wish I had more tzatziki given the amount of meat I had.  The gyro was $4.95. I've probably had gyros in the past cost at least a dollar or two more with half the meat.Planning to go back and trying some kabobs or I may just settle for another gyro.The menu has many options with the mediterranean flair and has items strictly for vegetarians.Very casual atmosphere inside. .The soda fountain serves Pepsi products.
3	Finally, after months and months of seeing a lil Greek place here every time we go to Whole Foods, my wife and I made it here for lunch today.  We would normally go to Big Fat Greek Express, but we decided to be a bit crazy because hey, this place could be an amazing hidden gem.The inside is pretty unremarkable.  A few tables and 2 kids working behind the counter.  Not really any decor to speak of aside from a few posters on the wall.I ordered a gyro and it was very good.  I have to say I like BFG's gyro better.  I don't like how thinly the Pita Shack slices their meat.  It did have good flavor though and they do give you a decent amount.  The salad that came with my meal was good as well.  Again, BFG's is a bit better.We ordered a side of hummus and pitas to share.  The hummus was eh and probably came from Whole Foods or Costco.  The pitas were no bueno.  They were tough and chewy.  My gyro came on a different pita for some reason.  It was excellent.  I just don't understand why they don't serve their hummus with the pitas that they serve with their gyros.  Weird.I hate to say it but BFG just beats this place on all fronts.  You get your food quicker, the prices are better and the food is tastier.  Anyway, it wasn't bad and I would like to try more of their food to possibly earn them another one of my stars.
5	I had lunch at Pita Shack for the first time today. I had this taste in my mouth for the creamy sauce and some pita meat. Whoah! Did I get what I wanted and more. Their gyro is DEE-LICIOUS! I think it was gone in under five minutes. I got the combo and they are generous with the fries, as well (which are crispy, yum!). I'm very excited to go back again and have some more. Dinner?
5	This place is not in my hood but would definitely make the drive to this place over and over if it stays as good as today!I felt immediately welcome by the cook and cashier when i walked in...I asked what they recommened and both said the chicken shawarma...I ordered the sandwich with the new garlic sauce for lunch today.....WOW.   The chicken was perfectly spiced and fresh along with the pita and other vegetables.  The prices are low too.  This was my first time, and since it's an independant shop i'm hoping will stay consistent.
3	11/09/10Was going to Whole Foods to buy a few staple items when I was hit w/ a craving for falafel.  Remembered there was a pita shop next door, so popped in after dropping some cash at Whole Paycheck.  (I actually am a fan of WF and am willing to part w/ some cash to get bread and organic uncured thick-cut bacon my system can actually stomach!)  Service was friendly, as always, and I even scored a whole piece sample of their delicious homemade walnut-filled baklava!  (It's topped w/ pistachios, so those w/ a mild pistachio allergy could just peel the top layers off, and you're good to go.  Believe you me, the remainder is well worth the $2 (or maybe less... IDK, I didn't pay!) you'll fork over for it.  :)The falafel patties were huge!  However, just like the hummus they're made w/, they weren't very flavorful, but I liked the crunch of the patties, even if they were on the dry side.  The extra sides of hummus and tahini didn't really add any flavor, but they helped to mitigate the low moisture content of the falafel.  I wouldn't buy another falafel pita here (2 stars), but the friendly employees, clean environment, and the complimentary dessert deserved an extra star!
5	It is refreshing to be the recipient of some good customer service.  When you try a new place, you want to feel welcome.  (Note. If you prefer to feel unwelcome, see my review on Temptations Cafe.). I believe that if I would have walked in and said that I thought that they had a buffet on Tuesdays, the cashier/waiter would have immediately said, "Why didn't you say so earlier?" I had the chicken shawarma entree.  It was really good in a good way.  Juicy with good chicken shawarma sauce.  A tahini yogurt something maybe.  It was undercrowded, so I hope that it become more popular with locals.  Come on Whole Fooders, its right next store.
5	Have to give this place five stars.  Menu is great, value is great but the cook Jose is the best.  Great customer service, really knows how to treat a customer.  He gave me a sample of the Greek fries yesterday and they are out-of-this-world good!
5	Very clean and Wow the service, speed and food was amazing! It's been awhile since I've had such great chicken shwarma. The Baklava is very tasty and fresh. I will definitely be telling my friends about this!j
5	i've been to pita shack twice and the first one was solely based on yelp reviews. i will be returning as much as possible- the staff is amazing, they talk to you, make recommendations, and generally make you feel like a valued customer. the food is also amazing- the lentil soup is super yummy, the veggie oombo authentic, and the chicken shwarma and gyros are delicious! definitely a place to check out if you're in the mood for actual greek/mediterranean food!
5	The food is pretty good, but furthermore the customer service is outstanding!!!!
4	The food is pretty good and the portions are very generous, the four stars is for their awesome customer service.
5	One of my favorite places to grab a quick lunch. My husband and I have been a few times and we usually always get the same thing but its always delicious.I love the falafel sandwich. Its always made fresh to order so its always hot and crispy. Comes with lettuce, onion, and tomato. It also comes with a side of tahini sauce you can drizzle on. I always like to cover it in hot sauce too. Makes it taste so good. I tend to use my own hot sauce though because the hot sauce here is a weird bright red almost pink color and really watery. Not much spice there either. So I just use my chalula at home. My husband usually gets the vegetable pita which he likes as well. The vegetarian options are really cheap as well. Even if we get the meal deals where you can add on fries, soup, or salad and a drink we always leave here paying less than $15. Less than $10 if we don't get the deal. So for vegetarians its a great deal. The customer service is also really great. The shop is run by some really friendly people who are always willing to cater to my weird requests. We also had one weird time here as well where the credit card machine wasn't working and for 10 minutes we all tried to run the card until I finally decided to just walk across the street and get some cash. It was weird, but funny. But it looks like they got the credit card machine situation worked out because the couple of times we have been in since then it has worked fine.
5	I frequent this place during the week for lunch and have never been disappointed! The food is delicious and the portions are outstanding for the price. Extremely friendly service and it doesn't take them long to learn what you like. Always willing to cater to the guests. My one & only "complaint" would be I wish the place was bigger, sometimes it's hard to find a seat at their busy times.You really ought to check this place out. Besides, it's hard to wrong with Greek food!
5	Why did I wait so long to come here?  I live around the corner from this place and just visited for the first time a few weeks ago.  Since them I have been there at least 6 times.  The Chicken Shawarma is amazing.  I love that they also give you a choice of sides.  The lentil soup is great and the fresh cut fries are always really good.  The service here is really friendly and they are always happy to see you. Go to the Pita Shack.  You will not regret it.
5	I am absolutely in love with this restaurant. I get wonderful service every time I'm in there. It's a small restaurant and as such, they always remember our names and our orders. Their gyros are delicious and the cucumber dressing is perfect. The pita bread is fresh, the side salads are wonderful and so is the rice pilaf. The value is great. I really can't say enough about how much I enjoy this restaurant and encourage you to go out and try it!
5	I am glad we found this place. We live close by so it is very convenient. The food is awesome. I always get the chicken shawarma, it is very flavorful and comes with a great garlic sauce. The people are also very nice. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	Decent place for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the veggie combo plate that has falafel, dolmades, hummus, tabouli and baba ghanoush and had lentil soup on the side. The man working the front counter was sooooo nice! I told him I was vegan and he let me know everything that was vegan friendly. I would come back just because of how nice and helpful he was. Without me even asking he mentioned that they cook all their veggie things separate from the meat and they only fry veggies in the fryer. They even have gluten-free tabouli as they use quinoa instead of bulgur wheat.The tabouli was good and I was very happy with the dolmades! The falafel was decent and so was the hummus.  I like my lentil soup spicy so I added Shiracha at home, the rice was a nice addition. The baba ghanoush had a great smoky flavor but it had what can only be described as a "fizzy" taste. From working in the restaurant and grocery business, I know that it had started to ferment which means it was either not stored properly or was nearing the expiration date. I was quite disappointed as I am addicted to baba ghanoush, but this can happen very easily with hummus and baba ghanoush. I will not let this deter me from trying the Pita Shack again as I really want to like this place!
4	Amazing chicken shawerma!  I got the entree, which came with a deliciously soft pita, rice, and side salad.  I think it was saffron rice - nice flavor.  Shawerma has the most wonderful spice - I have no idea what that is.  I wish it came with more tzatziki sauce because I love that cucumber-yogurt concoction!  I think it came with tahini also, but it's not my fave.  My husband got the Combo Feast and really liked everything (couldn't pick a favorite).  The only weird thing was they close at 9p and when we arrived at 8:30p, the lady at the counter immediately said we'd have to take it to go since they close soon.  Awkward.  It did take them about 20 minutes to complete our order, though.  Fresh food takes time, right?  Glad we took the food and ate it in the car anyway.
5	Great gyros close to my house.  The fries are always fresh and the hot garlic sauce is tasty.  The owner is very nice as are his employees!
4	Went to lunch with my brother, who was in town and my friend who happens to be a coworker too, and I knew at 8am this morning I was wanting a chicken shawerma sammie so waiting for it to become noon was killing me!!I ordered the chicken shawerma pita sandwich, chicken was sliced just nice and grilled perfectly, it was severed with tahini and came with lettuce, tomato and onions, and I did order the combo and got some good steak fries ( those my friends are my fav cut of fries!!!) and a drink.For kicks I also ordered me some baklava!! OMG DELISH!!! LOVE THAT STUFF!!!The shawerma sandwich was just what I was craving, the pita bread so soft yet strong enough to hold the food, the flavor of everything was delish, was sad when it was all gone :( Pita shack is a great place and service is fast! I will be back!
5	Best Pita joint I have been to!! They don't use frozen pre-seasoned pita meat, their chicken shawerma is outstanding and the staff is always so friendly and willing to let you try something before you decided to order it. Even the owner works the counter just to make sure all of the customers are happy. I will continue to eat here for years to come!! They really hit a homerun at this store!!
4	I came here twice for lunch since I had a meeting over at Embassy Suites (VERY CLOSE)  just walk 10 minutes to the right of the hotel.I had the chicken schwerma with sides of falafel.  The falafel sucked.  it was dry and seemed burnt even.  However, the schwerma was good.  The pita bread was a little less liked, but the chicken was nicely flavored.  On the next day I had the shish kebab entree with rice and veggies and a soup.  Delicious.  That lentil soup was great and the shish kebab had great flavor.  Saffron rice is to die for.
4	Good food big portion, but dont pick the chicken shwarma plate thinking it will be anything like or as good as Haji Babbas..
5	How have I not reviewed Pita Shack? I can't begin to tell you how perfect their gyro is. You just have to go eat it for yourself.The meat is not greasy at all, but not too dry. The gyro has huge, spicy, fresh white onions on it, along with some nice big tomato slices. Their pita is absolutely divine.Their side greek salad is generous and the dressing is phenomenal.The price is also right. It's not ridiculously cheap, but it's more than reasonable, and I absolutely love coming in to order my food.I love Pita Shack and eat here almost weekly. I cannot recommend them enough! Do yourself a favor and come have their gyro!
4	Stopped by for a quick lunch on the recommendation of a friend and was quite pleased with the experience!  It's located in a small storefront of a fancy strip mall that has a Whole Foods in it too.  The inside is pretty bare bones, which I've found to be a good indicator of a good gyro.  Turns out, that's correct!  And I confirmed it with a gyro pita sammich.  I got the regular one and a drink and sat down to feast.  The price was on the low end of average and the portion size was high side of average.  The gyro was a bit drier than I've had in the past, but it was way less greasy and oily than anything I've had before so it was a worthwhile trade off.  The taste and spices were spot-on and my only complaint was that they put the lettuce/tomato/onion on the pitta first and then the gyro on top, which made is a bit strange to eat.  Normally the veggies fall out when you eat it, but this time it was the meat.  The tzatziki sauce was also good, no complaints there.  Last but not least was the service.  They were fast with the food and the guy behind the counter was super nice with some small talk while ordering.  Overall a great place and I will come back for moar the first chance I get!
5	AWESOME GYROS!!!! Finally, was wondering where to go for a good gyro in this town........The hummus is good too...just ask for extra pita bread if you get the large hummus. This is a small, walk-up-to-the counter, restaurant. But, BIG flavors coming from the kitchen. The owner, a woman from Iraq, certainly knows what she's doing.
5	My co-worker and I went to Pita Shack for lunch today for the first time. I will have to say the food and services was over the top great. We walked up to the counter and was greated with a great big smile. We told the gentlemen that it was our first time there. He took the time to explain the menu and even gave us a lesson on how to pronounce dishes...I did a great job but my co-worker not so much.  The food is fresh not frozen and made to order.  I had the Chicken Shawerma sandwich and it was very very tasty. My co-worker had the greek salad and she ate every bite. I highly recommend this establishment. I will be returning for sure!
3	Great lunch prices and specials!!! My friends loved their chicken shawarmas.  For me the falafel was just ok, the pita itself was soft and delicious; decent enough to go back.
4	I love discovering a diamond in the rough when I least expect it. One of my best friends from Houston had come to visit me for my birthday, and she has a weakness for hummus so I decided to utilize my handy dandy Yelp app on my phone, and stumbled upon this little gem. When we both went in, we ordered baklava, and two chicken shawarma plates. As I write this, I feel myself salivating as I envision a steamy hot plate filled with pieces of tender chicken and hummus and pita bread.I can honestly say that this is one of my favorite places to get chicken shawarma. The lunch rates are reasonable, and when I get my plate, I always opt for a side of fries. The food is filling, and throughout the duration of my friend's stay, we frequented Pita Shack a couple of times. The service is prompt, and the food does not disappoint.In fact, I am considering going there later on to get my fix.
5	One of my favorite little places, the food and service here are top notch. Jose is a great guy and the rest of the stuff is super friendly / nice.  I've had all the wraps and they are all excellent. Especially recommend the Chicken Shawerma with a greek salad and a pistachio baklava.
5	Great place, food was fresh, reasonably priced and tasty!  Simple recipe for success. They gyro is amazing, the falafel and salads are good too. It appears to be a family owned "mom and pop" place and the kids were helping, which I thought was really cute. I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner since it is right around the corner from work, but so glad we did today. Will definitely be back.
5	I was in Tempe for work and visited some friends at Pita Shack and what can I tell you...try everything.  We tried everything from the vegetarian plate, combination plate (kifta, shawarma, etc), zalata, garlic fries, boureg, and lentil soup.  There were four of us, but really only two eating and to be honest, mainly me.  I tried everything and pretty much pigged out, but man was it worth it.  My favorites included the kifta kabob, great texture to the mean and very flavorful and the beef boureg was amazing, especially when you combined it with the "garlic sauce".  Just a moment on the garlic sauce.  You can put this on anything.  Great, amazing, best, fantastic, etc. does not do it justice.  It just tastes awesome.Great atmosphere as well and people were very welcoming and courteous.Visiting Pita Shack again would make going to Arizona in the summer worth it.  Dry heat, seriously?
5	Authentic and tasty food, very friendly owners and staff. Great find!
5	Absolutely delicious. Owners and workers are extremely friendly.Steak shawerma, amazing.Seriously the best Side Salad I have ever had.... Filled with toppings and great dressing...
4	This place was pretty good. I actually thought it was a Pita Jungle at first because I drove past it quickly and only saw the Pita part of the sign. Whoops! Either way, I enjoyed my first Med style food experience. I'd never had anything on the menu nor could I pronouce anything so the woman behind the counter was very helpful to in making suggestions. Love that everything was made right behind the counter. Wasn't expecting that much food for that price (almost $8 for drink, big box of fries and the wrap thingy) so I was pleased when she handed me the giant bag.Need to ask for it without onions next time but I'd go back. Gave it 4/5 only because the inside of the place looked really run down.
5	Best chicken schwarma in AZ! The entree is huge with really great lentil soup, salad, a huge pile of rice and chicken, served with pita. You will be hooked after your first bite! I have known about it for a few weeks and have gone there at least 10 times. Always consistent. Haven't tried anything else yet... Still haven't gotten sick of the schwarma.  Highly recommend!
5	Thoroughly enjoyed the food. Had the baba ghanouj, falaffal and gyro salad.I liked everything except the falaffal, had weird after taste. Everything reasonably priced with nice portions. Best of all no pits olives.
1	Where do i even begin?, here is where we will start. It was a dark night, and we were craving some gyros. Who doesn't crave that? I read some great reviews of them and had to try it out.Unfortunately this place really ruined my day. It was pretty busy when we walked in, but 90% of the people there had already been served and were eating, so we figured the wait wouldn't be bad at all. We (only 2 of us) ordered our food, no one was in front of us in line so our food went into the kitchen and we sat and waited...and waited. 10 minutes rolled by, no food. But we were starving. 10 minute wait isn't bad at all. A  man comes in and places a huge order, then a couple comes in after him and makes a small order... A total of 45 minutes later (i was watching the clock so this is not an exaggeration) the couple gets their food, and we are sitting there and waiting. 75  minutes rolls by, at this time i am pretty upset and starving (bad combination), the guy with the HUGE order gets his food. I walk up to the counter and ask. Is our food ready? They ordered after us and we are STILL waiting. I showed them my pay stub and time and told them what we ordered.90 minutes rolls up (yes 1 hour and 30 minutes after we ordered) we FINALLY got our food! Am i kidding you or over exaggerating? I wish i was. Now it doesn't matter how good the food was at this point i was pissed. Needless to say, the food was mediocre and not worth the wait at all. What should you do if you are hungry and wanting some gyros to eat? You should go down the road a little to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, because at least there they don't botch your order...Usually i would give places a second try. This place i will not. Mainly because...There was no apology or acknowledgment of how ridiculously long we had to wait for food.If you're a business you have to have better PR
1	First time I went to the Pita Shack was last summer and they didn't have the air-conditioning on, very uncomfortable.Last week I gave it another shot, figured it was cool enough outside to be safe. Good thing, because no AC again. I got half way through my gyro and bit down on a small bone, cartilage, or something else. It freekin hurt my tooth. I didn't complain or anything, I just won't be going back.Too cheap for AC, they probably cut corners with the quality of there food too.
2	I'd heard a ton of good things about this place so I tried it out last night, 4/4/13, for an early dinner.  The food was pretty good and I was served quickly.  However, I got the special posted on the door and at the register, but not the special price.  The same thing happened to the couple in front of me in line.  Both of our tables went back up to the register to try and work out the problem and had to wait over 5 minutes for someone to come out of the kitchen to help us.  Then we were told that we hadn't actually ordered the special, which I still don't understand because I used the words from the advertisement.
3	For mediterranean fast food, well, this was fast...and it was mediterranian.  We had a simple item, just the shwarma on hummus.  It was served with a smile, by someone happy to explain the menu in full.  When we forgot to ask for feta, that was quickly remedied for us.
4	A small restaurant, counter service, mostly tables, perhaps a booth.Excellent pitas!  I've had the hummus pita - excellent!And another time I ordered the gyro -  probably the best I'd tasted - ever!I highly recommend.
4	Best Gyro in town IMO.What I feel a great gyro needs:  Lots of meat, don't be stingy... and this place is far from stingy.  Must have a good sauce.  I don't want it watered down and runny, this place has a nice thick and flavorful sauce.  and Finally, the quality of that meat better be good, I don't want it bought presliced and warmed up on a cooktop.   It better be spinning before I get it.  Pita Shack freshly shaves that meat off, piles it high on a pita with some awesome fresh onions and a little side of that awesome sauce.  That's really all I order but have had some bites from the girl friends chicken kabob which are very nice too.  They are generous with fries if you are looking for a quick gyro lunch combo.  Lentil soup and the side salad are other good options too.Food is always fresh and tasty, service is always good.  There are only 1 or 2 other places where I think the gyro is above average in this town, and this place tops that list.
1	If you've ever had good Mediterranean food avoid this place. The pita was microwaved, the gyro meat was frozen, the  tzatziki sauce tasted like it was out of a bottle and the hummus had a very weird super fine texture (almost like it was made from a mix). I felt somewhat sick after I finished eating.There was literally no one else in the restaurant despite the fact that it was Friday night which should have been my first clue. I wish I had gone to the Chipotle across the street instead.Also, the women who as working the counter (that I get the impression was the owner) sat on her ass texting at the counting the entire time we were there. She didn't  saying anything like "have a good night" when we left despite that fact that we were only people in the place. I would never give this place my money again.
4	It's Tempe AZ... not Irvine or Laguna Niguel, and frankly, I was ready for Mexican. I really wasn't expecting a decent short list of Middle Eastern cuisine cafes. But yet, I found that short list on Yelp. Lucky for me, the yelp reviews for Pita Shack were all good. And even luckier, after driving into Phoenix around 630p, I was tired, but tired with an appetite. I lucked out..... fresh food, fair prices, and because I didn't give in to the burger joints from Indio to Phoenix..... I had an appetite. And... PS is only a couple minutes from the Embassy Suites, Tempe.This is a small shop, with a clean kitchen, and they cook everything to order! Don't expect fast service (although it isn't a long wait either)... because they're cooking from scratch, so to speak. While the falafel mix is ready to go, they form your falafels, and then put them into the fryer. Your kabobs are cooked to order. The only thing that was already prepared was the lentile soup, which was excellent!For a total of $24 with tax, I ordered the Combo Kabob Dinner with steak and chicken, rice, salad and soup, the 6 pc falafel appetizer, an "abundantly filled" gyro sandwich. While I'm not going to say the overall quality was better than our local Panini Grill chain, for a family run restaurant, I feel they're a very solid 4 star. My wife's side is Lebanese Brasilian, and I'm around spectacular Middle Eastern food on a regular basis. I even have my own hummus recipe... so for me to feel comfortable and satisfied with Pita Shack can be taken as a strong endorsement. When I'm in the PHX area on business, and if I'm staying at the Tempe Embassy Sts., I'll probably choose PS before any other local place.
5	Pita Shack has one of the best Greek chicken salads I ever had.  Dressing is fresh with a lemon zest and the Chicken also has a great lemon flavor to it.  If you like big Fat Fries then this is the place for you.  Everyone is super friendly and nice.  I Highly recommend if you are in the area
5	First of all, THE BAKLAVA! The walnut baklava was possibly the best I've ever tried. The gyro was absolutely amazing and hit the spot. Came here for lunch, and the customer service was super friendly!
3	Atmosphere was decent/ clean. Service was good, they are friendly and fast. The Greek salad was decent but not the best I've had. The chicken shawarma was not very good, maybe it's just me, would not order it again.
5	I enjoy when the process is done right, everything just tastes better. And pita shack does it right. By only using fresh ingredients and meats. I had the chicken shawerma with Greek fries. The chicken was tender because they actually marinate the chicken for at least 2 hours. And the fries were golden with a perfect crunch and softness on the inside. I felt at home because of the great hospitality. I recommend this place to anyone.
5	Great food, friendly staff...will definitely be back.  Ordered a gyro with greek fries, both of which were delicious.  Not ready for this baklava yet (they had walnut And pistachio...so i got both, lol), but I'm sure it'll be amazing!
3	You can always count on some good quick food at the pita shack. Recommend the entree option as opposed to the sandwich. Been here numerous time and have always ordered the chicken schwarma. Although this place is small and located next to whole foods, you'd be surprised how tasty some of their dishes are.
3	Pretty good Greek food with above average Garlic Sauce and Greek Fries. The rest was pretty much middle of the road in quality. That garlic sauce is out of this world and truly the best Greek Fries ever.Would get another star if it wasn't $13.99 for such a small plate of food.
1	This place is a joke. Whatever you do--don't pay extra for feta cheese cuz you won't get it lol! 2nd time this has happened. 1st time, okay I understand but 2nd time - now your just making free $$ .Asked for my gyro with feta cheese, tomatoes & lettuce. Lettuce went missing too! My asst. Ordered a chicken pita & there was 4 very small pieces dried up pieces of chicken.I called to today to let them know they needed to pick up the pace & not rip people off with feta cheese, & lack of lettuce and lack of chicken of my assts lunch. But the owner answered and told me to speak with the person who made the lunches!! Are you kidding me ? What owner puts their cook on the phone ? A lazy one!! Yes, the cook messed up but to put the cook on the phone to handle the situation ?! The cook even said it was unprofessional of the owner to put him on the phone. So, you will not get feta, lettuce, decent chicken or a answer from management/owner.. But the cook is forced to talk with angry customers! Lol! What a joke!
5	Love this place! I go as many times as I can in a week. Highly recommend if your looking to try something different.
4	I always see this place when I go to Whole Foods and I finally decided to stop in. I'm glad I did because it is delicious! I had the spicy chicken pita and when they say its spicy they mean it! I couldn't help but notice how clean the place was! There was nothing out of place! I will definitely be back again soon.
5	My first time there and the staff was super friendly and helpful.... And the food!!!! I got the steak shawarma and holy crap it was amazing!!! So freaking tasty!! I highly recommend this place!! You won't be disappointed!
5	Fast and friendly service. I've always seen this place, just never ended up going in. I'm glad I did it's delicious!
3	Food is nice. If you're in the area and looking for fast Greek food, this is a reasonable choice. The cooking seems talented enough that I wish they'd make some special dishes, but there's nothing out of the ordinary here.
4	Was good portion of food for the money. The staff was very nice and food came out quick. Will be coming back soon.
3	Really good food. But for a $10 combo there's almost no chicken.  WTH? Last time I was here I got a nice portion.
5	delicious and fast. the sauce on greek fries is addicting. my falafels were cooked perfectly, not overdone like most places. lots of people taking to go orders which means its good to me
4	Today my co-worker and I shared what we had to eat from here, then realized we felt the same about the food AND the cashier. No smile, no "welcome" or "what can I get you?", nothing. She just waits there until you start speaking and continues to have no personality. At least fake it, geez.The only reason I will keep going is I'm in love with their Veggie Pita and Greek salad. Food wise, yum!
5	OMG!!! I loved the food. Especially the kifta kabob! The best in town and since I have been doing a low carb diet this place is the best for it cause their salads are great with the kabobs or chicken. Very flavorful!!! I will definitely be going here again! loved it
5	The owner hired new employees. The new younger girl is extremely friendly!
5	Absolutely love this place! Great food and great service! Best steak shawarma I've had!
1	I was not a fan.  Worst tabouli I've had in town, barely any chicken in the pita I ordered.Plenty of better options in the area
5	Great place to eat for great prices too! I'm a regular and plan to be for a while. My personal favorite is the combination feast. It's so delicious and great for sharing! And their garlic sauce amazing!!!!! I use it every time without fail!
4	How have I not reviews this place?!?! I love Pita Shack! There philly style shawarma chicken pita is the bomb! The staff is super friendly and Jose in the back is cool as hell! Give a try you won't be disappointed!
3	Tried this place for lunch , went with the chicken kabob sandwich combo opting for the lentil soup. The soup and sandwich were not bad overall ,not the best I have had but for 8 bucks for a lunch combo I would recommend this place .
5	Hands down best gyro spot in Arizona. I live in east Mesa and I drive here when I'm wanting a gyro! Friendly staff as well!
5	The food was good. The guy I ordered from was friendly and cheery. He gave me three different kinds of sauce, at no extra charge. Which was nice because I did not know what I'd like. I got the chicken schwarma with fries on the side. (the fries are GIANT wedges, my favorite!) I've got to say that I was impressed. I don't eat a whole lot in one sitting but I destroyed that takeout box :) YUMMY! I'll have to go back for a gyro next week. My only wish is that they delivered. I work in the complex across the street and rarely take a break for lunch. It's easier to order in.
1	I ordered a chicken kabob pita, hummus and fattoush salad.  The chicken pita contained very few pieces of chicken.  Hummus was bland and flavorless.  Fattoush salad was not actually a fattoush salad (no pita chips and lettuce).  Overall, I will not order from this place again.
5	i tried the chicken shawarma this time and greek fries. Delicious.  the grilled chicken is perfectly blackened and well seasoned. Normally I get the falafel but i am happy i tried something new today!
1	If I could give it one star I would!! Out of everything I wanted to order... we were told it was a Monday? Hummis tasted like water, fries were burnt, rice dry. We asked if we could exchange the food and we were told she would talk to the cook..... they never returned to the table. We will never return to the resturant.
2	Food: Good enough as alwaysService: Ordering today was harder on me than my last breakup, the girl at the counter didn't know they had a "combination feast" or able to describe what was included in it. Then didn't ask what side I wanted, the cook asked me after and I said salad, come to find out I already had a salad included, so whelp, wasted my side. They want $15 and hour for this, for the price of our food, they should hire/train decent help.
4	Nestled next to a Whole Foods on Baseline and Rural, lies a little restaurant engaged in a battle with chains and retail giants; think Qdoba, Jimmy Johns, and McDonalds all in the same parking lot vying for local Arizonians and their wallets. Not really a fair fight is it? Very easy to get lost I would say, and even more so, when there is a Starbucks seemingly drawing cars towards it with its supernatural magnetic force.I regret to say that, at least initially, I was one of the people who overlooked this place. I saw it over and over when I went to Whole Foods, it piqued my curiosity, but I didn't take the plunge. More often than not, I think this happens to our local businesses that aren't that well known or have a huge brand, like the Subway across the street for instance, but luckily, fate intervened to bring this place across my path. Going in for other reasons, and just out of curiosity, I opened the doors and saw what was a very quaint and simple atmosphere. There was nothing to really jump out at you and draw you in, with the exception of the menu above the counter. I ordered a gyro, and noticed a sign displaying the Devanco Foods logo-which was founded by the original purveyor of gyros in North America (George Apostolu). It's little things like this that speak to quality, and are a treat for those of us who aren't that familiar with traditions dating back years and years. So now I'm taking part of history. The first bite. WOW. Another bite. Wow again. $7 well spent indeed. The food was made to order, and you can see the cooks making it right behind the counter. I liked this, as well as how soft the pita was, and tender the meat. I'm a pretty big guy, and I felt satisfied, but I liked it so much, I was craving another one. Should I do it? Probably not, but my will crumbled in the food's presence, and I ordered the Chicken Shawarma on the Arabic pita. This too was a venture into food ecstasy. :)I'll end this lengthy exchange with a little of what this experience taught me. You never know what you are going to find when you hit one of your local restaurants. Sure, it may be cheaper to go to another place, a more spot like Chipotle, or just a habit to go to where you are used to, but when you break those habits, you are often rewarded in a really nice way. I feel lucky to have this spot in my neighborhood and hopefully I've taken some of the mystery and hesitancy out of potentially trying it. For those of you who haven't out there, proceed with confidence. :)
2	I support small businesses and would like to start this review off with the positives.  The service was friendly enough and the food was prepared with speed.  However, the food left so much to desire for, it wasn't fulfilling at all. I was still hungry even when leaving. The flavor was mediocre at best. Am I willing to give this place another chance? Possibly, if portions get bigger and more flavorful.  Again, thank you for the customer service.
3	Everything was mediocre. I am a hummus snob and have been on the hunt for a good place (like a mamouns and ibbys in Jersey & NYC). The veggie combo came wit hummus, baba ghanoush, and falafel - all mediocre. The tabouli salad, grape leaves. and Tzatziki sauce was better but still just okay.
5	This place has the BEST gyros in town. They give a ton of meat and all ingredients are fresh. I love them with the garlic sauce instead of the Tazeki sauce. Both are good but I love the extra flavor from the garlic. I also love their Greek side salad, it is so large and the dressing is bomb! The only thing that sucks is their hours. I feel like they are always closed when we want to go.
