4	The only location west of Dallas for this New York City staple of a shop  (LAziens and SFers take note).  Their strong suit is that they carry a well-edited selection of casual goodies from many designers...they also often have unique designs from familiar labels and designers  (Fred Perry, James Perse, Puma, Varvatos, etc.).The big downside is that they know they're the poo and price accordingly.  It's going to be tough to find hidden bargains here...yes that J Crew for Scoop button-down really is $150.  But don't let that deter you too much, you can still find interesting and tasty bits all over the place.   Definitely on the level with Barneys Co-Op, Saks Men's casual, and Bloomie's designer casual sections...
4	Great selection of men's and women's designers.I didn't find any $60 T-shirts I could live without...But my wife found a S**TLOAD of great deals...However, she's the consummate bargain shopper.I'm perfectly content paying sticker price.
5	I think I've spent a maximum of 3 minutes in every Scoop I've visited.  This time was different.  It was quite possibly the BEST sale I've experienced in the last several years.  Back in September, I was very close to buying a Diane V.F. wool wrap dress at Nordstrom for $425 (waaaay over my "budget").  Good thing I didn't b/c it was 70% off at Scoop!  I was hitting deals left and right.  And, the sales associate (Sara) was helpful but not annoying. Huge plus in my book. Couldn't win crap at the casinos, but I raked it it in at Scoop!
5	this is what i call shopping nirvana.  when i can find 10 things to take to the dressing room, hope each one fits and promise myself to forget my budget if they all fit it's time to take notice.  whoever is doing the buying for this particular scoop is a genius.  oh and the sale section; INCREDIBLE!  Example: cashmere Missoni originally $250 marked down to $70.  i know, it's too good.  super nice staff too.
3	I only found 2 things i liked in this  store, a really cute clutch bag a some perfume they only had the sample off. I wasn't happy.But the staff was nice and friendly, i would shop again, but i wouldn't get hopes up.
3	Just fair but great flavors!! I love that they carry all kinds. They have all different brands and all different kinds of clothing for all different looks and styles. Prices here aren't your best friend in major dept stores or the full retail spots... and it is hard to find a real good bargain, but not here . They have some decent items for dudes, but that's not something that you will come across too often. Sales people are often hard to find. I have found tons of steals here for women. This is a place to definitely check out. The workers are all friendly and once you do find someone to help you, they are just amazing. I wish more stores had folks like this!
5	Okay, okay. This is on my top 3 stores for the LV: 1) Barney's at the Palazzo, 2) Intermix, & 3) Scoop!! They carry brands from Chloe to Herve to Elizabeth & James. Their jean selection is bomb, too. A lot of dressy-casual items as well as a lot of big ticket items as well. I've gotten an Herve dress here more than once at such great prices! Definitely a place to stop if your time in Vegas is limited. No need for the tacky LV or GG... they have those EVERYWHERE, even the airport. Go some place they might only have in LV; if you want true individuality you can stop by the M&M store (lol) or some of the other touristy things along the way. But this store is not for the faint of heart. Prepare to have your Black... okay, at least your Titanium Amex ready. Once you shop, the fun don't stop! Or so I quote. Love this store!
