4	This is a partial review of their breakfast. I visited relatives who were staying there. They felt it was adequate. Now.. on to the food or lack there of. Apparently I'm not the only one who visits guests? It seems I missed the trough by two seconds extremely early in the morning. Huh? I sipped my coffee at 8am and smelled the left over aroma of what might have been bacon. Boo. Oh well. I couldn't even get close to the trough for the amount of people eating off the last shred of food that remained. I have stayed at Holiday Inn in Texas numerous times. I'm sure the food is all the same provided by the same vendor. Good luck on your stay. I'll fight you for that last piece of bacon.
4	Everything was great except that the water in the shower WOULD NOT heat up, ever, rendering it unusable. I ended up taking a sponge bath with the aid of the sink. To be fair we didn't tell the staff because it was late at night and weren't too keen on switching rooms or having some maintenance guy come up.
2	"Not quite what I expected... not quite WHERE I expected either..."Reviewed July 24, 20114 people found this review helpfulI have to agree with another reviewer in that I am not sure how this hotel qualifies as an airport hotel.I booked this hotel stay for a business (military) event. We had scheduled a team-building group event at the US National White Water Center and so I searched for hotels around that area. When I saw this hotel featured as an airport hotel I figured it would be in a safe enough location with some close-by eateries and quick highway access, etc...We booked a total of 13 rooms with them and checked in individually. I had been in contact with one of their hotel managers. I was a little dissatisfied in how poorly I welcomed to the hotel. The front desk clerk seemed "oh-so enthused" to be working that night, and when I let her know that I had been in contact with the manager and just wanted to make sure everything was in good standing, she went in the back, he was there, and never even came out to greet me.Now I didn't expect any VIP treatment. But usually when you organize a group event at a hotel you are give a very warm welcome. I know this because this wasn't a first for me.I had requested a room with a crib (only two months in advance, with a reminder the day prior), and when I requested one that night, yes the same clerk, took over an hour to get it. At first I wasn't even sure if she was going to because she never did give any indication she was paying attention to me at all.The cable and internet did not work our first night there. No apologies were issued.The room had a musty smell to it. I have a family of five (2 adults, 2 kids, and one baby) but they only had 3 towel sets in the room...even the next day after housekeeping came.The hotel was not in the best of locations, it was secluded and not close to anything, and price-wise you could find better closer to downtown. I am not from Charlotte, NC and had only been there once...and again I figured "airport".The hotel interior was nice and they did have a complimentary hot breakfast from served until 0930 am (another fact of information I had to PRY out of the front desk clerk). The staff working the morning shift were much more pleasant and inviting. The hotel was very quiet at night which we appreciated. The doors did not slam, thank God, as our baby girl is a very light sleeper. The hotel itself is clean and kept nice. It was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express.I rated poor because of the customer service but overall I would give it a three (average). However, I would not book here again not mainly due to my experience but due to the location. There are better hotels averaging the same distance from the USNWC but in better areas.If anyone from management every reads this, please take a look into "Deborah" the front desk jerk...I mean clerk.Stayed July 2011, traveled on business
3	I didn't wake up as a doctor.
2	We traveled to Mt. Holly to attend a death in the family. Luckily I knew where the hotel was located or I would have driven right past the entrance. The parking situation is horrible. The parking layout is poorly designed and I spent far too much time waiting on other guests to park or drive past. The lady at reception did not greet us when we walked up to the front desk. I am an IHC Gold Elite member. The usual offer of bottled water was an after thought and she only offered a single bottle for two guests. There was no hair dryer in the room and when I called the front desk the lady responded as though I was lying. After a few minutes later a member of the housekeeping staff came to my room. She did not greet me as i opened the door. She came in and looked around the room as though I didn't think to look around for the hair dryer before calling the front desk. She did, however, return quickly with a hair dryer. Most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude. The breakfast area was incredibly crowded. The morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door. I opened the door and it was lying in the hallway with my personal information there for anyone interested in reading my bill.
5	5 Stars all the way. Front desk attendant "Christian" went above and beyond the call of duty. He has a great attitude and is very personable. He is an asset the the Holiday Inn brand. We were grieving the loss of loved one and he was completely compassionate. We can tell he loves his job ! I will always stay at Holiday Inns for now on.
