4	I have to thank @MARIANNE Y. for pointing me in the right direction and referring this place to me.  Now this is going to sound a little strange but I didn't come to a Hardware Store to purchase home improvement items.  I came here to purchase Hawaiian food items.....yes, you read correctly.....they sell Hawaiian snacks and other products here!I was on a mission to buy two things.....Li Hing Mui (which is a sweet/salty dried Plum snack) & Dark Chocolate Dipped Hawaiian Shortbread Cookies.  I found both here!You can imagine my surprise when I found it.....I was a bit skeptical....Hawaiian Food in a Hardware Store?  But it was true!  The Better Half looooves those Hawaiian Dark Chocolate Shortbread Cookies....and we typically only get them when we go to Hawaii or when the family from the Islands visits.  Since it was her Birthday today, I decided to surprise her when she got home from work and bought a couple of boxes of these bad boys.There is a bunch of other Hawaiian things here too......fresh made Leis for graduation.....Lei making accessories, snacks, t-shirts, you name it.Will I return?  You bet!
4	I cam more for ideas than anything. Glad to know one is near the house. Random that they have Hawaiian treats, but if you're in the area then head here...beats heading to downtown Hawaiian shops. Short and simple. Oh, and make sure to come hungry for Baladie Cafe next door as well!
2	Remember that commercial "ACE is the place with the helpful hardware man"? Well, he doesn't work here.  Just got back from making a special trip to get some guidance on how to clean and protect an iron bistro set my sister gave me.  There were MAYBE 6 customers in the whole store (my man and I being 2 of them)....but we had to walk up and down aisles to look for someone to help.  The young man we saw first, stared into the distance when I asked his opinion to clean & protect the iron.  Then he made a couple of suggestions as if he was guessing at the answers on his high school history exam.  We picked out a couple of things ourselves and then I wanted to get a small plastic runner and we looked for help again to cut it.  I ended up standing in line to check out to ask for help.  The other young man that was asked to do it, didn't have a smile or friendly look either.  I will stick closer to home next time....and so should you.
4	Ace Hardware usually provides much better advice and actual hardware than those giant competitors.  And in those areas this one does not let down.  I went there looking for very specific bolts for a crib and a older gentlemen was quick to offer his help and found exactly what I wanted with out any trouble.  I was in and out in 15 minutes max.This store seems to be very slow and I am afraid it may be near its end with Home Depot and Lowe's and even Wal Mart stealing customers.  It doesn't help that the grocery store next door is gone.  The store also has a older feel to it as well and could use some modernizations.
5	I needed a special small hardware piece that I could not find anywhere online or at any other store. My last resort was to go to Ace; it should have been my first stop. Not only did they have exactly what I needed, the staff was available and very helpful. I spent some time checking out the entire store, and found they carry many items that I frequently need and have had difficulty finding. From now on, Ace on Lone Mountain will be my FIRST stop for any hardware needs.
3	Stopped in to grab something and go. I think the customers were outnumbered by the employees. This place offers a wide variety of merchandise and doesn't really specialize in anything. I would liken it to the hardware section at WalMart with a little more variety. The staff was friendly enough, but I was disappointed that the store does not take debit cards, only credit which means no cash back.
