5	I only tried one of the beers, their porter. It was decent, but it did not really stand out. The salad I ordered on the other hand was very good. It had candied pecans and a variety of greens. The wait staff was also excellent. Attentive, but you hardly noticed they were there.
4	Move over Pizza Hut! BJ's has you pinned for their pan pizza! If you like Pizza Hut and like their Pan Pizzas then you'll definitely love BJ's Favorite Pizza! Their pizza in my opinion tastes better! mmmmmm! It's a pan pizza with all the fixin's Oven-baked meatballs, pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, black olives, white onions and fresh Roma tomatoes. This pizza is so yummy!  It's nice they have different sizes you can order...mini size, small, medium & large of coarse. This way it suites your hunger and how many will be eating it!  I like it cuz sometimes I just want a taste and I can order the mini! ... I also like their chicken wings too! Luv it! gotta try it!
4	Great atmosphere, great service. There are many menu items to choose from. Plus Pizookies are awesome! You get a free one for your birthday ;)
4	I come to this place every time I visit Vegas.  The beers are good. The food is great and reasonably priced  My personal favorite is the pesto cilantro pizza, but I have really liked everything I've had there.It is a really fun place to hang out at the bar.  My favorite bartender there, Mike, is quite the  charmer.  It's always nice to be flirted with, even if you are old enough to be his..uh.. slightly older sister.I had to take away one star because the kitchen and bar close way too early.
3	Not much to say. Very typical type of spot. Nice look and feel. Decent food. Didnt blow me away, but maybe that is because I didnt try their famous pizza. I'll update the next time I am out there, but that is only if I actually feel like going back. I recommend it more as a spot to fit a bunch of friends who want to grab some cold ones and some grub while watching the games.
3	Good chain. Pretty fast. The deep dish pizzas aren't really deep dish like Chicago (saucy and soupy) more like a pan crust pizza from pizza hut but still pretty good to eat and definitely better than the average Chicago want to be. Haven't had the beer here but they have a great happy hour around 5. Biggest recommendation would be to order the world famous pizzuki, a giant cookie in a skillet covered in ice cream. Wow.
5	daryl was the best server i have ever had! he deserves a nice tip every visit
5	Where do I begin.....I've been to BJ's many times in Northern California and it's a pretty good restaurant. Anyhow my sis and I were staying at Red Rock and wanted something other than a buffet/fastfood/$$$restaurant so we decided to come here. The food is pretty much the same across the board which is great because I hate inconsistency when it comes to chain restaurants. This restaurant has PHENOMENAL service. The hostess that sat us was very sweet and our server [whose name I'm unsure of] was AMAZING. She was attentive, sweet, and just a great server. We ended up getting a pitcher of beer, artichoke dip/bruschetta, nachos, and a parmesan crusted chicken entree all for under $60! Note: On the check it said our server was Cinnamon. Not sure if that's a birth-given name or a nickname... Cinnamon was the shit!
5	Every single time I go here everyone from the host to the servers remember my name and my drink, and I only go there 2-3 times a month. I usually go during happy hour for their half off mini pizzas which are to die for!! The BBQ chicken cannot be beat, I have 99% of the time. Plus, their pizookie is AMAZING!! I will miss this joint when I move back to Green Valley but they just opened a new in Henderson. GO to this place if you want happy servers/bartenders, awesome music that isn't too loud for conversation, and a huge food selection.Like most places, it's a madhouse after 6!
4	This southern California transplant is a good, fun restaurant. Located across the street from the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin it is nice and new and in a nice part of town. They have a huge selection of beers to choose from. The menu has just about something for everyone. They have lots of deep dish pizzas to choose from as well. The pizza is what they are known for. The service was friendly and fast.BJ's has a desert called a Pizookie, which is a baked cookie topped with two scoops of ice cream and served in a dish.You can choose from chocolate chunk, white chocolate macadamia nut, peanut butter or oatmeal raisin walnut ice cream. Totally not healthy and totally yummy.
4	I have eaten here several times.  Have enjoyed the white pizza.  I usually order it with extra garlic.  The pizza dough is fantastic.  I have tried the mozzeralla sticks and the avacado egg rolls.  Both were not that great.  And I agree with the other posters that the Pizookie should not be missed.My only quibbles are that the prices are a little high and it is way too crowded and noisy.
5	My husband and I come here probably once a week.  Where do I begin?!Below is what we LOVE:1. Apps:-Potato Skins-Chicken Pot Stickers-Avocado Egg Rolls-Chicken Wings-Chips & Salsa (yes, their salsa is good!)2. Salads:-Caesar Salad (with chicken)-Honey-Crisp Chicken Salad-Santa Fe Salad3. Pasta:-Angel Hair Toscana-Grilled Chicken Pasta4. Entrees:-Parmesan Crusted Chicken Breast (SO GOOD!  My husband get's this almost everytime!)5. Sandwiches:-Angus Roast Beef Dip-Crispy ChickenWe actually haven't had their pizza, but all our friends say they are delicious!  We always love what we get, so its hard to try new things.If you have room for desert (servings are VERY generous) then you gotta try the Pizookie.  Huge cookie with ice cream.Great Beer & Drink Menu.  Casual, so you can come in your jeans.They have something for everyone... I'm sure we will be there again this week!
3	Our trip to Vegas ended with neither a bang nor a whimper and that was fine by me. After spending time at Red Rocks Canyon, we wanted a simple dinner before heading to the airport to catch our flight. We initially went to The Vintner Grill, but that was way too upscale for what we had in mind. We'd been hiking all day and I wasn't feeling (or looking) swanky. While I prefer non-chain options, this brewpub clearly has their act together.BJ's has a sports bar feel and an enormous projection TV above the bar as well as multiple flat screens throughout the large restaurant. Sunday night brought out people in droves, and I can understand why, since this place seems equally enjoyable for families, singles and groups. It was a great place to watch some football and the restaurant just hums with activity.The service was incredibly efficient and we saw the entire staff hustling. What is unfortunate is that the food isn't nearly as special as the atmosphere and service. Mr. K ordered a beer and I had to be different and chose hard cider, but neither was great. One of their specialties is deep dish pizza and again it was only OK. For the standard entrees, portion sizes are enormous and I was happy we shared dessert since the BJ's Brownie is served piled high with whipped cream.For the food alone, this is a three-star joint, but it really doesn't give this place enough credit. It would be a semi-regular hangout if they were located in my home town. Funnily enough, my local sports bar has a very similar name.
4	We were pretty pleased with the food, drinks & service at BJ's. Typically when me & the hubster are in Vegas we're visiting family so we tend to stay away from the Strip and just relax... which is sometime hard in Vegas. BJ's is so chill it's easy to feel comfortable. Though its a chain restaurant, they've hit the nail on the head with stellar service and strong drinks.  Lots of beer choices and like Ken. M said, they're one seasonal beer on tap is a killer hit (at least with my hubby!) I had one of the strongest cosmos Id gotten in a long time and that was perfectly fine with me considering we were there with the in-laws ;)Nonetheless, when you're in Vegas and either want a break from the Strip or just someplace to feel comfortable, watch the game and put a few back, BJ's should be just perfect!
4	BJ's is a great place. Great food, great beer, great hand crafted root beer (according to my son,) and great service.BJ's offers healthy size portions (often enough to keep me in left overs for a day or two at our family condo.) I highly recommend any of the specialty salads or the stuffed baked potatoes, which are a meal in themselves.If you are up for some beer - the 7 beer sampler fits the bill to start. I would recommend the Tatonka Stout if you like dark beer. BJ's also offers some hard ciders and regular mixed drinks.Watch for BJ's happy hour - most mini pizzas and appetizers are 1/2 price later in the evening in the bar. BJ's is great for kids and offers several kid's selections (that are adult size meals.) Most come with an included drink - my son always gets the handcrafted root beer, which is a lot better than the other soft drinks.Grab a bit at BJ's - you won't be disappointed. They have a great take out too if you want to avoid the line.
3	Every time I have come here I always get the avocado appetizer and it fills me up so I have yet to try anything else. My wife usually orders a salad, but the beer is what we go here for. While we're not always in the mood for beer, there are only two places in all of Vegas I'd recommend, the first is Chicago's, but this is a close second. Ok, I guess a third would be Gordon Biersch, but whatever.
4	The highlight: Wine half off  on Tuesdays.  That's a deal. It goes for both bottles and by the glass.  I believe the special applies all day long and not only during happy hour (3-7pm).  They have the basics:  their "house wine" is barefoot (listed at $19/bottle) but with the special it comes out to be very similar to what you can get it for at Trader Joe's.   I shared the homemade Kettle Style Potato chips ($3): good choice.I also shared the flatbread Margherita Fresca pizza which I don't strongly recommend;  It was $9 and barely any tomatoes.  Mainly just cheese with specs of tomatoes. I just ate here earlier today and had a great time.  There's a good overall ambiance with the music, the service, and the continuous crowd coming in and out (It's a tuesday evening and it was still crowded by 10PM). I probably would come back because of it's convenient location, minimal wait and decent prices.
5	My girlfriend and I went here just last night, and it was amazing like always.  Their pizza is one of the best I have ever had.  They have all of the traditional toppings, but their specialty pizzas are to die for.  I had a buffalo chicken pizza that was spot on and amazing.  Their always seems to be a long wait (and for good reason), so make sure to call ahead.  Also, their desert 'Pizookie', which is a cookie topped with ice cream cooked in a small pizza pan, is a perfect end to a meal.
3	The environment can be chill or loud, depending on when you go. They have TVs everywhere, which are great for watching football on Sundays. They do take big groups, but told us they could only separate the checks 4 ways max. Also, parking is a pain during busy evenings/weekends, especially since it is right next to Olive Garden.I do not like their pastas. The pizza is delicious. The strawberry lemonade is fantastic, but they can never seem to make a good batch consistently. The pizookie (white chocolate & macadamia is my fave) is unforgettable.I go here often, usually with friends, but it is far from my favorite. Their food is good, but none that I would ever be yearning for.After you get all the blowjob jokes out of the way, don't forget to order a pizookie. It's the one "for sure" dish they have.
4	Happy hour at BJ's Restaurant Brewhouse is worth a look!Offered on Mondays through Fridays from 3 pm to 7 pm, and reverse happy hour on Sundays through Thursdays from 10 pm to closing.$1 off all Draft Beer and CocktailsHalf off all Mini Pizzas$2 off all appetizers (BJ's Snacks & Small Bites not included)You can only take advantage of their happy hour in the bar area - so cozy up to the booth or the high tables!For our party of three, we shared three flatbreads and we enjoyed them all!* Fresh Basil with Italian Sausage "Mozzarella, Fontina and Parmesan cheeses, fresh basil with a hint of oregano, sliced Roma tomatoes and a touch of Italian sausage." ($8.95)* California Club "Grilled chicken, crisp Applewood smoked bacon, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese.  Drizzled with roasted garlic aioli and topped with fresh diced avocado." ($8.95)* Grilled Chicken Pesto "Basil pesto sauce drizzled over mozzarella and fresh Parmesan cheeses then topped with grilled chicken, red onions and sun-dried tomatoes." ($8.95)I can't remember which one was my favorite, but I know we were impressed by all of them and happily finished them.I also enjoyed their Double Berry (10 oz) "Berry Burst Cider & Lindeman's Framboise" ($5.95), which is part of the HH. It definitely gets packed though during these hours, so get in there early.  We barely got up from our booth when another party was happy to take it over. It's a busy restaurant with means the noise level is high and parking can be challenging.
4	This is one of my sister & mine favorite places to munch... We went tonight & only had beers... while we normally we eat & indulge in the wicked selection of draft brews... from their house brews to the wide selection of more comerial beers... I don't think I drink the same beer twice in a visit...as always the service was awesome... never had an empty glass... the check was under 20 bucks for 6 beers.... not bad... now I've never sat any where but the bar so all I can vouche for are the bartenders... but they're good... so
5	BJs Pizza....In the words of Bret Hart, the best there is, the best there was, the best there ever will be.  There may be a bit of hyperbole there, but damn, I'd be hard-pressed to say that ive ever tried a better pizza and thats saying something since this is a chain.I've been frequenting both the San Jose, Roseville and Las Vegas locations (yeah, i get around) for almost four years and finally have the sense of mind to review it.  Whats nice about this place is that no matter which location you go to, you can always expect consistency.  Great ambiance, great food and great fun are to be had at each location and you can really tell the company strives for it.Where to start, oh yeah, PIZZA!  The pizza is amazing.  It is the deep dish style not to be confused with the stuffed type youd get at Zacharys in the yay area or Giordano's in the Chi.The pizza is baked to perfection, has the right bit of crunch to it and is just generally good all over.  The sandwiches, beer and desserts are nothing to scoff at either.  Please try a Pizookie if you ever get the opportunity.  I'd rank it right up there with the White Molten Chocolate Cake (believe it or not) at Chili's or the Brownie Sundae at MRKT inside the Aliante Casino in North Las Vegas.Do yourself a favor, eat at BJ's.
4	Bj's is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour 3pm-7pm (I think). Their Garlic Kettle Parmesan chips on the small bites menu is one of the regular items I like to order. It's a good size portion that can easily feed three people. It comes with caramelized onion dip and a buffalo sour cream. I prefer the caramelized onion dip because it doesn't take away from  the flavor of the chips. Their mini deep dish pizzas are delicious and cheap during happy hour. Their appetizer portions are enough to make you so full that sometimes you don't have room for their Pizookie! I also found out that they can make the Pizookie into a half ..half order. It's helpful when you share this with someone who is the complete opposite of you because they can customize it to your liking. I find eating here during happy hour is sometimes cheaper than eating fast food and it's more filling.
3	I should finally finish this review I started a while ago. In short, BJ's is a good chain restaurant with good brews. If you like IPAs, I recommend their Tempest IPA, which isn't on the menu. Secret IPA for the win!The last time I was there, it was for the World Cup 2010 Final. We chose this venue because our buddy had $70 in gift cards. It's really not the best spot to watch sports, but it served its purpose.On this visit, I ordered their Jambalaya. I wasn't completely sold on it. I don't mind spicy, but this one was to the point of barely tasting the dish. In the past, I've had their deep dish pizza. I remember it being pretty good.
5	Mmmmmm. Can you say Pizookie?! Giant Stuffed Potato?! Seriously some really good food. Great prices. Currently they have a 2 for 19.99 special: 2 soups or salad, a medium specialty pizza, and a pizookie! I was stuffed, and when I left, my wallet still was. I go here at least a few times a month, and never have been disappointed! Better than Chili's, and come in at a tie with Cheesecake Factory for best cheap, date night eats :)
4	Love the food and the beer what more is there to say. Oh yea, the pizza is real good but kinda pricey if you get a lot of toppings.
5	Haven't been to BJ's in a while and we went last night for the Pary for Two special they have for Sept.  My first time for pizza, the BJ Combo was excellent, couldnt finish it.  I usually have Jeremiah Red but decided to try the Oktoberfest last night, Loved It!  And after the Pizookie, yummy i wanted to sleep.   I love the food, service and atmosphere at BJ's especially the BEER.
4	Came here for lunch with my Mom.  It has been a while since we've eaten here.  Since it was Sunday and the NFL games were on, we sat in the bar area.  I'm glad we did because they have Happy Hour all day during the games.We ordered Chips & Salsa to munch on while we waited for our entrees.....it's not complimentary.  I ordered a Bacon Cheeseburger Deep Dish Mini-Pizza, which was 1/2 Off during HH.  Mom ordered the BBQ Bacon Chicken Sliders & Fries, which were $2 Off during HH.  To wash it down, I ordered their Oktoberfest Beer special on tap.The Chips & Salsa were pretty good.....it's not authentic, but we didn't come here for authentic Mexican Food.  The Chips were warm and fresh and the Salsa had a nice kick to it....I'd rate it Medium.Our food was ready after a short wait.  My Deep Dish Mini-Pizza was just the right size.....the Crust was moist and buttery and it really tasted like a Bacon Cheeseburger!  Mom was surprised because her plate looked like a mountain of BBQ Bacon Chicken Sliders! (see pics)  There were 4 Sliders on her plate and a mound of Fries.....she told me I would have to help her finish it.....thank God I only ordered a Mini-Pizza!I tried the Sliders, which were excellent.  I'm surprised more restaurants don't offer something like this.  The Hickory Smoked Bacon and BBQ Chicken flavors accented one another and the BBQ Sauce had a good tangy flavor to it.....not overly sweet, which I don't enjoy.  The Shoestring Fries were pretty good too....but I didn't have enough room to eat very many of them.The Oktoberfest Beer hit the spot too....I was hoping for a little more hoppy flavor, but it was fine.Overall, it was a great lunch experience.Will I return?  You bet!
3	I've only been to a BJ's once - in San Diego - but had never tried the one in Las Vegas until last night.  It was Thursday night, and this place was jammed - pretty good, considering the economy, so I figured I was in for some super food.  I wasn't blown away by the meal, and the service was sub-par.I had a turkey burger.  I didn't want fries, so I was able to substitute steamed broccoli.  The burger was okay - not bad, but as bland as could be.  It came with Swiss and slices of avocado, lettuce and tomato.   Nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about, either.  The broccoli, though, was inedible.  It was partially cooked, but not that crisp, delicious stuff that Chinese restaurants do so well.  This was RUBBER.  I had the waitress bring me mashed potatoes instead.  They were good, but too salty (What else is new?).  My friend had the turkey burger, too, and felt the same way about hers - Average.Our husbands both had Parmesan-crusted chicken, and they were satisfied.  Again, nothing to rave about.I just don't get it.  There are so many places in town that have above-average food.  They offer hefty discounts.  And they're empty.  In my humble opinion, BJs, which rarely has coupons, has a menu that's not much different from any other similar chain restaurant, and has food and service that doesn't distinguish itself in any way, has a steady stream of customers.  And judging by the Thursday night crowd, probably has lines out the door on the weekends.  I think it's kind of sad.
4	This is rapidly becoming one of my favorite places to have lunch on Sundays.  They have Happy Hour all day long during the NFL Football games.This visit we ordered the Pulled Pork Sliders ($5.75 happy hour price) and BJ's Favorite Mini Pizza ($5.00 happy hour price).  To wash it down, I had an IPA.The food came out quickly.  I ordered the Pulled Pork Sliders and dove right into it.  They were awesome!  The combination of Pulled Pork, Onion Ring Strings, and tangy BBQ Sauce went well together.  The Onion Ring strings had a nice sweet taste and the BBQ Sauce was tangy and balanced the palate.....the Pulled Pork was very juicy and full of flavor.  Sooo good.  I ordered Wedge Cut Fries with the Sliders and they were cooked just right....not under/over cooked.My Mom couldn't finish her Pizza, so she gave me the last couple of bites.....it was very good as well.  The thick crust was soft & buttery with the edges slightly crispy....hmmmm!Overall, another awesome experience @ BJ's!Will I return?  Hell ya!
5	I never have a bad experience at Bj's.  I love everything about it from the layout all the way down to the Pizookie!  The microbrews are great.  I really like how they suggest certain foods with the different beers they offer.The pizza's are great.  I have never been to Chicago, but it's nice to be able to get a deep dish only a few miles from where I live.  The pizza's may not look gigantic but don't let that fool you they are feeling.  The staff are awesome the place is always clean and there is always A nice buzz in the place.  There hasn't been a single time that when someone suggests Bj's I say no.  The place is great.
4	I really love my NY style pizza...thin, crispy crust...not too much toppings to weigh it down.  But man, BJ's Chicago style pizza gives it a run for its money!  I enjoy the pizza here and apparently a lot of other folks do too.  This place is always packed for dinner!  Very happening.  Went here with the fam, and we had a blast.  It was great hearing the game on the TV, people congregating and laughing, plates and glasses clinking.  The atmosphere is pretty inviting, lots of dark woods and high ceilings almost reminding you of a gastropub.  BJ's has a very large menu that includes appetizers, salads, sandwiches, Angus burgers, sliders, giant stuffed potatoes, pasta, and even a gluten-free menu (no gluten, in a pizza joint?  Come on!  It's pizza!)...but the Chicago pizza is the star.I pretty much perused the main menu and went straight for the heart, BJ's wonderful deep dish pizzas.  They usually have at least 8-9 different pies on the menu and of course you can make your own with any of their ingredients.  Every pizza comes with their special blend of FIVE cheeses.  Their pizza creations include - BJ's Favorite Pizza (The Works w/ meatballs, pepperoni, Italian sausage, peppers, olives, onions, and tomatoes), Mediterranean (Grilled chicken, basil pesto, roasted garlic, Kalamata olives, sun-dried tomatoes, and feta), Sweet Pig (Pineapple, tomatoes, and roasted ham), BBQ Chicken (BBQ chicken, red onions, tomatoes, hickory BBQ sauce, and cilantro), and the Southwestern (Blackened chicken, green chiles, chipotle sauce, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, and cilantro) just to name a few.  They even have calzones, and yes...a gluten-free thin crust pizza!  I feel so sorry for you people that can't handle gluten.  No deep dish for you!We ended up with a large BJ's Favorite pizza for all of us to share.  Just to let you know they aren't cheap, probably around $10-24 each depending on the size and type of pie you get (Mini, Small, Medium, or Large).  Mind you, these pizzas don't look large when they get to the table but they are DEEP.  It's like a good almost two inches thick!  I thought our family of four could finish the entire pie in one sitting but I was wrong!  Our pie had six large slices and we could only eat a slice each!  You definitely have to eat this pizza with a knife and fork...no folding slices in half folks!  The crust is buttery, not too heavy, and completely cooked through without being soggy.  The ingredients were fresh, and the veggies still had a light bite to them.  The sauce was tangy and sweet.  Overall a very delicious slice of pie!  Yes, like pie!  Very good pizza.We rounded out our dinner with a few appetizers, the Crispy Calamari ($8.95) with spicy marinara and lemon garlic aioli, and the Garden Medley Salad ($8.95) with romaine lettuce, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, tomatoes, red onion, feta, and balsamic vinaigrette.  Both very tasty.Although we were stuffed (ha ha...like pie?) our server told us we had to try BJ's Famous Pizookie ($5.95).  After rants from the kids on how we never have dessert it ended up being ordered.  Funny how they win and you don't even realize it.  This thing ended up being delicious!  Like sweet crack!  Not that I've tried crack before.  The Pizookie is a hot out of the oven, fresh baked cookie topped with vanilla ice cream and served in it's own mini deep dish tin.  We got a chocolate chunk cookie, but you can also choose, white chocolate macadamia nut, peanut butter, or oatmeal raisin walnut.  So good!  They bake the cookie dough until it's just a smidge underdone so your cookie is still gooey on the inside.  Goes great with the vanilla ice cream on top!  Good way to go to end a calorie busting meal!  I wanted to try one of their hand crafted micro brews but I couldn't fit it in on this trip.  I hear they also have a great happy hour M-F from 3 PM-7 PM and also on Sun-Th from 10 PM-close.  They have $1 their draft beers and cocktails, $2 off most of their appetizers, and 1/2 off all their Mini Pizzas.  I will have to go check this out on maybe a game day!  I definitely want to go back here again soon, good food, good service, good times.  Go here, and enjoy yourself before the crazy holidays!  BJ's has made me a fan of Chicago deep dish pizza.  NY pizza I love you so...Chicago deep dish, you can be my secret mistress!  SHHHHHH!!!
5	I've been to BJ's probably over 10 times, and I've always been consistently impressed by their food. I've had so many pizzas, pastas, tacos, and desserts from their that I've lost count, but I will showcase some of their highlights. I usually don't get appetizers from BJ's because their food is in really large portions, so I'm full by those alone, but I've gotten their chicken tenders before, and they're really good. They're nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside like you'd expect. They also give you this tangy honey mustard dipping sauce with them which is a great complement. They also come with a mountain of french fries. The fries don't taste too good with the honey mustard, so I usually just ask for ranch dressing for them... because I think ranch is the perfect dipping sauce for fries, not gross ketchup.Their pizza is great. If there is a long wait, and you have to sit in the waiting area, the servers will come out with deep dish pizzas put up into individual bite sized pizzas for the crowd to sample while waiting. I think this is epicly nice of them because I would be perfectly willing to wait, but it's always nice to snack on a little slice of pizza too. hehe. I usually just stick with pepperoni pizza. It's a classic and is loaded with lots of meaty pepperoni, stringy cheese, and hearty tomato sauce. Normally, I hate tomato sauce on pizza, seriously, the less sauce the better, but with BJ's pizza, their sauce is so flavorful that the abundance of it is fine with me! Their barbecue chicken pizza is really solid as well. I've had it a couple of times. I like CPK's BBQ chicken pizza better, but this is a nice deep dish take on it. Next time I go, I need to try the buffalo chicken pizza to see how that compares to various ones that I've had. Maybe I can persuade my boyfriend to go there this weekend. hmm...The sandwiches are really yummy. Their pulled pork is really tender and not dry at all. The Cobb sandwich is tasty too with the addition of bacon, cause everything tastes better with a littler... err... a lot of bacon on it. The BJ's burger is great, but you should definitely add bacon to this one for the reason that I mentioned above. Their parmesan crusted chicken is delicious. It's very cheesy, and their mashed potatoes are very creamy. Their fish tacos are great too. They go great with a side of strawberry lemonade to drink.So... as if this review wasn't long enough... DESSERT! First off, get a pizookie. I've seen some of my friends' pictures on facebook where they've gone to BJ's and they've ordered something like the apple crisp for dessert. I've shaken my head at those pictures many times. Seriously, you don't know what you're missing unless you get the pizookie! It's the best part of the meal. I always get Triple Chocolate Pizookie with Ghirardelli chocolate. My boyfriend and I split it, and it's pure decadence even after you claim that you're so full that you can't eat dessert. So yeah... this was a really long review, but I've been here so many times, and I really wanted to share how much I love BJ's. I will definitely be back soon.
4	Much better than expected.  We got the brush-off from the first server, I guess she didn't want to deal with a handicapped, old, quirky family member that was dining with us.Our second server was perky and funny.  They ran out of both the homemade root beer and homemade cream soda and it was a running joke for the rest of the meal.  BTW, the homemade orange cream soda was great.I had a salad that was huge and flavorful, and the other two diners had fish and chips, which again were an enormous portion.  We split a mini deep dish pizza which we said on numerous occasions that it was supposed to be served as an appetizers.  We even ordered it 15 minutes before our entrees.  Low and behold, it came out at the same time as the entrees.As for the drinks, the Frosty Peach was amazing.  I would go again just to get hammered on the drinks.
5	It's odd coming from CA, service at restaurants in Vegas is WAY SUPERIOR.  It's not suzy moron college student serving you, it's people that have spouses and families trying to make a decent living.So yeah excellent service. Layout and seating great at this location. Lettuce wraps were off the hook!  And they now have a child sized pizzooki HELL YEAH!
3	This is a reliable spot near my house, but it certainly isn't anything special. The prices are a great value, but the wait on the weekends is beyond ridiculous and the parking situation is a deterrent. My favorite thing is the Gourmet Mac and Cheese on the small appetizer menu. Food tastes a little processed and unhealthy, but it is basically all bar food.
5	Much better that I expected from a "brewhouse".Although kind of a loud place, the great food at a great price (and of course great beers) while being family-friendly makes it a hit. A great price for Summerlin as well, I expected to pay much more. The casual contemporary decor is also done well, if you like that kind of style.
5	Stopped in before work to grab something and they had a veggie burger... It was so good... If you aren't that big on eating meat or just want a good veggie burger... Go to BJ's... The potatoes are really good too...
3	The pizza is always good, but when you use fresh jalapenos on something use them sparingly!  Went there for lunch yesterday and while they seemed staffed service was slow. At one point it took 10 min to get a refill on water!
4	Never disappoints. Excellent Chicago style pizza. Crispy on the edges...chewy and gummy in the middle. Yum. We also had Italian market salad. It was a little overdressed and a bit salty but hearty and flavorful. I personally love the berry burst cider on draught. Crisp and refreshing. I don't know when this happened  but they now offer a pizookie trio. This was perfect when the three of us couldn't decide on flavor!  We got three individual smaller versions for $9! Yippee! 4 beers, a salad, a pizza and the pizookie trio cost us $78 with tip. Always busy in there so expect a wait. The trick is to seat yourself in the bar.
4	To start out, the only BJ's that I have been to before this is across the street from MGM Grand. So to come to this compared to that, this place is impressive. I came for a baby shower for a friend and we had a section in the back side area, where there were other bigger parties. They had set-up a buffet table so when the food was ready we just went up and grabbed what we liked. I'm usually not a fan of potato skins but it was really good because they were crispy. The other food items, such as wings, pizza, and salad were nothing special. The best part of the restaurant is the service. The servers were so nice and I felt like it was my very own neighborhood restaurant. I would def come back to try their regular menu.
5	Quickly climbing the charts as my favorite place to eat in town is BJ's! Their menu is incredible, their beer and wine list is excellent, and their service is great! Hubby got a huge burger that he quickly devoured. I ordered the Alfredo pizza (made from scratch) and it was the best pizza I've ever had! The kids got the mac and cheese and devoured it of course! To top off the dinner we had the chocolate chip pizzone, which was to die for! Be sure to call ahead and put your name on the list as this place is always packed, and for good reason! Run, don't walk, to this place.
4	We were heading back to Vegas after a day trip to Red Rock Canyon and decided that rather than dealing with the insanity of eating somewhere on the strip, we'd eat somewhere just outside of it.  I pulled up my handy-dandy Yelp app on my phone and found BJ's.  After a few wise cracks about how with a name like BJ's, it has to be good, and then proceeded to navigate our immature selves there.We were seated right away and our waiter was friendly.  We ordered a couple of beers and the potstickers for an app, and decided to keep it simple with a cheese and tomato deep dish pizza.  Both the beer and food we had were quite tasty.  Back home, the only option we have for Chicago deep dish style pizza is Uno's, and this definitely beat that by a landslide.  It made us want to go to Chicago someday so we can try the real deal for a basis of comparison!Overall, it was a nice, inexpensive, quick, and tasty alternative to dining on The Strip!
5	Food here was totally worth the wait. I must admit the line was quite long. They do not take phone reservations. So i suggest you plan for an off night if your doing a bigger party of 5+. The service here once seated is definitely fast and so is the food. The prices were super reasonable for the amount and the quality of food served. Absolutely one of my new fav. places to eat here in Las Vegas. Dress at your own comfort but i suggest casual as it is not someplace you wana come to in your pajamas. Parking is also very abundant. There alcohol selection is definitely great as well especially if you are a beer fan.
4	Great service, great food and great atmosphere!They have a wide variety of stuff on the menu ranging from bar fare to tapas style smaller plates to specialty drinks and some great desserts.We started with the fried artichokes - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. The aoili dipping sauce was perfect.I dined on the open faced pot roast sandwich which was super tender. It actually tasted home cooked. It was served over garlic toast and mashed potatoes and covered in a brown jus gravy. Mmmmmm. Seriously yummy.For dessert we had the beignet. Um, yes. YES. It was covered in real strawberries and whipped cream and ice cream and was friggin' delicious.This place was a nice surprise.
4	I try to avoid places like this because they usually serve greasy, crappy, frozen dookie on a plate. I was pleasantly surprised by their menu and beer selections. They have good food at great prices.If you want bar food done right with a good beer, stop here.
4	I actually wish Yelp offered a half-star rating, because this place should really get 3 and a half in my book. I came here last night for dinner and left pretty pleased actually. I had a couple of hefeweizens which were quite good but I really prefer mine with a lemon. I had the grilled turkey cobb which was very good and finished it off with a white chocolate macadamia nut pazookie. The pazookie was good, though not as thick as I anticipated. I really enjoyed the vanilla bean ice cream topper though - very nice touch.Service was good and fast. They also have a take out entrance. I'll eat here again, though it was a little pricey for me. I do think the beer was a little overpriced, but it wasn't happy hour either.
5	Great beer, menu has something for everyone, and prices are reasonable.  What not to like.  Had the grilled pork chops -- but prepared like the new low calorie dish.  These were excellent. Great spicy sauce. Red potatoes were good too.  Abbey Normal season beer was great.
3	Bar food style place ... Good service. Note to self: return for the Avocado Rolls, skip the other 3 items in the 4 item appetizer sampler. Pizza is OK, but Chicago deep dish is not my favorite style. Menu is so extensive, I'll have to go back a few times to figure out what I like.
4	I love to go to BJ's with my friends, great fun!
4	First time to BJ's, glad they are opening a store up north on Centennial!!This place was awosome...Monday nite visit, place was jammed, but only had a 15 min wait. Very nice decor, very expansive therefore very loud. Server was great...beer selection is huge, took sometime to select a few brews. Ordered a two appitizers, potstickers/avacado spring roles both were really good. Ordered a Southwestern pizza, more than enough for two people, actually took 4 pieces home.Finished off w/ a pazookie..1st time it was wonderful. Somehow would like it if the could create a creme brule pazzokie!!...For being a chain  they are years ahead of TGIF,Applebees,etc.......Great for brews and food
4	Love the fried artichokes and Parmesan crusted chicken! It's all I order!
5	I just can't find anything wrong with BJ's. I am a repeat customer of this place and have been coming here for who knows how long. I recently had dinner here with my guy..actually dinners..with an 's' since we came here twice in the same week( ohhhhh yaaaahh..it's that good) Here's the rundown of what we had:Appetizers-seared ahi, spinach stuffed mushroom caps, and the guy got the mini tacos(both beef and chicken)Entree- I got the jambalaya(w/ shrimp, chicken, and andouille sausage) for both nights I came here and the guy got roast beef sandwich and BJ's supreme pizza the following nightDessert- Beignet!!(w/strawberries, topped w/ ice cream and whip cream)Let me tell ya: those appetizers are theee bommbb! Most especially the mushrooms (salivates). I didn't try the tacos but the guy  said "it was daaam goood." Oh and it only cost around 12 bucks for the three! Hell yahh! Moving on to the entree: If you don't like real spicy cajun rice topped with big fat shrimps, chicken, and a butt load of andouille sausage...then you might not want the jambalaya. But if you like it hot, then opt in for this dish. ( fyi i didn't try the chicken and the sausage just the shrimp but the bf says its as good when only eaten w/ shrimp). The roast beef sandwich on the other hand, was "not that great." I'm quoting from the man! He stated that it was a weee bland. But the mini BJ's supreme was "soft and cheesy."  Then came the dessert! Pizookie is out! That beignet is in! It's soft, not too sweet, and so effin yummy! No complaints there! Service is good, nothing to complain about. Everything came out promptly and it cost us close to 70 bucks including tip. Yay!
5	Been here countless times for birthdays and lunch. All their portion sizes are big enough to share since I never ever finish my entree. It's a great place to bring a group if you're treating cuz you'll be saving money. Large entrees that are shareable are probably the deep dish pizzas (yum) and their pastas. I also think their lunch special runs from 11am - 3pm. It is also really nice to just come here and sit at the bar with a beer and watch some games on their tvs. Service: I'm really surprised at all the negative comments about service. I went during lunch this past Friday and my server was more than beyond courteous and very attentive. He came back to check on us 2-3 times and also made sure to let us know that the food was on its way. I guess you just have to get lucky?
2	PROS:+Excellent Service+Pizookie ('nuff said)+Large entreesCONS:-The beer was lack luster and forgettable. If a dessert outshines the beer at a brewery, something is amiss.-This pub is a local favorite so it gets very crowded and noisy around happy hour.BOTTOM LINEGo there for an appetizer and then the Pizookie. If it is your first time, get the mini trio. Do not try to get an entree and then the Pizzokie or you'll be sorry. My wife and I enjoy microbreweries and independents but decided to try this chain (107 restaurants as of June 2011). It was a good dessert experience, but we probably wouldn't go there again.
3	Hmmm the service was really bad the night I came ... We got our appetizers before we even got our waters ..!! The food tho was decent ... If you come sit at the bar ... Otherwise you'll be totally ignored by your server!
4	I'm going to give them a four star rating because of their pazookie dessert.  If you haven't tried or heard about a pazookie you must check it out.  It's one of the most delicious desserts in town.  It's a homemade cookie I. A deep dish pizza pan cooked 3/4 of the way through top end with a n amazing vanilla ice-cream.  The bar is hopping with dozens of beer options on tap and in bottles.  Menu is huge and all over the place, I'm not a big fan of the entrees.  Apps are good and dessert is fantastic!
4	they make their own cream soda. now how can you not like a place that makes their own soda. every time i go here its a blast. the only food i have had is the pizzas and so far there is not one i dislike. i really like hanging out relaxing and watching the sports on the tvs with good friends here.
4	The BF and I shared:Butterfly Shrimp basket. Came with about 12 big shrimp, coleslaw and fries. These were good, panko breaded and not greasy. Small great white deep dish- More doughy almost like having pillowy bread with toppings than how Chicago style is. Good though. Pizookie Trio- we got red velvet, chocolate macadamia, peanut butter. One plus is they don't skimp on the vanilla ice cream. I've never had these before as I don't really ever have space for dessert. The service was great. Our server seemed to know how to pace themselves well in checking up on people and walking by to see if you need more drinks. The BF didn't know they make homemade sodas, but it was no issue for the server to switch to homemade rootbeer from ice tea. They brought us the check after putting our dessert order in so by the time we got dessert, we were all checked out. More servers need to do this! It's awesome not needing to wait for the check.  It's a decent chain specially if you like beers and homemade sodas.
5	Yes, it's a chain-but it's a great chain!  The food never fails to disappoint, and there's something for everyone on the menu.  It's a very family friendly atmosphere, yet you wouldn't hesitate to take a date here.  It's always busy, but service is on point :)  The avocado eggrolls and pizookies are a must-do.  One tip-do check your take-out before you go home.  Once, they left out the very important sauce for the avocado eggrolls.  Ugh! Try the red velvet Pizookie!
5	I just love this local brewery tucked away in one of my favorite areas of Summerlin. The food is always consistent and yummy, the service is impeccable(you are truly treated like a guest) and we never leave disappointed.  Amazing Bonuses:Their deep dish buffalo chicken pizzaSmall Bite Menu (affordable and perfect portions-our favorite is the artichokes)The salads (I love the Cesar and market)Lunch SpecialsHalf off wine night on Tuesdays!I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants delicious food in a relaxed environment.  Keep up the consistency, BJ's!
3	A better Chili's. This is the type of restaurant that keeps people from fitting into their clothes. I generally don't go to places like BJ's because everything is so full of fat, lard, fried you-name-it and portions are always large. I realize I am not their target demo here, but still was happy to come here for lunch to splurge a bit.The server gets a Star for the various things I threw at him: Changing which Fries I wanted after already placing the order; Side of jalapenos; and the biggie---- having my California Burger delivered deconstructed so that I could pick and choose what I wanted.  He went one step further and put the cheese on the bread, and had the bread completely separate from my burger. This was a great way to enjoy the burger. The burger itself seemed a smallish 1/2 LB and very thin. Consequently, not terribly juicy --- but not bad.The in-house Root Beer was good and refills came without request.The desserts looked good and others seemed to like them. I did taste the Grilled Salmon which seemed pretty healthy and tasted fine but nothing too exciting. Steak Fries are well-seasoned and a nice change of pace. I glanced at their 'Chicago-style Deep Dish Pizza'. Optimistic thinking, I'd say. Very friendly staff.
4	Since joining Lifetime Athletics, my cravings for carbs have intensified immensely. Growing up in a Vietnamese house hold, you'd think the first thing I go for is white rice or noodles. But you're wrong! My craving is for the Chicken Parm with Spicy Marinara served with garlic toast. It's really the spicy punch of of the sauce and the crispy flattened chicken that scratches my itchin'.  If you can make it out of the restaurant without ordering the Pizookie, you can call it a healthy success with dining out.
4	after hearing alot about this place & reading tons of reviews. we finally checked this place out. me, my hubby & our 3 month old went here for my birthday. they are kid/baby friendly(one of my worries because i thought since it had a bar that it wouldnt be smoke-free but it was) they provided a sling for our son's carseat which was very convinient not having to bring the stroller inside. i love the ambiance and feel of the place. we were given a table as soon as we got there. our server was soo awesome he was very warm and he really knows what he is talkin about especially when about the menu.(so we gave him a fat tip) they have a wide variety of food on the menu. so we got chips and salsa 5.95 more than enough. i also got the SEARED AHI very small portion 3.95. my hubby got the grilled  PORKCHOPS which was really good 14.95 and i got the JAMBALAYA! omg to die for!! for 15.95 worth it. soooo addicting! good sized portions which gave us leftovers. aaand since it was my birthday a complimentary PIZOOKIE :] soo bomb! they also have a wide variety of beer.. if you guys love beer. we do lol so overall yes we would def keep comin back here.. all i can think about is the jambalaya as im writing this lol
3	Service is good, beers are good but $5 for a small draft beer is a total rip off!  The thin crust pizzas are very good, ribs were just OK, Dave's BBQ ribs are far better.  Good 80s music selection.  Very cool and hip atmosphere.Wayne Gorsek
5	Best Brewery in Town.  Great Beer, Great Food, Great Service!  We had the Pizza Deal thay have and The Portabello Mushroom Pizza was to die for.......so juicy and yummy!   My boyfriend had the Cheeseburger Pizza, which he loved - I'm not a huge fan,  I pefer a cheeseburger if I'm in thw mood.  However, there is something for everybody there, and a wide variety of beers!  Thank you BJ's for a special night out with my man
4	We eat here so often, it's only fair that I write a review.  When we can't decide where to have dinner, we go to BJ's.  They seem to have something to please almost everyone.  I usually get the Broccoli Alfredo potato with extra sauce... yum!   Good service, good value.  Great place to bump into your Summerlin neighbors. I appreciate that you can call ahead & be placed on the seating list - sometimes the wait can be upwards of 45 minutes, so calling ahead really saves time, especially when I'm with the 10-year old (or if my guy is hungry... and cranky!)
3	Yum! The food is great especially the avocado egg rolls!!!Of course the pizookies are awesome. Dont count on great customer service. The hostess are almost never nice but I guess it's so busy that they just don't care. Asked about there happy hour and the sever told me that she didn't know. She didnt even try to find out... Awesome.... They have two different type of fries and they almost always bring my bf the wrong one and he usually doesn't say anything but the last time it happened I politely said they were the wrong ones and the food runner jut picked up the plate without saying anything and walked away. Very awkward. So I usually just try to order to go now since it's usually not a pleasant experience. Maybe it's too busy and the staff is just overworked? Not sure and don't really car.
5	Man I forgot how good the pizza was. It was thick crunch yet soft. My wife and I will definitely go back. And the service was good. I think our server was over sat with customers but he did his best to make it pleasant.
4	Consistently good; great BIG menu & draft beers; what can be bad?This location is in Summerlin, across from the Red Rock Hotel.  When you don't want to mess with the downtown/strip area...this is a good choice for an alternate place to grab some grub with the locals.  As with all the BJ's, the pizza, brews, salads, and tons of other items, desserts (can you say pizzookie?)...it's all good stuff. Plus, lunch & happy hour, and late hour specials.  My favorite thing on the menu (for years now, and I never tire): the BBQ Chicken Chop...which I feel is the best I've ever had (sorry CPK).  Salads don't travel well, but everything else is served in HUGE capacity and get read for a 'take home' box.The service is very good at this location.  The only downsides is that it gets awfully busy, and parking is difficult to get in the front of the restaurants (shared with other restaurants), so you often have to park on the backside and walk a bit around a large building.
4	I never thought I'd see myself reviewing conglomerate type restaurant like BJ's.  However my most recent experience inspired me to take a few minutes to spread the gospel on some great things that most people are probably missing out on.First off their fish & chips have the most uniquely delicious batters I have ever encountered.  I don't know how they do it, but the batter is flavorful, crispy and surprisingly flaky.  It absorbs the malt vinegar or lemon juice while still maintaining its crunchiness.  Every other beer batter I've tried, the vinegar or lemon juice just glides right off and makes the batter soggy.  They've learned how to break the laws of physics with this magical beer batter.Second notable item offered at BJ's is their Irish Root Beer, which is their micro-brew root beer mixed with Jameson, Butterscotch Schnapps, and Bailey's.  The drink comes out frothy, messy, and overflowing like a great root beer float.  If you've never tried it before, you don't know what to expect when you taste it.  The best way to describe this flavor of this drink is with words from that guy in that Daffy Duck cartoon.  BJ's Irish Root Beer is... "Amazing! Marvelous! Stupendous! Colossal! Tremendous! Gigantic! Astounding! Unbelievable! Spectacular! Phenomenal! And it's good, too."
5	BJ:Fantastic happy hours.Fast service.Great food.Service:Outstanding.I really have nothing negative to say about BJ!!!Cheers
3	Crowded night, lots of kiddies (with lots of screeching).. not the best ambiance, to say the least.However, my pork chops were absolutely fantastic.. I was amazed at how perfectly prepared they were.  The rest of the plate, meh.. but the pork chop I ate was incredible.  The one that hubby ate was also incredible, but not the reason why... his ribs were terrible.  The potato was enormous, ridiculously so.. and his "smoked" ribs weren't smoked, they were boiled then some sauce was slapped on and they were finished on a grill.  It was obvious, and their menu was a lie.Will I return?  Possibly... but not for the ribs.  They get a bonus point for removing it from the tab, but they lost a point for him having to resort to eating half of my meal because no server came around to find out how the food was, thus giving him a chance to order something else.
4	So we go here with my parents a lot. The pizza is pretty good and the atmosphere is generally pretty good. TVs everywhere so you can watch a game and still focus on the people in your group. Their beer is pretty good and very reasonably priced and there is almost always some sort of special going on. My only complaint is that the Vegas locations don't have nutritional guides on hand. They are readily available in California so why not Nevada?
5	As a family we love BJ's.  Every time we have family members or friends visit us from another state, we bring them here.  Service is amazing, staff is knowledgeable and fun, and the food is always hot and fresh and delicious.But here's why I recommend them and what prompted this review:BJ's is always busy. (Use their call-ahead program where you can add your name to the wait list before you arrive.) One Friday night, we were waiting in the small reception area for a table, a wait we expected and didn't mind knowing that the food and service would be well worth it. Unfortunately, our wait began going over the initial wait time quoted to us by the hostess.  In fact, it was beginning to be significantly over and the very, very, very, very tiny waiting area was now becoming quite packed with other families and people waiting for their tables as well.Looking over the dining room it appeared that it wasn't the servers' or restaurant's fault.  Many tables had paid checks on the table and were cleared, except for some napkins and lingering drinks.  The guests were just camping out at tables, ignoring the growing group of families with whining, hungry kids.But the managers didn't ignore us.  In fact, two different food runners were sent out to the group of waiting people (both inside and outside the restaurant) with trays of pizza cut up in small portions for the kids to munch on while we waited. Napkins were provided and no mention of payment was ever made. This act was by far the kindest, most thoughtful gesture I have ever witnessed by a restaurant. As a parent, I was deeply appreciative of this simple, yet thoughtful gesture on the part of  the restaurant. As a 12-year veteran of the industry who has worked as a corporate trainer for two major national chains and is married to a chef, I was greatly impressed by the amazing attention to this matter and quick resolution. We had been entertaining the idea of leaving and going somewhere we didn't like as much, just to get some food in our crabby, hungry toddler's tummy. But this act on the part of BJ's staff kept us there and our money in their hands. Great job!We were huge fans of BJ's before this event, but whenever asked about a good family restaurant, I quickly recount this story and lay on the great reviews.Thanks, BJ's. We're fans for life!
5	I have gone here twice and each time excellent service and food. If you can put your diet on hold go and enjoy BJ's.
5	This is up there in one of my top 5 restaurants. I get excited every time we go here, like a little kid would get excited for Disneyland, lol. Their menu selection is never ending. A part of me wishes their menu was smaller, because I never know what to get! I feel like I am always missing out on something! But, no matter what I have ordered I have never been let down. Their Avocado egg rolls are so good I can barely stand it! I am not a beer drinker, but I order beer here cause it's so delicious. Their seasonal pumpkin beer is amazing. My boyfriend raves about the pazookie dessert, but we are always too full by the time we are done I just can't do it. I told him one of these days we will just come in for beers and dessert and skip the meal, ha! Give the place a go if you haven't yet. I doubt you would be disappointed, unless you are looking to woo your date with some romantic meal, then go somewhere else. No, it doesn't have ambiance as I saw one person complain about... but this is not that kind of restaurant. It's a busy loud restaurant with sports on the TV's, what do you expect? Go to a classy joint for a romantic night, this is a low to moderately priced brewery people! And a wonderful place to grab a bite of great food and a good beer!
1	What a joke. I can't believe I was actually prepared to pay $12.00 for an individual pizza and a small side salad.Ordered curbside. Lady said it would be 20 minutes.  I arrived to find no parking whatsoever. I called and told them I had arrived but there was no parking in the designated "curbside" spots.  Lady who answered had no solutions. So just then I noticed a spot, told her I had found one, and asked her to please bring me my order. Well, no one ever came out. I saw a waitress serving other cars, but she didn't bother coming up to mine. After waiting over 10 minutes, I simply left. Went around the corner and grabbed a couple of slices from Roco's for $5.00! They were delicious.Guess what? They never even called me to let me know my order was ready!  You people have some nerve charging way too much money for average food and deplorable service. Stay away from this poor excuse for a dining facility...
4	A great place and surprisingly good lunch specials were on-hand at BJ's.  We recovered from a long hike at Red Rock with some tomato bisque and toasted sandwiches, and both the price and selections were great.   We had pretty good service, too.I still don't quite know what a pizzookie is.  Perhaps it's best left one of life's secrets.
4	BJ's is a standard fall back restaurant when we cannot decide as a family on some other place.  We all love BJ's but I just cannot give this type of restaurant 5 stars.  It would be hard pressed for me to give any bar restaurant a 5 star rating so 4 is really good.  My kids love the deep dish pizza and I love several items on their menu.  The balsamic chicken is awesome, but make sure you order it with extra fried onions.  The French dip is also very good.  It's a must to order their pizookie .  This is a fresh baked cookie (warm) in a circular metal tin with a scoop of ice cream on top.  Several cookies to choose from.  They are all amazing.    Great place to go to and watch a sporting event as they have TV's throughout the restaurant.  Enjoy!
3	Food is fine. Atmosphere is casual. Beer selection was limited. I consider it a decent place for bite but, nothing memorable. They do have a wide selection of entrees if you have a large hard to please group.
3	Food was very good. I just can understand why they don't have wifi access for customers. This is not good for my business meetings.
3	I've eaten here several times and the food is decent.  Not great, but about average for what you would expect from a chain "brewpub."  I do enjoy the loaded baked potatoes that they offer and their beers are pretty good.
5	Great place awesome pizza and great beer oh and the red velvet pizookie is out of this world and speedy friendly service
4	This is always a good "late night, but I don't want to eat crap" type of restaurant. My wife and I figured something out tonight. I LOVE Nachos, what I don't like is when it is soggy or too cheesy and not enough toppings. We ordered the: Chips and Salsa = 5.95Garden Medley Salad w/grill chicken = 12.50The two together made a decent Nacho w/out the huge number of calories. We also had Spinach stuffed Mushrooms - I tried and still don't like mushrooms, and Mini Bruschetta - the Greek restaurant at Tiviola was better.The reason for 4 star is because the atmosphere, employees customers service skills (patience) and decent food. It is a bit expensive, $40+ for two eating appetizers. I double checked the prices and math....WOW that adds up fast!Oh and one last thing...they don't have the Garlic Kettle Parmesan chips anymore. :(
5	Wow,  had a great lunch special today Chicken Tortilla Soup and Caesar Salad.Unlimited Soup & Salad $6.95Your choice of soup and a house or Caesar salad (unlimited refills). For some reason I thought I had to order only one type of salad and soup.  When the waiter came back and asked if I would like another soup/salad I didn't realize I could order a Clam Chowder, Chilli or Minestrone Soup.  It was fantastic!They also have snacks and small bites starting at $2.95 so you can have a variety.  Desserts?  Pizookie's to die for!!!You're never too old to enjoy our freshly baked, hot out of the oven, rich and delicious cookie topped with two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream and served in its own deep dish. Your choice of Chocolate Chunk, Red Velvet, White Chocolate Macadamia Nut, Peanut Butter or Oatmeal Raisin Walnut.orBJ's Baked BeignetTheir delicious bakery crust dough baked to a golden brown, tossed in cinnamon and sugar and then topped with vanilla bean ice cream, fresh strawberries, a drizzle of strawberry puree and fresh whipped cream.
4	Service here was fantastic. Destiny was such an amazing server. She was so bubbly, cheery, and very attentive. She sure knows her brewskies! She helped me find a good brew of choice, and she also made light conversations with us. Such a sweet waitress. Also, I left forgetting my keys on the table and the nice busser flagged me down and gave me my keys back. Thank you sir!The food is a-ok. I think for a lunch special that is $5.95, I really can't complain. I had the chicken quesadilla and my friend had the bottomless soup and salad. the good part about that is you can switch off your soups and salads if you want to try something different. I honestly come for the pazookie. They have the best pazookies, and they bake the cookie the way I lllloooovvveee my cookie! Soft and doughy. My ultimate favorite is the macadamia nut pazookie. I'm really tempted to try the red velvet, but my heart just can't let go of the macadamia nut. I guess I'm just not ready to let go yet...(It's complicated).I also had the Nutty Brewnette which had the very carmelly sweet and nutty. I also must warn you that this brew sure's got some HOP to it. After one drink I was getting quiet and I'm never quiet.  If you are all about a strong roundhouse kick in your brew...try the Piranha...I was about to choose this one then Destiny kind of warned me that it's got a really strong spicy taste to it, and it's got a whole lot of hop to it. So, I backed out on that one. But if you are one who is all about the IPA intensity..go for the Piranha.
4	Thursday night about 9pm it was busy. Parking was packed and is tight lot.The booth was not lit well but spacious.We ordered fried artichoke hearts as appetizer and it came with a mayo type dipping sauce. Only like $3.95 and a must try before meal.We got the new Asian Kung pap chicken. It was supposed to have alot of veggies and snow peas but only had a couple and good rice. But it tasted good with alot of chicken.The the Californificatiin  flatbread, it was good but the mayo sauce drizzle was kinda nasty so I took it off. The tipping were good,The finally was the desert giant pan baked fresh chocolate chip cookie topped with massive scoop of French vanilla ice cream. Sugar shock WOW and bust out the defibrillator. Sweet heaven has arrived. Try it you'll be back for more!
4	Food totally rocks!  We have eatten here, as well as, have done carry out.  It's almost always crowded on the weekend, but the wait is manageable.  The waitstaff is friendly and always able to give great recommendations!  Wonderful Fish Tacos!  Great portion size too...so you will not leave hungry.
3	Its BJs, a chain with a obscenely huge menu, which I feel can be a red flag for not fresh food.  But it is what it is, just decent bar food, good beers, and usually pretty easy to get in an out of.  I dont think I can justify giving a chain 5 stars.
4	Bj"s  is one of those restaurants I have a love hate relationship with.  Some of the items, I just love some are not so great in my opinion.  First things first parking can be a hassle at times, and your bound to wait re guard less of what night of the week you attend.  I like the atmosphere and decor very much.  The wait staff is pleasant enough, yet often make mistakes with our orders.  In all fairness we usually have rather large family dinners there.Now, the food.  They have great soups the tortilla soup is my daughters favorite with fresh avocados a top.  My son and I love the Tomato Soup, truly creamy and delicious with large homemade croutons.  I usually start to get full with just my soup.  On most evenings we go my daughter orders their Chicken Alfredo, she normally loves it.....occasionally can be dry.  I ordered a little more sauce was charges an additional 3.50 ouch!  My son usually goes for their Jumbalaya which is very delicious and huge portion, or their ribs both are very tasty.  I waiver between their New york strip, which by the way is great! or at times go for their other pasta dishes on the menu.  I personally am not impressed with their pasta  dishes, find them a bit tasteless.  Also their pork medallions with white cheddar mashed potatoes are great.....I can't ever leave this restaurant with out eating desert.  My kids and I are crazy about their warm fresh baked cookie with ice cream a top called Pazooky, I'm sure I'vemisspelled that....l.o.l. yet  a sinful and  necessary experience!  Dinner there usually can be a bit pricey with appetizers and desert usually about $90 to $!00  for the three of us.  Bj's is always a family favorite, with variety for all offering a huge menu and great to go service too.Bottom line is, if I ask my kids to pick a restaurant to go to, always seems to be Bj's a leading contender!Marisol Juracka, LV, Nv
3	We stopped in to BJs for lunch after hiking in the Red Rock canyons. We sat in the bar area and were quickly greeted and had our drink order taken immediately. The service started to go downhill after that. We had a very long wait for our drinks, to the point that we had to flag down the server to see if he had forgotten about them.  He was not polite with his response that he was 'waiting for the bartender to pour them'.  We did finally get our drinks and placed our lunch order. The first thing to arrive was our friends chicken tortilla soup. They made a nice production of pouring the broth over the soup at the table, presumably so that the tortillas didn't get soggy, but he had no spoon. We couldn't flag anyone down for a spoon, so my DH finally went and asked someone for a spoon. We still sat there for a long time before a spoon arrived. When we finally saw our waiter again,my Dh asked him to bring our friend a new soup (ok, he may have TOLD him to :-))I think at this point our waiter realized that our service hadn't been great and he brought over a sample of one of their beers which was nice. The funny thing though was that I also got chicken tortilla soup and when they brought it, after all of this, no spoon! Maybe they have a shortage, idk. We knew to ask immediately this time and they did bring it out pretty quickly. Having said all that, we all really enjoyed our food. The chicken tortilla soup was very good, the mac and cheese was excellent, the chopped salad was great and huge, and they recognized that our service was not good and did try to make up for it. They also made a very tasty margarita, so it's worth another visit.
5	One word: Pazooki. If you dont try this dessert you are missing out!Prices are great, quality and taste of food is excellent, happy hour prices are decent, and the staff is outstanding.
4	Our first experience here didn't go very well, the waitress spilled an entire tray of drinks on my husband, they offered him a free T-shirt!  We haven't been back since.  So when my husband decided to give it another try, I was a little hesitant.  We got a couple of appetizers, a flatbread pizza, which had fresh mozzarella cheese and sweet tomato sauce. Garnished with fresh basil and Parmesan cheese.  We also got the crispy fried artichokes.  It was lightly breaded artichoke hearts fried crisp and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese.  Both of these were very good.For an entree, I got a good old bacon burger, smoked applewood bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and pickles, smothered with their special sauce.  It was juicy and very good.  I love bacon, so if I would change anything, I would add more bacon!Service this time was very good, I enjoyed the food, my husband was disappointed with his choice of entree, the old fashion pot roast.  He said it was truly "old" as in taste, he felt it was the left overs from the night before.  But the menu had some nice looking items, especially deserts that we might have to return for.
3	The number one reason to come here is the pizookie. Sure, it's something that I can easily make at home, but I'm way too lazy. It came out in a fairly large (maybe 5-6 inches in diameter) metal dish. In it, a piping hot, moist and chewy chocolate chip cookie at least a quarter inch thick and topped with two scoops of vanilla ice cream. It's simple but when you combine two classics like cookies and ice cream it's a sure fire way to make me drool. It's large enough for three people to share, but my son and I managed to devour it quickly between the two of us.The other food is pretty standard. They've got a big menu that'll make you think you're at the Cheesecake Factory. Full of items not high in quality of preparation or ingredients, but large enough to appease any hearty appetite.The pot roast sandwich may not be good for the heart, but it's good for the soul -- slices of beef on top of toasted garlic bread. If that wasn't enough they top it off with mashed potatoes and gravy. Some random veggies on the side might fool others into believing it's healthier than it is. The wife went with a classic burger. Standard fare, but it hit the spot.The place is great for families. It's loud enough to drown out the sounds of restless toddlers and plenty of tv's to distract you from the average food and service. The kid's menu is full of all the usual stuff -- chicken tenders, grilled cheese, burgers, etc. So, chances are there's something for even the pickiest eater.3.5 Stars
4	Ive been here numerous times. A good place for consistent food and drinks when shopping or errands on that side of town.This review is for Friday night with a group of 7 at around 7pm. We were expecting a wait (it's Friday at dinner rush) so my husband & I got there early and ordered drinks at the bar after putting our names on the list. The wait was an hour - typical for a popular restaurant on a Friday night. We enjoyed a glass of Pinot and a house lager before the rest of our party joined us.We were so lucky- an 8 top table in the bar area opened up and we swooped it up! I prefer bar dining, anyways. We are a low maintenance group that understands the workings of a busy restaurant. Our server was friendly and efficient for how busy she was. We ordered the avocado rolls, calamari and boneless buffalo wings for apps. Everyone had beer or cocktails and started Cesar salads. Everything was timed right and satisfying. We ordered 3 pizzas (theirs are deep dish). My husband asked for no tomatoes on ours and they made with tomatoes- but they realized the mistake and started making one without while leaving the pizza with so we weren't eating after the rest of our group. The server was apologetic and the manager brought the correct pizza out when it was ready. They handled the situation correctly and we were happy with the service. For some people this would ruin their dinner... But really- stuff happens, the apologized and fixed it! What more could you ask for?!?
5	Had the crispy jalapenos Burger and wedge fries with a few Oasis beers. Devoured and ravaged this burger. Love this place and its pizookie!!!! Service was good just took awhile to get our drink orders.
4	BJ's is a fun place to go if you aren't on a diet.  I am not certain there is anything on the menu that is a healthy choice, even items listed as a healthy choice.  BUT, if you go there for the food, you won't be disappointed.  From their Avacodo Egg Rolls to their Chicago-esque pizza, they know how to make their food.  They recently added "small plates" to their menu, 8 -10 mini appetizers for between 2-4 dollars each.  We decided to sample as many as we could and ordered Thai won tons, meatballs, a mozzerella salad, and fried artichokes.  The Artichokes were surprisingly good with large pieces of artichoke beneath a breading that didn't zap the flavor of the choke.  The dipping sauce was good but not perfect.  The meatballs failed miserably as they stunk like yesterday's laundry.  They tasted ok but the smell really curdled our appetite.  Luckily the Thai chicken won tons were excellent.  Add to that a wedge salad, housebrewed root beer and cream soda, and a kids meal and the three of us got out for under $40.00 with full tummies!  And the kids Pazooki comes with their meal and is big enough fo the adults to sample without stuffing it in.
5	Friday nights are really packed.  food is great!! a must get is the Pizzookie (sp?)  my fave is the white chocolate macadamia nut.  Another favorite of mine is the balsamic chicken entree off the 500 calorie menu. I can't remember exactly what it was called but it's bomb! The happy hour menu is ok.  Beer is good! Service is excellent!
2	***** Service: Our server was great. I wish I could remember his name - he is a young Hispanic kid with a faux-hawk. Seriously, excellent server.**** Kids: The menu is great, with several options for kids. All kids items are $5.99, which includes a main dish, side dish, and a drink.  The only problem I found is that if you have a child who needs a high-chair your wait will be longer because of the lack of tables - their booths are not designed to have a high-chair on the outside.* Food: It is just not very good. My wife got the jalapeno burger and was not impressed, which is saying a lot because she is not very picky when it comes to burgers. I got the Cajun pasta with shrimp and, while the flavor was okay, the pasta was terrible.  At least half of the noodles were stuck together in groups of 2,3,4 and more! Obviously, this makes for some crunchy, impossible-to-eat pasta.  How hard is it to cook fettuccine noodles? It was like someone stuck them in a too-small pot and just left them there for 6-8 minutes and then tossed them on a plate.Conclusion: Unless you are just looking for a place to get a drink and watch a game, go elsewhere.  There are probably 20 other restaurants within a 2-minute walk of this place, most of which will be a better food experience.
4	Busy place in the evenings. Server was good.Food was good. I will go back to try something different.
2	Why go here?   Seriously.   Everything here is about as exciting as the Cheesecake Factory.  And by that I mean there is no taste, no excitement, and no flavor.  But for those of you who like safe dependable food that fails to deliver an iota of anything unique, this place is for you.  As I struggle to find something good to say about this place, I guess I will mention that the service is always bright and cheerful.  Of course bright and cheerful service is over rated in my world.  For those of you who enjoy unblemished mediocrity I encourage you to eat here.
2	I am not a big fan of this place always way to loud really greasy food and unfriendly staff.
4	I grew up with this restaurant. This was my neighborhood restaurant from middle school even until now, and man, am I lucky to have such a great neighborhood restaurant! I'm a frequent visitor, and I've never tasted anything I didn't like here! There's the pizookie, which is a given. Red Velvet is my fave! All of the salads are great. Just had the turkey burger which was bomb! The waiters are always accommodating and it's just a great casual place to hang out and visit whenever!
3	Went to this restaurant for dinner with the hubby - loved the food but the service could have been better. I ordered the sampler of beer which was fun. I always love getting the sampler at Yardhouse and was happy to see they had one here as well. As an appetizer I started with the Ahi poke bowl - it was perfectly dressed and the tuna was super fresh. I always order this dish  anywhere it is on the menu and I can say this was the best I have ever had. I had the mini caprese salad next also fantastic - they used a very creamy mozzarella and it was the perfect portion for a midcourse. For my entree I had the buffalo chicken pizza -super thick crust and a nice drizzle of ranch on top. Not only did it look like a work of art but it tasted fantastic too. Now my husband was not as happy with the meal as I was.Ffirst the waitress convinced him not to order the beer battered shrimp that he wanted and talked him into a pulled pork sandwich which he didn't really enjoy. The biggest issue however was the timing of the food delivery. Or salads were brought out before the appetizers were even half way finished and the entrees came out not even 3 minutes later. We were sitting there with 6 plates of food on the table. W e enjoy going out once a week for a "date night" and like to take our time and enjoy our meal. We definitely felt like we were being rushed.Overall the great food way outweighed the lack of basic service and I would go back again. Next time I'll request to space out the courses.
1	Dont do it!!! Food poisoning from the happy hour chicken taco's...i would have rather ran a marathon than get that sick ever AGAIN!!!
4	Pretty fun place to eat, with lots of reasonably priced choices.  All that house-made soda is a big bonus, too.The staff all were very friendly and attentive, at one point the manager stopped by my party to ensure everything was going well.I would recommend this restaurant, I will eat here again.
1	I'm prejudice against chains already but I just don't understand how this place stays busy.  The pizza dough is literally the old Pizza Hut pan pizza recipe.  It's expensive and nasty.
3	I went to BJ's yesterday for lunch with a group of 11 people.  There were four parties, including ours, with 10 or more people yesterday and the staff handled it well.  The kitchen was a bit overwhelmed so our orders took longer than normal, but it was fine because we weren't in a hurry.I ordered the soup and 1/2 sandwich.  For soup I ordered the tortilla soup.  The sandwich was the turkey Cobb.  The soup was outstanding.  The tortilla strips are in the bowl and the warm soup was poured overtop so they retained their crispness.  There was also some pieces of avocado and the flavor of cilantro was very present for a wonderful flavor.  I was a bit disappointed in the sandwich.  It was billed as roasted turkey.  Well, it was, but it was luncheon meat roasted turkey and sliced thin for the sandwich.  It also says with blue cheese dressing.  It was there but the blue cheese flavor was not.As for our server, she was really good.  My iced tea was replaced with a fresh glass when I got low.  She did commit a cardinal sin with one of my friends.  He ordered another beer and when she brought it, she picked up his unfinished first glass and removed it before he could stab her with his fork.  That's a big no no!!  She didn't do that with the little iced tea that was left in my glass when she brought the fresh glass.  Wow, were we surprised.Summing up BJ's, it's OK.  It's not a place to which I'd go often.  There are just too many good places to go in this town and this area.
2	The thing I liked most about this place was the choice of beers.  Other than that it was nothing special.  My boyfriend and I shared a mushroom and sausage pizza and each of us got a side salad as well.  The salad tasted like the ones that you buy in the pre-mixed bags, flavorless and too wet.  The pizza was very comparable to Pizza Hut.  Its a shame they compare it to Chicago style deep dish pizza because it doesnt even come close to that!!I liked the atmosphere and size of the restaurant.  The service was pretty bad.  We called while in the parking lot because it looked really busy but the hostess tells us theres no wait for 2 people.  So we walk in and she says it'll be about 5 minutes.  We could clearly see theres several open tables but whatever.  We stand there and 5 minutes later she decides to tell us "oh, you can just go seat yourself over there"  Ummm okay.  Our server was very nice but I could tell he had more tables then he could handle because after he took our order we didnt see him again for 20 minutes.  We finished our beer and never got asked if we wanted another.  My glass of water remained empty for about 20 minutes.  If he was a bit more attentive I would've enjoyed my experience a lot more.  Medium pizza, 2 side salads, one pint of beer, and the sampler of 4 beers ($6.00) was $40.  All in all, it was nothing special. It tasted like Pizza Hut on a good night but tripple the price!!
5	Love the late happy hour, especially when I'm craving a Jerry Burst! Food and service are always good.
4	This is the spot to go! I go there for family dinners, watching a game or just gathering with friends! they have a great variety of food and the staff are very friendly! the deep dished oven pizza is a must try! and their famous dessert poozkie!!!
4	A nice place to go to get a steak or salad later in the evening.  Unfortunately, they close at 11pm.I have had nothing but good service here and I prefer this place over the Yard House simply because it is not loud and overbearing at night.  On the many visits here, I've had the Turkey Burger (it was moist and delicious), the Rib-Eye at medium rare (perfect!), the Thai Chicken Mango Salad, (the sweet dressing really makes it POP with bright flavor, and the Santa Fe Salad (the fire roasted red peppers, jack / cheddar cheese, avocado and corn make this Santa Fe Salad one of my top Southwestern Salad favorites out of any restaurant...)For desert, we sometimes get the PIZZOOKIE!  Chocolaty goodness is yours to behold!  Definitely try it if you have room for it at the end.  It's very worth it.The servers are usually quick and on top their game.  The restaurant is very clean and neat.  The ambiance is very casual and perfect for a date.I'll be coming back here for sure.
4	I recently moved to the area and while getting unpacked and settled, I grabbed take out from here about twice/week. I tried similiar type restaurants in the area (i..e, Claim Jumper) but have found the quality of food and friendliness of staff much stronger here than other places. There have a been a few issues - one time, despite waiting to pick up for until the 15-20 minute ready time, my order hadn't been put in yet. Another time, a salad with the dinner didn't make it into my bag (and I didn't realize this until I got home). Both times, however, the staff was super responsive. With the delayed order, the manager comped the meal without a complaint from me. Likewise with the missing salad - I called and asked them to just make a note for the next time I was going to be in (b/c with boxes still unpacked, it was inevitable I'd be in again) but they comped the entire entree. When I went in the other day, they also gave me a complimentary gift card for future orders. I've not eaten in the restaurant, so I can't attest to the service of the waitstaff (as mentioned by several people in previous posts), but the take-out order staff is super friendly, accomodating, and easy to deal with. The food is pretty good. It's not fancy, gourmet style. It's quality comfort-type food that's much better than bigger chains (i..e, Applebee's, Chili's).  They have the best mashed potatoes in the area. Their salmon is excellent, and the parmasan chicken was really good too. I don't like their fish and chips, but I've not found a local/Summerlin restaurant that does fish and chips well. (But am still looking!) I'd definitely recommend this place and think it has 5-star potential (but need to eat in to find out).
4	Love this place! The menu as a nice variety of items and at good prices. My whole family enjoys going there. And I love that they add a rewards card.
1	No good customer service even when restaurant is almost empty!!! Left after 10 min waiting in the bar area and it's not the 1st time!!!!
4	Located right across from Red Rock Casino and Resort.  Everytime I've eaten here, it's never by plan.  It's always been because either Yard House (at Red Rock) is too busy or I happen to be on that side of Charleston.  As for the food.  Probably tried almost everything on the menu at some point.  My favorites include their Spinach Dip, Salmon, Lasagna, Pazookie, and their Great White Pizza.  If you haven't tried their Pazookie, then you must try at least once. I prefer the Peanut Butter Cookie Pazookie over the Chocolate Chip.  My favorite dish is the Great White Pizza.  Chicago deep dish style pizza that taste like a pasta alfredo.  I love it when they burn the crust a little.  Sometimes I request it. Service is just average, but really good during lunch.  I have to say, service is better than Yard House across the street.  Any BJ's is a safe bet when your with a group and everyone is undecided where to eat.  One things for sure, getting a table is a lot easier here than in the one's I frequent in California.
2	I've never been a huge fan of BJ's restaurants. They seem to offer all my favorite things, beer and food, but the place has never really grown on me. On this occasion, I shared a half buffalo chicken and half sweet pig pizza. I enjoy the texture of the pan pizza, but they no longer serve them in the pan, which was a disappointment. Maybe they were just a little too heavy for the servers to carry, but man they really helped keep the pizza warm and the presentation was better. Now they serve them on a plate and it just wasn't the same. I didn't really enjoy either pizza flavor either. I've had both before and they were ok, but this time I was completely underwhelmed. The pizza just didn't seem warm and gooey enough to make up for the lack of flavor either. I did enjoy my unsweetened tropical iced tea. I'm always happy when places offer other varieties of unsweetened tea. The service was ok as well. Our server was friendly, but she wasn't very quick with the refills, so we sat with empty glasses for a little longer than I would have liked.Overall, it's not my favorite restaurant chain, but it does in a pinch. I just haven't found the menu item of my dreams here yet.
1	We go often and the last time it was really bad.  Pizza had no to very little sause and the crust was doughy.  They also changed the crust.  There are better places around.  Staff is nice, but not worth the risk of another bad meal. We will not be going back.
5	This is always my husbands and my go to place. They just updated their menu so we tried the hand tossed pizza, it was okay the deep dish is WAY better!!
5	Good place to have an unplanned, spontaneous dinner at. My wife, son and I had the opportunity to do just that and we all had a fun time. Our server Destiny, was great! She had great recommendations, especially with their seasonal Pumpkin Ale, which was absolutely delicious! For apps we enjoyed crispy wontons, with tai dipping sauce & fried artichoke fritters. Wontons definitely won that battle.For entrees, my wife enjoyed a classic Bacon Burger, and I had the Parmesan Crusted Chicken, which was great. Its rather large, so just remember that when ordering. For dessert we wanted a trio of Pazookies, and received 2 of which we ordered, and 1 which was not. They corrected the situation immediately which was nice.The one suggestion I will make is, I would love a brief description on the food after its delivered to the table by the food runners. Always nice to be reminded of what was ordered. We had a great, laughter filled evening and will definitely come back. Thanks Destiny!
4	The BEER is AWESOME! We are beer lovers and this place has a great selection of micro-brew, although a bit pricey at $5 a pint, it is worth it! We ordered the deep dish pizza, half bbq chicken and half white(alfredo), yeah that's right you can get half and half! It was good, although it seemed like is was just reheated to order and not freshly cooked because it wasn't really hot and you could tell that the halfs had not been cooked together, that was a little disappointing but it still had a good flavor. The cilantro on the bbq chicken was a winner for me, I wasn't that into the white side honestly. The Pazookie's though, holy hot cookie with ice cream on top! We ordered the sampler so we could try 3 different flavors and it was heavenly! If you love beer, go here! But be willing to spend some dough!
4	The atmosphere here was pretty relaxed and they have a wide selection of beers, which is always awesome. Every time I come here the service is always excellent and the food is amazing.
4	Wonderful atmosphere. Friendly service. reasonable priced good food. We had two of the 540 calorie dinner entrees.  Was ok.  Used a $5.00 off coupon.Thanks.
5	Keisha was our server.  Excellent service and food
5	Definitely one of my favorite restaurants. Food is amazing, the pazooki's are to die for, service is usually pretty good, decor is nice, great looking bar. Not a big drinker but i hear the beers are great! This place is highly recommended.
5	My boyfriend and I went to eat at this location last night and I had such a great experience, as always! Our waiter was quick, kind, and genuine! I can not have gluten so I love going to BJs for their gluten free pizza. Last nights pizza was the best ever. I had a great time and left completely satisfied. Will be back very soon!
5	I LOVE BJ'S! (hey, get your mind out of the gutter! :p) I like BJ's because they have great beers on tap (if it's still January, try the Grand Cru!!) The Grand Cru is a special brew they do at the beginning of the new year and they don't re-brew it until next January, so get it while you still can! As far as food is concerned, don't order anything else besides the Bj's favorite pizza. SO GOOD! It has like everything you could ever think to put on a pizza. Finish your meal off with a pizookie and life is GOOOOOOOD.
4	Long wait, but the food has never disappointed.  I give it to the staff though- they started handing out complimentary pizza after we waited for 30 min :)
5	This place never disappoints.  I don't get over to this location much, but he service was great, the food never disappoints and the deserts will leave you feeling 5 pounds heavier.It is not always a great place to go if you are having a meeting or gathering and you desire to chat as the noise level can be high sometimes, but the food will is worth the noise level.
4	Excellent food, extremely broad menu selection, fast service, limited parking, very reasonable prices. Accepts call ahead reservations.
4	Great deep dish pizza! For some reason I thought the smaller pizzas off the bar menu tasted better than the same type of pizza, but larger size off the reg menu. Go figure.
5	I have to say I haven't had a bad meal at BJ's in all the years I've been going.  The food was exceptional as I remember, and the service was just right.  Never had to look for our waiter, but he wasn't always there asking if we needed either.  The beer was ice cold and a great selection as always.  The lighting was nice and the TVs showed a good variety of channels and topics.  The wait was a little longer than I would prefer, but I'm spoiled and I got over it quickly.  The food and service was worth the few minutes I waited, and I am already looking forward to heading back again soon.
5	So good! This my first time here. Service was awesome. The beers are great. The calamari was good (worst thing I can say). The ribeye with horseradish mash and red wine mushroom sauce was fantastic! Servers name was Carrie. She was absolutely perfect. Quick, on the spot, got the orders right and didn't hover. Great night out with my wife!!!
4	Weren't planning on dropping into BJ's for a late lunch (or early dinner) but the other place we wanted to go had a long wait. There was a bit of a wait at BJ's for tables but we were able to grab a spot in the bar area with no wait. Server was friendly and food is as expected at BJ's... consistent and fair priced.Ordered two small plates, the mozzarella and tomato salad and the bruschetta bites. Both were really good and were a nice starter at just a few bucks each.Ordered the grilled burger melt with wedge fries and Kacey had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Both were good and my burger was cooked just how I asked.Of course one of the best reasons to go to BJ's is for the beer. I'm a big fan of the Blonde... one of best light beers I've had.All in all, good service, good food and good drinks... BJ's is a solid option any night.
4	Try the buffalo chicken pizza!! it is the Bomb!
5	I recently just tried their clam chowder. It is possibly the best I have every tried, surprisingly. The clams are very very tender and amazing in every way. This is the only thing I have been ordering lately as I can't bring myself to order anything else.
4	Excellent service and the place was packed! Our server Christy D. was on it. She checked on us regularly and we never felt neglected though we could tell she was slammed. We requested 2 beer samples and she brought a third she thought we might like. We did and ordered a pitcher of it. We ordered avocado egg rolls & the BJ's bacon cheeseburger pizza and the food was very tasty.
4	BJ's is a great place to have some good food and a great dessert which is a pizookie.  If you have been in the Eastern location, then there isn't much of a difference in the Summerlin location.  Ratings: Food: (4)Service (4)Location (5)Ambience/Atmosphere (3) Overall (4)I ordered the Mahi-mahi tacos which consisted of two tacos, nachos and a dip.  I really really liked it a lot.  However, it needed a little more of the sauce to put in.  Brad T. ordered his favorite pizza the buffalo chicken.  Lastly, we ordered a white & chocolate pizooke.  As always it tasted amazing and chocolate-ly.
4	I have visited this location a handful of times since moving out here. I became a fan of BJ's ever since I gave one a try back in Hawaii. Imagine my excitement when I found out they have a few here(And in Cali)! I've taken a few friends here and it's been a pleasant experience each time. Good food, drinks and service.Big fan of their deep dish pizzas. They do have hand tossed as a pizza option now. Prices are about average for this type of venue, not real pricey but not cheap. It is also a brewery, so they make their own brews, even root beer and cream sodas.They do currently have some specials. 2 for $19.95 meal which includes 2 salad or soups, a medium pizza and a pizookie for dessert. Also some lunch specials starting at $6. They do have other items like sandwiches and entrees but honestly, I've never gotten past their pizzas yet hehe. If you have a craving for some good brews n pizzas, definitely not a bad place to stop by!
4	I have eaten there a few times, i have had the rib eye with baked potato, that tater was huge, rib eye had good flavor and it was medium rare as I ordered. I have also had the bbq chicken salad and sante fe salad as well as the wings, all delicious and not only that but the p lace can be packed and you still get your food fast and hot. Worth trying for sure
3	I I really enjoy BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse.  I had actually never been to one until I met my hubby a few years back and boy was I missing out!  I'm glad he showed me the light!The menu for BJ's is quite extensive and has something for everyone in your group.  Their pizzas are fabulous and come in so many different varieties or you can design your own.  My fave would be the White Pizza.  Anything with Alfredo sauce and I am in love.  My husband disagrees and always goes for the Classic Combo pizza.  It is good too, but not as pretty as the White Pizza.  Looks aren't everything, I know, but it is true in this case!They also have a ton of other things from burgers, sandwiches, steaks, brunch (on the weekends), lunch specials Monday-Friday, and even low cal choices.  I don't anything about those because I am a full fat kinda girl, which is probably why I'm not a size 2.  They even have  french fry options!  Now that is just awesome because sometimes you want skinny fries and sometimes you want wedge ones.  GENIUS!And of course, they have a ton of beer!  They make about a dozen different beers and even switch it up throughout the year in the different seasons.  For you non-boozers, they also make their own root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda, and black cherry cream soda.  I always go for the cream soda and I am always happy.The service is usually ok, but it does waver, which is why I gave this location 3 stars.  Food alone is easily 4 stars, but the service knocks it down.  Sometimes you go in and your server is on it, but sometimes, like this past weekend, it was a diaster.  Our food took 40 minutes to come out.  Some of it was hot, some lukewarm, and one had been under a heat lamp for way too long.  We were all so hungry (Warning, do not mess with my family when we are hungry because you WILL get hurt!), we didn't send it back because we were afraid it would take another 40 minutes and we had plans afterwards.  We were not the only ones with this problem either, as I heard the tables around us all complaining about the same things we were talking about.  The manager on duty wasn't particular helpful either and we didn't even see him until we were already 35 minutes into the wait.  We asked him about the food situation and he tried to make a joke and then blew us off.  I would say 80% of the time you will have a great experience, so definitely try it out.  And get some cream soda too!
4	So if you can past the semi obscene name of this place, you are in for a great selection of food and beer. They also have a loyalty program worth joining. To be clear this is not fine dinning but it is often better than the other chains in this space. So if you want to get out of the casinos and go to a casual dinning restaurant and pretend like you live in a normal town, this is a good choice. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I  love thier hamburgers. Meaty, juicy, fries are ok, bettre off with a baked potato.Other dishes are good, prices are ok.  You can call ahead for a reservation. Do it, they get busy in the evening.  Usually no close parking, and no valet.
3	If you're looking for a large beer selection, including some they make themselves, this place will do. The food, on the other hand, is not so great. The menu is like that of many chain restaurants in that its huge and covers various types of cuisine. Everything sounds delicious but rarely seems to be. Deep dish pizza's - 5/10 - more like a standard pizza hut pizza and nothing like a real deep dish pizzaWings - 6/10 - not bad, but would be much better with more sauce
5	My boyfriend and I love going to yard house. The food is great and the service is great as well. Our waiter Name was April sunshine, And she was the best! she had the best customer service, She was friendly and nice. We are definitely asking for her next time we go.
2	20 minute wait at 6 pm on a Wednesday night, but that's OK and they handled it well. Our server, Kenny, was pleasant, but just like most places these days, they spend a lot of time "suggestive selling" by telling you about all the wonderful beers they have and all the apps, etc.  Maybe I'm old fashioned , but whatever happened to "May I get you something to drink?" or "May I start you off with an appetizer?"and leave it at that?My daughter ordered thin fries and they blew that, so it makes me think if you spent more time focusing on what I do want rather than going on and on with what I don't want , maybe you won't make mistakes.  If you don't want to drink and have apps, they don't seem to care about you.My chili-stuffed baked potato was lackluster and overpriced  I expected something more. It Looked like something from Denny's.  The wedge salad that accompanied it was similarly lackluster.My son's double deluxe burger was good.  I won't go back because of the hard-sell service and the food which was nothing special.  Another boring McFridays-Chilis-Applebee's-type of place.
3	Can't say anything bad about the place. The food is okay. I brought my daughter with some of her friends there after the movies. They ordered chicken strips, French dip, burgers, and a big cookie desert.They seemed to enjoy the meal. It was a good place to bring the kids.
1	My boyfriend and I are regulars at Bjs, we always go for the soup and salad and a pizza, wings or burger. Today 4/21/13 we decided to go to the summerlin Las Vegas NV location which is our regular. But the customer service is usually AMAZING, but today we got the worst server she was so rude and unprofessional. It took her 40 minutes to get us our check and 20 to pick it up. It was not like it was a busy night, it's the fact that she kept going back to "small talk" with her two large party tables (5 people) when she would ignore our table. We never received a refill, instead of asking us if we wanted to go bag she asked if we were done, when more than half our food was still in the plate. And walked away, we had to ask ANOTHER Server for a to go bag and to take our check and when he handed her our check she still didn't go and charge it. She took her time going to the back, gossip with her table and co workers by the machines and THEN bring us our check and saying "thanks" as if it was a drag to serve us. Server name: Keesha/Keeshia
5	Call ahead seating!!  LOVE, LOVE BJ's!  It's one of few places that we can go to as a family and everyone is happy and content.  It's less than a mile from my house which is super awesome and I've never been disappointed!!  Yes, I know this is a chain and I am personally more a fan of the local eateries, but BJ rocks!!They have a kid's menu that the girls know like the back of their hands and I like that it includes celery & carrots and ranch or applesauce or a small salad.  Not just fries (since those don't go over well with my kids).   The happy face potatoes are awesome too, but they are not fans. They now have a great ENLIGHTENED menu if you want to keep the calories down -- my personal ENLIGHTED fave is the chicken ala fresca, but  the Garden Market Salad w/Blackened Chicken is a close second!  We love their pizza - if in the mood for a thick pizza filled with goodness. Hubby loves their fried shrimp, chicken fried steak and many of their sandwiches.  Breakfast is good too - not what brings me back every time, but it's noteworthy.  Come on your birthday and get a free b-day sized pizookie!! Yum!  They don't sing either which is a bonus, but their pizookies are amaaaaazing!!!  I've never seen one disappear so quickly as they do when placed in front of my kids!!
5	Great food and friendly service. No wait for a table in the bar area.  Ice cold beer selection too.  Thanks. The giant stuffed potato was great.
4	I don't know what took me so long to write a review on BJ's. I've been to many of their locations in the past, but it was never really anything memorable. Perhaps I wasn't paying attention.Recently, a friend and I came to this location for dinner. I like the beer selection (both in-house and other craft brews). The food was awesome! I had a steak that was cooked to my liking. The best part is my friend got the Jambalaya. She raved about it before we arrived, but I didn't really pay much attention. I tried a bite and was floored at how savory, spicy and perfect this dish tasted.The menu is quite diverse. You'll find something for everyone. Service is good.This is a great "go to" spot if you are in the area.Don't miss the jambalaya.
5	BJs is as close as you're going to get to pleasing everyone.Neat subtly communist decor in a very large restaurant. Came in on a Sunday afternoon and got right into the bar. Lots of TVs with sports, and bizarrely clustered taps. They have a spectacular selection of beer; including their own which is usually quite good. They have several different samplers, including one with enough sizable samples to tranquilize Nancy Grace during a double murder trial. And they really mean full bar. In fact, they mean full everything.The secret of BJs is it's menu; everything is really pretty good, and that's a feat because they have a huge diversity of entrees. If you have that friend in your group who has specialized diet concerns and can only eat blue foods from islands that don't feature indigenous amphibians BJs can feed them. BJs is great for large groups for exactly that reason: everyone gets what they want. No matter how stupid it is.Mega Bonus: The waiter split our check with no muss nor fuss. Always impressive in the land of the unified restaurant bill. It may not have a ton of personality, but if you need lots of either different types of food or a huge selection of beer it'd be hard to go wrong.
4	- Valid thru 7 Jul there's a "Celebrate BBQ at BJ's with a FREE ENTREE of equal/lesser value with purchase of an entree!" offer you can obtain by clicking on it at https://www.facebook.com/BJsRestaurants- Great beer & lunch meal specials, convenient location near Costco, Lowe's, Best Buy, etc.- Friendly service, nice decor and reasonable prices.
4	Always have great service at the bar. Bison burger is good along with the shrimp lettuce wraps. Plenty of beers to try on hand from tap to bottles if u like to try different beers
4	I wish i could give 4 1/2 stars.......I got a coupon from Facebook for 50% off a large deep dish pizza, you can't beat that!! So we headed up there tonight.Now we come here often it's our go to place when we don't know what we want and I love it! However, I decided to get the BJ's favorite pizza tonight and its the most bland pizza I have ever had. (Which is why I knocked off a star this time) Pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, and onions were on the pizza. These can be bold flavors but tonight it wasn't there. I will stick to the BBQ chicken pizza if we get pizza again! Service as always was outstanding! Our dessert took 20 mins so the manager came out to take it off our bill, which was very nice!
5	Great food, great staff and it's always clean. They have lots of selection so everyone can get what they like.
4	Get 4 finicky female foodies together and you better find a place that has something for everyone.  BJ's usually provides a good fix.  Since we're usually starving by the time we meet up, appetizers are a big deal.  Because there's a BBQ thing going on, we tried the corn fritters with a special aioli (light textured fritters, with just enough corn...not so much that it makes it too dense and chewy).  The calamari was flash fried and tender, with a barely-there seasoned batter.  At first, the chicken lettuce wraps didn't look like it would be enough to share, but we all had at least two wraps each, doused with the hot mustard for some bite.  Good experience, so glad it's in our neighborhood.  Tip:  Send someone in to sign up for a table while you find parking; get a head start.
4	We discovered BJ's one night when we wanted to go to Dos Caminos, only to find it closed.  However, BJ's was a wonderful surprise and our new go-to when we want good food and to stay close to home.My favourite beer is the hefewisen (I'm not sure about the spelling).  I mentioned to the waiter that I liked Blue Moon and Shocktop, he suggested that beer, and I'm now hooked.  The pizza, calzones, and burgers are awesome.  My dad even orders a pizza and a burger because they are both so tasty, he takes one home to eat later!The service has always been prompt and friendly, it's not too loud or crowded, the TVs are plentiful and high enough so everyone has a good view of whatever game is going on, and the prices are reasonable, especially for Summerlin.  Our new favourite hangout :)
1	Yuck! Worst meal I have had in a long time. The entire experience was bad. I walked in t this restaurant and was greeted by a nasty hostess who had the worst attitude. What a B*&$%!!! I had to complain and the manager came right over and apologized right away. Ordered the Potato Skins for the app. Since when do you deep fry potato skins? These were deep fried with no cheese, bacon or green onion. Just plain with sour cream sauce. Blah, gross!Next up came the meal. The BF ordered the BBQ Beef Sandwich with coleslaw. It was so bad he could not even choke it down. Usually he can eat anything, so this had to be bad. He said it was the worst tasting sandwich he had ever had. Mine was the Angel Hair Pasta that I have ordered several times here and it is usually good. The chef didn't drain the noodles so the bottom of the bowl was full of water, there was no sauce at all, just a few canned tomatoes and trust me, all I could taste was the metal from the can and a half of teaspoon of feta. This went back immediately. They brought me a bowl of their famous clam chowder to replace the pasta. Hahahah-- famous clam chowder?? You have got to be kidding me. The only good thing was the beer that we had. They have their October Fest beer now and of course their famous Jeremiah Red. Funny how they are famous for so many things. NOT!!!
5	Top Notch service when getting takeout or eating in. Take out experience included on time delivery of my food, and because I arrived a little earlier than the time they had promised my food would be ready, they offered to get me a drink. Their jambalaya also happens to be AWESOME....
4	Good beers and service. I love the stuffed mushroom appetizer so dee-lish. They have a gluten sensitive menu you too. The California chicken sandwich is my so good!! Grilled chicken with avocado and green chilies with pepper jack on sour dough. I know it's a chain but this location has a locals feel. Good eats with TV's everywhere. So no one will miss the game.
1	Blown away at horrible my experience!  I'll keep it short as I don't want to waste any more of my time in this place.  I took my wife and her parents and we went on a Sat afternoon - busy but not incredibly busy.  What went wrong??  .....ordered a bowl of soup and received a cup (without soup crackers).  I had to track down server and tell him.  He said he would bring another cup...it never came.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and it came out with LESS THAN ROOM TEMP fries.  If that wasn't enough...the grilled sourdough from the sandwich was COLD!!  Needless to say, I provided feedback, did not accept any other food or compensation and will NEVER return!  Even though I can't stand Denny's I would have rather eaten there!!!  YUCK! Save your money and avoid this place!
3	The food is very good, but that's not the big takeaway.  This is NOT a good place for kids, and by kids I mean anyone who needs a highchair.  They do not have functioning highchairs at this restaurants. They have about a half dozen broken chairs, which of course serve no purpose.  This has been for about a year now.The food though is quite good.  Tuscan Chicken Limone is solid, and should be ordered if it appeals to you.  Also, don't leave without dessert.  The pizzas though are overrated.  Enjoy, but leave the kiddos at home.
4	Good food, just a tiny bit short of great. Prices were awesome when we went there thanks to a special ($20 for a pizza, two soups or salads and a dessert), but they're only doing that for about another two weeks, so normally they're just pretty good. Service was quick. Almost a 5, but just couldn't do it.
5	I love this place! I've been here a number of times and the food and service is always good.  Lot's of different choices on the menu, and their pizookie's are amazing!!
4	I don't personally love chain restaurants, but at least it's always consistent. Tonight we had avocado egg rolls (not as good as Cheesecake Factory) and an individual sized hand tossed pizza. They let us do half BBQ chicken and half spicy meatball. Some places don't let you do half and half if there are two different sauce bases (which is ridiculous, but I appreciate it even more when they do it).  Both were good, but the best thing is that we got Happy Hour prices even though we showed up at around 7:15! Our waitress told us that if the game is still on (its Thursday night football), the HH prices continue. Sweet!
4	Great food and service. I called ahead to make reservations and the host was very informative and friendly. The waitress was wonderful and attentive. A little expensive but yummy overall.
2	Placed an online to go order. Ordered a half sandwich and a house salad and a grilled BBQ pasta with a house salad. The total was $24. Yes, $24 for two lunch specials. Specials are typically discounted hence the "special" label. They obviously don't get that part or that's why they don't advertise the prices online. Went to pick up my order and found all of the to go order parking spots taken with no one in their cars and no one inside waiting for their orders.  The food was good but not great.  I suggest skipping their online ordering set up all together. It's not worth it
4	The soup and bar b que chicken salad were excellent. The Ice tea was very fresh and just brewed.
3	The food is the only reason I come back here. The service is awful!A dinner for two people should not take over an hour and a half. The restaurant wasn't overly busy either. It took awhile to get our orders and when the orders came out we asked for a side of ranch for our fries. By the time the side came out, we were about done. We ordered a pizzookie for dessert. When we were done we waited a good 15 minutes for our check. There is no reason why a check would take that long.
5	We took my mother in law here for brunch before a movie at Red Rock. I'm still rather new to Vegas but I'm learning my way around. This was my first time in BJs. This place was packed and I know why. The food was phenomenal and the price cannot be beat especially for Vegas. 3 meals plus an appetizer and our bill was under 35$. I thought the server had messed it up but when I checked everything was there. By far the best onion straws in the valley. Yes I am becoming an onion straw expert.  The plates are well sized and the food was so good. We will definitely be back.
4	LUNCH FOR TWO.First off our server forgot to give us straws with our water, but when he brought water to an older couple next to us he did not forget to give them straws or a cup of water filled with new ice. Our water looked like it's been sitting out for a while because the ice was almost melted. & when they brought out our clam chowder they didn't include the oyster crackers & it took forever to flag someone down for it.Did I mention it was my boyfriend's birthday? It was a nice that they brought out a dessert for him, but they brought it out when I was in the bathroom. I mean, couldn't you wait a little bit until I came back out? He was sitting by himself with the damn dessert & a lit candle on it! (he didn't want to blow it out until I came back.)Lastly, I usually get the jambalaya because it's one of the best I've had but today I tried the grilled chicken pasta & to my disappointment, it was totally bland.I understand my boyfriend & I are young but that's no excuse to give us poor service. We still left the waiter 20%, undeservingly.I only bumped it up an extra star because I usually come here & I never had a bad experience until today...on my boyfriends birthday. Such a shame.
4	I like the atmosphere in this place...who doesn't like a place to watch games and throw back some brewskis? Food is a cut above normal chain restaurants..not spectacular but good.Besides after 4 or 5 beers everything tastes good anyways. I will definitely frequent this establishment.
4	I am a huge fan of this Chicago style pizza joint. The pizza is deep dish and solid and their beer on tap is all brewed in house or locally. Service is generally solid and price reasonable for what you get. Personally I am a huge fan of the Buffalo Chicken Pizza which is just the right blend of spicy and pizza if there is such a thing. Also their Jerimiah Red ale is pretty solid also.
5	The pulled pork sandwich  was really good.  Wife got California chicken sandwich and tomatoe bisque soup which she really enjoyed.  We are here for lunch on a Friday and they are very busy.  All in all, a good place.  They also have a big drink selection. Would be a good place to come for happy hour. They new their own beer and have a huge selection.
3	I've been there twice and looks ok. Nothing special to me, decent food, good beer but I am not going craze for it!. Fried calamari a bit greasy but tasty, fish tacos ok, steak was very good. I love coffee and they don't serve cappuccino. Great service!
4	It was good. I went to my friend's birthday dinner and I liked their pizza. I didn't order anything because that's what we had.
4	I'm pleasantly surprised by how good my food was here and how nice the servers were.  On previous visits, my food was lackluster and service matched that ambivalence.  Hubby and I wanted some calories NOW as we just finished a gnarly hike an hour prior.  He wanted a place to chill, enjoy a beer, and eat some comfort food.  Since BJ's was kinda sorta on our way home, we decided to check it out again.  I'm glad we did.  Hubby's steak salad was all that he wanted and my turkey burger and wedge fries hit the spot.  Service was nice and friendly.  I was amused to note that the staff who brought our food to our table assumed the "chick" ordered the salad.  HA HA.  NO.  I may be fun-sized, but I can put away a LOT of food, especially after a long day hike.  :)We enjoyed our calorie-induced coma whilst watching the Super Bowl on the many TV's in the restaurant.  It wasn't too crowded at all; I think most people were watching the game at home.  Great way to end a great hike.
2	Our waiter: I wish I knew his name. I could barely hear him when he spoke. He was whispering/mumbling and we had to ask him multiple times to repeat himself. We all ordered burgers, which a couple of us sent back. I have never seen a hamburger patty like these. First off, they weren't even circular, so they were falling out of the buns and all over the place. They weren't thick at all, but smashed down and falling apart and so thin in some places. They sent us new burgers after we told them, and the second round came out exactly the same. They hadn't even listened!We left a little disgruntled. Don't get the burger.
4	So this is my new favorite chain restaurant since Yard House has been going downhill with the service and consistency. With that said, it isn't perfect. We have certainly gotten our share of inattentive servers (sorry to be sexist but the men tend to be the ones that leave us hanging for way too long, the women have been way more on top of their game here) and the hostess/seating people are fairly unfriendly. I always hate that the first experience walking in seems to be being ignored. Oh and the wait times can be insane, for that whole area of restaurants there, especially on a Friday/Saturday night......anyway, let's move on to the good shall we?The pizza - I think it is delicious, and this isn't even my favorite type of pizza, it is more of a deep dish, which I am usually not a fan of, but theirs is almost always pretty delicious. They had this mushroom, balsamic one that was SO FREAKING GOOD and I almost cried when I was told they took it off the menu, but alas, the Sweet Pig is pretty yummy too, so that is what we often get. The other stuff - I have gotten some other dishes but honestly, I prefer the pizza over everything else. Can't really remember what I have ordered, which probably says something, but the last dozen times or so have been all about the pizza.Now on to the PIZOOKIES - Soooooooo yummy. Little pans of cookies served up warm with ice cream on top. We have even gone just for dessert a time or two, they are really that good.We also joined their rewards club and have earned enough points for free pizookies and $10 off our meals, so that is always a nice incentive to come back. They also run decent meal promos sometimes (something like soup or salad, pizza and pizookie for 2 for $20) so a super cheap lunch is always a good incentive too. The atmosphere is pretty typical for this type of restaurant, generally busy and somewhat loud, lots of TV's going, etc., but I find it to be a perfectly nice place to have a lunch or dinner out.
3	Went to BJ s for lunch with fairly large work group.   They were on time with all the food despite over a dozen of us.   Food was better them I expected although typical pizza and pub stuff.  They got us on and out quickly and service was prompt at all times
4	I love BJ's restaurants but I have to shout this one out. The staff is always so accomodating and attentive!!  A bunch of friends, about 10 of us, were celebrating a birthday and came in one saturday afternoon dressed up as zombies and they didn't bat an eye! We were taken care of and not rushed at all. Another Monday afternoon I had lunch with a friend and our server James was so great! No rushing through the lunch crowd, he treated us like we were his only customers. This BJ's is a great place for dinner before or after a movie at Red Rock; or anytime! BTW they have great drinks and specials :-)
3	Usually four stars and the three are probably my fault for trying something new.  Almost always get bison burger which is a delicious low cal option.  Today I went low carb and got the wings.  They came with the sauce on the side and I am a wet wing fan.  The sauce was ok....may have been franks red hot.  Bleu cheese was very thin and no celery came on the plate.  Tracy the bartender always remembers my tea order and is very friendly.
4	I always get flyers in the mail for BJ's, but for whatever reason hadn't ever tried it until now. The inside appeared clean and I was greeted and helped right away. The menu had a good variety of options. I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered a "Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato Salad" priced at $3.50 thinking it would be small for the price, but I was wrong! There was a fair mix of red onion, tomato, mozzarella, basil and it was topped with a balsamic dressing. I was impressed with the amount of mozzarella in it and it tasted fresh and good. My niece was with me and she chose priced at $4.95 a "Kids Pizza" from the kids menu. It was a 6 in deep dish cheese pizza topped with tomatoes. I scored a piece and it was good! I liked the thickness and flavor. The kids pizza also included a drink so it was a good deal and she was happy! They offer online ordering and you can go inside to pick it up or call the number on the sign in the designated parking when you arrive and they will bring it out to you. If you eat here often you might want to consider signing up for their rewards program.
4	Decent food but sometimes there's a long wait! She's not a huge restaurant but she's big enough. They have an area in the back that you can have a large party.When I was a wedding planner, one of my brides wanted to have their rehearsal dinner here and they fit roughly 25+ people in the back room. It was pretty tight and rather than being sectioned off, it was one long table. It wasn't very comfy but it was good enough for what was needed. Buffet style menu and then drinks were ordered and paid individually. BJ's is very accommodating with their catering options and if they can't, they'll try to take care of ya the best way they can.BJ's is great for a night out to have some drinks and a meal (if you like) to catch up with old friends or a gathering place to be with family. It's low lighting may put you to sleep (as it does for me sometimes) but it assists when you're trying to have a little more intimate/private mean/drink as it makes it harder to see those around you lol.
5	The food was delicious and the service fantastic! I've been to the Centennial Hills location and it is very good, yet it pales in comparison to the experience I've had today at this location. I'm so pleased that I would consider going out of my way to go here.
5	My first time here and it didn't disappoint! The food was delicious. My husband and I got burgers and wings, and the wings were fantastic! They were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Make sure to order them tossed or they will only drizzle the sauce on top (wouldn't be enough sauce). The burgers were perfectly cooked and were huge! Had to take half home.Next time, we're going to try the pizza!
4	Berry blast cider is the best. I come to this restaurant just for the cider. It is a little on the sweet side but it takes a little sweetness to bring out the fruity flavor of the berries. This is a nice sports bar with plenty of room for group get togethers. The food is good and the menu  is large enough everyone can find something they like. I will go back for the Berry Blast Cider.
4	Bj's food  is comparable to chili's...not great but definitely not bad. How they set themselves apart from the list of mediocre food establishments is their service. I have never had a bad experience at any Bj's locations. The staff is so helpful and attentive. I've come during happy hours and peak dinner hours and have always received great service. And even though nothing that I've ever ordered from Bj's has ever stood out to me, I have to acknowledge that they have put together a very extensive menu together for their guests. Their is a dish for everyone in your party.They have a great beer selection... a variety of in house and craft brews for you to choose from. Their cocktails are also great...especially the watermelon mojito.Bj's is a great neighborhood spot to go to if there is one in your area.
5	Recently discovered their curbside service. Just another reason to love this restraunt!
3	The only reason I'm giving three stars is because of the food, which was amazing, but the service really took away from the overall experience. I understand that establishments are weary to serve teenagers, but that's no reason to be treated like we're below the status of a regular customer. Every time our server spoke to us, I felt like we were being scoffed at. Not every teenager tips just below the minimum, so if that was the reason why the service was horrible, you won't be seeing me or my family here anytime soon. My party isn't stupid, we know the norms of tipping and dining out. I was excited to bring my foreign exchange student here to enjoy the highly regarded burgers, but the embarrassment my whole party experienced overshadowed it all. the waiter actually had the guts to scream at her because she couldn't hear him when he brought all the food to our table. first of all, the place is always filled with people, resulting in a volume problem. Second, she doesn't speak good English! we seriously had to endure him directly shouting at her and giving us attitude when she didn't speak up saying it wasn't her food, even going as far as to say "you need to speak up next time." I haven't even stopped laughing because, really, this will be the last time me and my party will dine here after this experience. Bj's should know not every patron is the same, so why were we treated like every other  teenager who dines out? pathetic.
5	I have two words for you: pi-zookieIn certain situations there is nothing you crave more than a good BJs. Another review compared it to Chilis and that comparison is probably pretty apt but I think of it more as a cheese cake factory- they don't really specialize in anything (food wise)-they have an enormous menu with a bunch of diverse options, none of which knock your socks off but all of which are passable.BJs is a great compromise spot when trying to negotiate a meal with a large group- it has something for everyone .All that being said we all know what we really love about BJs- the pizookie. If it wasn't for this dessert no one would have heard of this restaurant/it would of gone the way of the dodo. The pizookie is a skillet cookie Sunday that you can get in a bunch of different flavors- both cookie and ice cream. They even have a sampler pizookie that comes with 3 different cookie and ice cream combinations so you can get a variety. However, for the discerning foodie the only real option is the white chocolate macadamia nut one- the cookie comes not quite baked through, very soft and gooey in the middle. This means the white chocolate will be basically molten (be careful you don't burn 1/2 your face off Harvey Dent style by shoveling it in too fast... I know from experience) and though the whole cookie itself is soft the nuts will give you that crunch for textural contrast that is so key. In closing- PI ZOOKIE MOFO
5	The atmosphere is amazing. The food is great.  The avocado rolls are delicious.  The Santa Feel salad with the blackened salmon is the best. They have tropical tea unsweetened which is nice for a change. Great customer service and comfortable booths.
4	It's was a nice atmosphere and the food was good. Great service. Will go there again. Nice place to gather with a few friends. They also brew their own beer which is pretty nice :-)
1	Ate here a few times and everything was excellent. Decided to dine here tonight and ordered the same thing I always do, Avocado Egg-rolls and Moroccan Spiced Salmon. Egg-rolls arrived and they tasted weird. Couldn't figure out what was wrong with them. When the entree arrived, it looked as if it had been dropped on the floor and then re-plated. I pointed out to the server that it looked like a disaster and her response was "Yes, they do throw allot of stuff in there". I took a few bites and it just tasted horrible. Sent it back and within a hour I was sick beyond belief. Not sure if it was the egg-rolls or the salmon but I'll never eat here again. They should have better controls to check the food quality before serving it. It only takes one time to lose a customer, especially when you get food poisioning. However, the server was very friendly. After I sent the food back she came and told me that it didn't look right (wondering why they didn't see this when they served it to me).If I ever decide I need a full body cleanse I'll make sure to dine here again.
5	I've always enjoyed my experience at BJs. I've been going there occasionally for four years and the service has never let me down. They're always friendly :)Plus, there's a large variety of pizza, beer, burgers, salads, pasta, and meat (steak, ribs) to try. And you can't leave without ordering a pizookie ;) trust me.
4	BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse boasts a delicious assortment of brews and cocktails. I'm not a beer drinker but occasionally go here for lunch because they have a decent-sized menu, reasonably-priced lunch specials and plenty of tables with almost no wait time. I recommend trying their Southern fried chicken resting on a bed of cheddar mashed potatoes and corn. BJ's also offers "enlightened" items, food that's healthy and relatively low calorie. One of my lunchtime favorites is the Maui pork chop. Just one grilled bone-in chop with a sweet glaze, served with potatoes and crisp green beans. Finish off the meal with their famous Pizookie, a cookie baked fresh out of the oven and topped with ice cream. It's to die for.
3	Service was good, food was... Ok. Ordered a medium rare steak which was medium only. The presentation was not so great. Also ordered Angel hair pasta tasted like mr noodles with a lot of oil. California burger was good but a bit on the oily side. Kale and Brussels spout salad with blackened salmon was good. Overall experience was ok, the waitress was friendly and forthcoming.
1	Food sucked no flavor at all. Everything was dull from the patty on my burger to the pasta my aunt ordered ... Wah I was really looking forward to this place. Margarita was good though :-) and the hostess was rude , but our server was nice .
5	Went here for Mothers Day dinner last week.  It was the first time at a BJs location for myself and my daughter, although the rest of the family had been there in the past.  We had a large deep dish pizza (BJs special) and a medium deep dish with anchovies.  I can honestly say this was some of the best pizza I have had in Las Vegas!  Very fresh ingredients and I liked how they use fresh cut tomato instead of tomato sauce in the pie.  BJs offers an extensive menu and is an excellent choice for a family gathering.  Very kid friendly and excellent food.  I will definately be back and would recommend this restaurant to others....
4	This place has awesome food and the prices are very reasonable.  They actually have carry out too.  They don't advertise the carry out much at all because it is a huge costs savings.  I went into the restaurant and ordered food to go and waited for it.  What would have cost me roughly $120.00 in the restaurant plus the tip only cost me about $55.00 out the door.   I couldn't believe it.  Their pizza is the best that I have had in las vegas and it takes a little bit of time if you order one but it is well worth the wait.
3	The only thing on their menu that is outstanding are the Avocado Eggrolls. These are a must. All of their food is okay, I guess I'd say good, but it's a bit boring. Something I can't describe. Eat here 10 times (including takeout) and you're burnt out. Takeout is usually ready on time, but there's usually a wait on the weekend which is scary bc this place is scary big. So imagine how long it usually takes to get your food. I much more prefer this place for lunch. They have lunch specials and there isn't usually a wait. Service can be spotty, depends on who you get and wether they're hungover. If you are unfortunate enough to go on the weekend try to grab a seat in the bar if you don't want to wait close to an hour for mediocre food. But make sure you flag a server down or you won't get service for a while (we've waited a half an hour for a server in the bar before).
3	Only reason why I did not give them 5 stars is because of the service. Our waitress took so long to even come to us after being seated that when she greeted us we all knew what we wanted to drink and order. After that it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks. We felt like when we flagged her down we would need to ask for everything because there was a chance we wouldn't see her again for another 20 minutes or so. Usually get better service than this. Food was good as always. Fettuccini Alfredo is yummy. I love the small bites. Got crispy artichokes and the bruschetta. If you don't eat a lot id recommend ordering some small bites and maybe sharing an entree with someone. That's a good amount. As always order the pizookie for dessert! You can't pass on it. Good place to come with a group. Try their beers or do the beer sampler. Overall the food is good here. Service varies.
5	They have great service and salads! Will definitely be returning in the near future!
4	Love this place.  We live near here so we come here pretty regularly. We like to sit in the bar, we typically get better service if we sit in the bar area.  Food is pretty good for the most part. I think I have only had 1 bad meal here. Chik parm was definitely not very good.  Love the atmosphere. Sign up for BJs rewards and you can get free appetizers and other good stuff.
4	I recently had lunch here (I'd been here before for drinks and also for a work dinner), and BJ's did not disappoint. Every experience I've had at BJ's has been perfectly pleasant. They were very busy at lunchtime, but we were seated promptly. Our server was very friendly and attentive as well. I really appreciated the variety of lunch specials! There were lots of choices, from pizza to salads, to entrees. I got the BBQ platter, which came with a BBQ pork slider, a BBQ chicken breast, cole slaw and fries. The chicken was juicy and tasty. The slider was also pretty tasty, just messy. BJ's is a great Summerlin option for lunch. Casual and low key!
5	Always eat here with my boys. Love this place. Ate Saturday before Father's Day and had a great experience. I've only had one shortfall in service here once and the one time I did, I didn't have to bring up. BJs staff recognized on their own and apologized on their own!  Great staff and management team here!!!  Always come back!
5	Stopped for lunch, I love the Honey Crisp Chicken Salad & my husband tried the new Spinach with Seasonal Berries salad + Blackened Salmon...we ended with a Chocolate Chip Pizookie with substituted Chocolate ice cream!Downloaded their APP & saved $5 off the check :)
3	This is your typical BJ's, with the giant menu and the cookie pie things. I've been here a few times, and the service is better than in Centennial, you get in and out quickly. I've never had an issue with a waiter or waitress. They are located by the Red Rock casino so you can always go to a movie and cross the street to eat here, or just get dessert like I do some times.
3	Ate here for dinner today and for some reason it was super busy. I really love this restaurant and have been coming here for a long time. I love the ambiance and the food is great. I love their signature pizookie's and their rootbeer. Our waitress was not at all coordinated. She was in over her head I think because it was so busy. It took 15 minutes after we were seated for her to come by and ask what we would like to drink. Then it took another 20 minutes for her to actually come back to give us our drinks. This made me mad since I've never had such poor service at this restaurant before. We ordered 2 appetizers which came out literally 5 minutes before we were served out entrees. On top of that our waitress was not really attentive to us and was kind of rude when we asked for sauces and other things. Overall, I still love this restaurant, but I believe that if they do become busy the waitress/waiters should not neglect their tables and not be snippy if ketchup or other things are needed.
5	Although there is usually a wait if you go during the peek times and days, it's worth it. I usually get their amazing honey crisp chop chicken salad and it is always consistently made, no surprises. That goes with their whole menu. Obviously their pizza is made to perfection, that's a given. So someone at the table has to order a pizza! But please, for the love of god, SAVE ROOM FOR A PIZZOOKIE!!! What's that, you ask? It's a hot giant cookie, still warm in its mini pizza pan, with a heaping scoop of ice cream on top, just waiting to be devoured! You can say you'll only have one bite, but you would be lying. I double-dare you to only have one bite. When a table gets a Pizzookie, it's like watching a pack of starving wolves being thrown a juicy steak. First come, first serve!
4	Love this place great food great service !! Menu is huge so much to choose from..kids loved it just a all around great place
2	1pm & the service is not very good today...been here for a good 5 minutes, the waiter came to take our drink order, 10 minutes & he has not come back, REALLY??? 2 waters, 3 ice teas???At the 15 mark drinks finally came, orders taken.  Now sitting, drinks empty???Food finally came and order is wrong???  The manager came over apologized, offered to get the sandwich made over but we said no as we waited almost 45 minutes just to get food.  Also ha to ask the manage for drink refills which were brought by another person.Now 2pm, the place is almost empty, drink is empty, waiter came by but no acknowledgement.  Our waiter, has a great personality but as for attention to detail, not very good. Had to ask for another ice tea.Not sure why it is so bad today???
4	Love the Brewhouse Bacon Cheeseburger! The wedge fries are bomb too. Favorite appetizer is the Avocado Egg Rolls! BJ's is vastly becoming a very regular dining spot! Great service as well. They could offer a better Happy Hour. Other than that, I highly recommend this place!
4	Try them for the first time and it was pretty good, my kids love the chicken tender. Service was fast and friendly. Everything on menu are bar food.
1	We come here quite a bit. Not very good service tonight.  Food was cold. The so called apology was not sincere.  Not a great experience tonight.
5	Go to place for dinner. Since I don't cook! Lol. Great service and amazing food and drinks.
3	It's either really busy, or really slow service when it's not busy - so choose wisely. Their rewards program is awesome, I've gotten a free pizookie, mini pizza, and a buy one get one free in about a month! Also, being able to check the wait list and get on it from your phone is GREAT. I love their chicken club sandwich, but the pizza is great as well as the pasta! Their ribs are not very good according to my family. The portions are pretty big, I usually have leftovers. And, the pizookies are a must to top off a meal.
2	Pros: We were seated quickly. Practically no wait time. we ordered the 4 beer sampler. I liked the house beers. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed the oasis amber and the house blonde. When we asked for lemon for our water the waitress brought a lot of lemon.Cons: We were starving when we arrived and waited 30min just to order drinks. The waitress rushed off before we had a chance to order food. Another 30min went by before she brought our beers and we were so frustrated from waiting an hour we just asked for our check. It took the waitress another 10min to bring us our check 20 to pick up the check and 20 to bring it back to us. after about an 1 hour and 45min of waiting  I was so disappointed in the service. I might come back and give it another chance. Hopefully it will be better next time.
5	Their parmesan crusted chicken is the best thing in this world!!! Soooooooo good! And then they have those DELICIOUS cookies with ice cream, they are to die for. Soooooooo good!!!
5	I like this Resturaunt . It's always consistent in its meal perpetration and regardless of time of day I always get a seat. The service is great never had a bad server.  Seems priced right and could easily be my favorite neighborhood Resturaunt
5	Just had a wonderful dinner here. Kris was our server, and she was absolutely wonderful! When visiting this location, be sure to ask for Kris and you will definitely get great service.  Be sure to sign up for emails to receive special offers.
5	Atmosphere was very nice.  Its nice to go to a sport bar kinda place WITHOUT having poker machines everywhere.  Let's get straight to it...the food.For starters, we ordered the $5 Happy Hour Spinach & Artichoke Dip and I ordered a Strawberry Mojito and E ordered the Octoberfest Beer.  I have NEVER had a mojito so good in my life.  It wasn't too minty, just the right amount of sweetness and even had a lil fizz to it.  I need that recipe in my life :) I ordered the Parmesean Crusted Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Broccoli and E ordered the Jambalaya.  Everything was AMAZING.  The food was piping hot, the wait was not long at all and service was great.   I signed up for the free Rewards Program also.  I will definitely be returning.
3	Great food poor service my step mom fell and broke her finger here on my birthday and not one employee offered to help
5	My wife and I go here quite a bit and always receive great service and perfect food. The deep dish pizza is always prepared just right. We usually split the santa fe chicken salad as well and have not been disappointed.
4	This place is our go to spot if we are looking for something close to home. Service is a hit and miss, but food is good. I enjoy the barbeque chicken pizza, jalapeno burger, can't go wrong with a pizookie for dessert. Looking to get a buzz, they do have a great selection of drinks. Haven't had a dish that I've tried and wasn't pleased.
4	This is a regular stop for us because it's consistent and near our house. They offer very filling food with good flavors & it's good to have a chilled glass of beer once in a while. We always order the BBQ chicken pizza & a small favorite starter are the corn fritters. It's a very busy location so be prepared to wait if you come during peak hours. There are tv's everywhere so ladies don't come for romance reasons :)
5	This restaurant will always be a favorite of mine. Before my father passed away, we used to come in at least once per week and would be greeted by three or more staff members before we were even seated. Seldom did we have inadequate service and the food always tasted great. After he retired, the highlight of his day would be to go to lunch and chat it up with his favorite waiters and hosts while enjoying some soup and salad. Your staff was so friendly and courteous to him, and I thank you for that.  I recently went back with my brother to catch up and, despite many new staff members, it was still an incredibly friendly environment with great service and delicious food. This BJs has a customer for life.
5	Love this place! Menu is huge and can make everyone in your group happy. Gluten free menu is awesome! Sports always on the TVs. Great wine, beer, and craft beer selection.
1	Don't ever make the mistake of going to this place to watch your football game on Sunday!!! I have never experienced such rude people - the bartender and the manager. I could go on and on, just save yourself the aggravation. This place clearly doesn't know anything about football and it's fans.
4	Always good times at BJ's! Brought a friend here that was visiting from out of town because for the people who live in Vegas we don't always want to deal with "the strip" just to get some good food! Although we missed the lunch specials that end at 3PM we were still pleased with this dining experience! When we walked in there was maybe about 10 people in there! Not busy at all! Happy hour was still in session and because they offer some really good $5 Mojitos I had to participate hehe! If you choose to do happy hour you must sit in the bar area and some of my personal favorites off the happy hour menu are the avocado rolls and the buffalo wings! We were a bit hungry so we still ordered off the regular menu as well! Calamari was a Very good! The Cherry Glazed salmon was a HIT! I recommend trying that if you are in the mood for fish and or watching calories because it's only 550 calories! Friend ordered the Brewhouse double burger with bacon and loved it! BJ's is known for their pazookie's and I personally like the red velvet one! Will be back soon!
5	I have enjoyed BJ's so much. My daughter and I have been there 3 times and loved it each time. So today, around 4PM, we are taking the entire family. I believe they deserve this awesome treat also.
1	My husband and I went to BJ's yesterday to enjoy their lunch specials. I gave the hostess my BJ's rewards number as we checked in. My card was lost by a waiter on a previous visit.We were seated in a booth for two. A few minutes later, Nora, our waitress greeted us. She took our drink order and then our food order. I ordered the half sandwich and salad combination with the salad dressing on the side. My husband ordered the same thing except for no tomatoes on his salad.A few minutes later drinks and salads were brought out. My salad had salad dressing on it and my husbands salad had tomatoes on it. Strike one and two. No big deal, we will eat them rather than risk the rest of our food being spit in.Thirty minutes went by. No half sandwiches had been delivered. My husband was ready to get up and leave when Nora goes around, sees that we have not been served  our food and runs away before we can get her attention. She comes back a few minutes later with our food.My fries were cold and the sandwich was soggy on one side and crusty on the other side. It was obvious that our food had sat under the heat lamps for a long time. My husbands food was the exact same way.Nora, our waitress, was no where to be found, so we asked another server to get the manager.  Nora finally came over and went to get her manager.William M, one of the managers, came over to apologize for our food being cold and unsatisfactory. He offered us to remake our food at no cost. We did not have time to waste another 30 minutes for our food to be remade. He said he was going to talk to his staff about the quality of food that is served. Nora knew full well that the food she was serving us wasn't the BJ's quality standards that the manager was talking about.We go back to BJ's because we really like the food. This wasn't the first time our food was served cold or our order was lost or my rewards card was lost. For those reasons, we Will NOT be going back to BJ's. We have given this enough chances to this restraurant. We will take our business else where.
5	BJ's is always a great place to go eat, and drink if you choose.. Always great service.Nice menu, popular prices. Lots of TV's.  Love their burgers,. Soup and Salad a greart deal. Salads great,  Just enjoy BJ's.   A solid value. What more can one ask for,
5	Generous portions of food that taste great, they accommodated for our party of 9 in no time and the service was exceptionally fast and friendly, would recommend this place to friends and family with small or large parties...the ahi poke and rib eye was excellent!
2	Generally my wife and enjoy going for the good beer and tasty food. On our last trip when we go the bill I noticed that we had been billed for an extra beer. The waitress said she would take care of this. About ten minutes later she came by to say she was trying to get the manager to take it off the bill. Five minutes later we walked to the front and asked to see a manager. A lady who said she was a manager said she working on get the charge removed, but had to get approval from her manager who was busy with another matter. Get your act together, BJ.
5	First time here and decided to stop for lunch. Got the soup and salad lunch special. Great choices of soup and salad. And didn't have to wait like at Olive Garden for soup and salad. Very good and will be back.
1	Server took ten minutes to come to the table. Spinach dip came out very cold. How hard is it to microwave? Meal came out wrong as well.  Overall, generic and poor execution.
4	Service is good here. I always come for their appetizers!! My favorites are: avocado egg rolls, Spinach artichoke dip, mozzarella salad, stuffed mushrooms, Mac & cheese, and  fried calamari. They have an excellent selection of beers! My favorite is the Jeremiah red! Their pumpkin ale is a must try during the fall season!
4	This BJ's never seems to disappoint me. Today we were there for lunch and the waiter was so nice! Our food also came out very quickly today. I was surprised!I got the half pasta and soup or salad lunch combo. I ordered the spicy tomato spaghetti and a bowl of clam chowder. Reason why I got soup was because the last time I had the house salad, I didn't really like it. It didn't have enough dressing, it seemed a little dry. The spaghetti was really not that spicy but had a light kick and a different type of tomato sauce, but it was enjoyable. It was really good price, about $9! My boyfriend got the clam chowder in a bread bowl which was about $8. Their clam chowder is really good! It comes out hot and fresh. He adds a little tobasco for more flavor, and I just like it the way it is.We had calamari for appetizer and it was delicious as well. It was crispy and a pretty decent size. I've seen it bigger at other places but I'm not complaining. This was about $10.25 I believe. As for dessert, ALWAYS the pizookie! Chocolate chip with vanilla ice cream is always the traditional way to go! Sooo yummy and always hits the spot.Because I'm a BJs card holder, I was able to get $10 off $35 or more, and we had just reached $36. So the deal was soooo good! Imagine if I had 4 people come and everyone ordered off the lunch menu.... What a deal!!This place is clean and friendly and has pretty good food. I've had their Cajun pasta and shrimp scampi, both very flavorful. I've also had the angel hair Classico which is not as flavorful but good if you don't want a strong flavored pasta. Their pizzas are yummy and shareable size! Over all, BJs is one of my favorite places to go!
4	We haven't been in a while. I had the fish and chips. Mostly for the fish and not the French fries. The fish was so crunchy and the tarter sauce has some spice to it now which is a yummy surprise. I would definitely recommend the fish for sure!
2	Ate there last year for my son's birthday and had great food and service. This time we had the worst waiter imaginable who didn't even bring us silverware. Food and drinks were bad, service was bad, I was pissed that I paid $100 for this drool. Serious indigestion for ALL of us, including our 4 year old!Waiter wouldn't bother to take the time to look up my BJ's card, never refilled tea, forgot to order my son's food which left him sitting there watching us eat for 45 minutes! Ordered my daughter's food wrong as well. Overcharged us for meals and drinks. Barely spoke English and obviously couldn't write it either. With so many more options now since Downtown Summerlin has opened one would think they would at least attempt to make an effort. I'm very disappointed and it was reflected in the tip or lack thereof. Having been a waitress in the past, there are a few things I expect such as silverware. I don't know why this place is packed or how it stays open. Perhaps everyone is parking there to eat at Olive Garden next door.
5	BJs is always amazing! Tonight we had a server named Jared S. Excellent service :) he was engaging and prompt!!! We waited for about an hour to be seated; it was well worth it to get excellent service!
1	ate there tonight! Was happy all food was great! 2 problems dinner took 1 hour and 40 minutes from when I was seated! 2 I ordered a house salad with ranch I ate the whole thing it was yummy....... My wings came next I ate those too very good! As I sat for what seemed forever for the 3 small pazookies we ordered for our extremely well behaved considering it took so long children I went to move dishes out of way because no one bothered to clear my table the ranch cup was stuck to table! I lifted it to reveal what I thought was wax! I thought to myself wow good idea to stop from sliding........ Upon further inspection by removing I began to realize a firmiliar smell it was ........ Mint! Wtf? Why was there gum under my ranch cup? Gross asked for a manager he gave us 3 free kids pazookies! Big deal? Was this to make me feel better? It was gross! Never going back ever and calling SNHD Monday morning
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch today with my family, I had the soup and salad combo (no refills on weekends), wedge salad was watery and small, I'd rather order from Outback. The clam chowder was actually really good and filling, can't complain for $7.95. Next time I'll stick to avocado egg rolls and the pasta which are always good.
5	Biggest Buffalo Chicken Wings Ever....they are huge! Great Ranch : )
3	The beers are very nice.  Always good.  The pizza is deep dish and the pans are nicely seasoned as to give the crust a buttery flavor.  The service here is great.  On the down side, it can get a bit noisy with the high ceilings and hard surfaces, but hey it is casual dining.
5	Jared was awesome! This was my first time to this location and it was really nice. Most other ones I have been too seem very crowded and not a lot of space but this location is spacious in the bar and restaurant area.  The food was great as always, the service was awesome and the atmosphere was good.  My aunt goes a lot and she was surprised how empty it seemed to be but even with a few larger parties and people sitting near us, it was not overly noisy!
4	I must say this is one of the nicest  bj I have ever been in the service  is better than all the others I have been in my waitress was at our table every five minutes to check on us. BJ'S IN SUMMERLIN AWESOME
3	good service, OK food, feels like another america food place...nothing special. Asked for a M burger and got well done. hate it when it happens.
5	Great service even when they are very busy. We were seated immediately in the bar area and our server (can't recall his name, started with an M) was great! We redeemed our coupon for a free pizookie too. Great experience!
1	The service is the reason why I almost never dine in and grab curbside. I can avoid the tip that they don't deserve so that's what I usually do. Food is always better fresh so I decided to stop in today. There was a party by us - that had already finished eating by the way, but they also had a different server. My boyfriend and I took about 10-15 minutes deciding what to eat and we had at least 5 servers walk by (including the one who ended up being ours.) Our host came by and asked if we had been helped, and we said no. Our server finally came by and wanted to take just drink orders after 20 minutes? I said no, we're ready to order.. hello lady my menu is hanging off the side of the table. Anyways, I got my salad before my drinks! The manager dropped my salad off and didn't say a word. Not thirsty or anything! Then our food came but was run by someone else (signs this server SUCKED if she can't run any of her food), and no ranch. Can't have fries without ranch, and our server didn't come by for at least 10 more minutes to check on us when she didn't even run our food. I like this place, but not this location. I work in the industry and I just wish I could do the job for these people, it's pathetic. I wish the Centennial location wasn't so far - seems like people actually care about service, timing, and their tips!
4	As chain restaurants go, this one is pretty good. Nice beer selection, huge food menu, and pretty reasonable prices.My husband and I each had a beer (IPA for him, pale ale for me), and they were both really good. We split an appetizer of mini bruschetta, which I thought was pretty tasty. (Too much bread-to-topping ratio for my spouse, but he's not really a bread person like me!) He had the pulled pork sandwich, and I had the Asian chopped salad. Yummy fried onions on the sandwich, and the meat was nicely smoked. He was quite pleased! My salad was fine, nothing special, but the portion size was reasonable and thankfully the salad itself was not overdressed.Our waitress was a little overeager, and the back room was a little cold, but otherwise there's not much to complain about. The food was good; the beer was great; and I'm sure we'll be back when we're on that side of town.
4	My sister looked forward to this restaurant for years and it delivered in every way. Sure it will cost you a full paycheck but it is a meal that will not be forgotten.
