3	Three stars for the very profit-oriented medical care.Five stars for Tish.  She's the best groomer my bichon has ever met.  She's gentle and nice and my dog really loves her.
4	This review is only for the Grooming:I take my dog to the VCA on Hualapai for vet care and to this one for grooming.  Why?  Because the one on Hualapai only has like two ways to groom a dog: use scissors or shave bald.  And I would like something in between.  And my dog has been going to VCA Hualapai for about 12 years for vet care & boarding.This location can accommodate any length of grooming that you want and they will make some recommendations based on your dog.  p.s. They are owned by the same person as the one on Hualapai, but have different computer systems, etc.I drop my doggie off between 7:30am-8:00am and pick him up at 6:00pm.  During that time, he got his haircut, they gave him a walk outside, water and a cute bandana!  The other location does none of these.They have always taken great care of my dog and he seems very happy there.  I will continue to take him there for all of his grooming needs!
5	I have been taking my 3 min pins here for over 10 years. Dr Mark used to give their care, he has since left, but the new Vets are just as great. We had a very big scare last year with my ten yr old Brownie. LakeView recommended a great specialist facility and continued to call every couple of days to check in on his condition (over and above caring team there!). He recovered fully, by the way.We used their boarding facility last year (the first time my dogs have ever been boarded). My dogs have never been kenneled, so they gave extra walks & let them be in rooms the 3 of them together to limit the separation anxiety they had.We have never waited to get into a room, the facility is always clean. They have NEVER pushed any product or service on us. Friendly staff, caring vets... What more could you ask for?
5	These guys are open on Saturday and were able to see my kitty within two hours of my call. He's now recovering from the trauma of a vet visit and hopefully just a UTI. Thanks Dr. R.!
4	PROS: I love coming here, it's so close to my house and my doggies get taken care off. I have a 10yr old and a 3mo old. My older girl had surgery here for a very bad case of pyometra two years ago and was well taken care off. The staff is friendly and it is always a great experience. The vets here are really really wonderful and the health of my dogs is owed to them but that does not mean that I have not gotten upset with them more than once:CONS: I will never forget a remark made by one of the receptionists when my doggie had surgery: (dog is already situated in the back to spend the night)US: We are just going to run by an ATM to get cash for the operation ($1,500) and will be back in a matter of minutes. HER: Oh it's not a problem, if you don't come back, we just won't operate on her. US: -Completely and utterly shocked as we had just left a piece of our heart with them, to be treated for a very bad case of a life threatening condition. We were still crying. Speechless. I really wanted to slap and strangle that insensitive, clueless person. Their 'only care about profit' attitude really angered me. We picked up our baby girl the next day, everything went great, her stitches were looking awesome but due to a massive amount of discharge that came out of her, dried pus was all over her hind parts. They just left her dirty like that. It had caused the long hair (maltipoo) on her rear to fuse to her body, her tail was covered with it too. They did not bother to give her some dignity and clean her up. They didn't even cover up the incision wound. For $1,500 the least they could do for her after her surgery is give her 15 min of TLC.We were mortified by the lack of simple compassion. We took her home, gently bathed her, removed all the fused hairs and trimmed her very well, applied Frankincense to her wound every day and wrapped her with gauze and wide elastic bandage covering her entire abdomen (the support of the tight elastic really helped her cope with the pain and emotional loss). The Frankincense is deep penetrating and accelerated the healing process leaving no visible scar at all. Again, I love this place, I love my Vets, they are great, I don't know of a better place in town and I have tried a lot of them but their lack for compassion is something left to be desired at times. Hope this helps. Cheers.
5	The staff at VCA Lake View is awesome!!!I have both a cat and a dog and they have been nothing but great to them and to me!!!Dr Lalor is so kind and gentle.  Love her demeanor and how she handled both of my girls!  Her knowledge is impeccable!!  Hollie and Carlos are awesome!  I think it definitely takes a certain person to deal with frantic pet parents along with the nervous and scared animals!!!Sheila - she's is beyond fabulous!!!  I feel great when she answers the phone, hundreds of clients, but she always makes me feel so comfortable, like she's known me for years!!!!!I love that they have discounted vaccinations!  It's 15 miles from my home, but worth it!!!!Thank you to the whole staff!!!M, D & P
5	I can't say enough about how excellent Dr. Barbier and her staff were with us and our 1  1/2 year old Max.  They were extremely loving and caring with Max (who was having multiple seizures) even though he was not previously a patient.  They were truly and sincerely empathetic and supportive with us while we had to make an extremely tough decision and were there for us through our difficult loss even though it went past their closing time.  Hayley was especially tender with us while we went through this very tough event.  I can't say thank you enough!
2	I could go on and on about this place but all I will say, is don't come here unless you are ready to spent $1000 per dog. They are a corporate company and are way overpriced. There are other vets in town that will not overcharge you and still give you the medical advice you need. So, just don't come here expecting a $10 shot to be $10 because guess what it's going to be $50.
