5	At last, I've found a Thai restaurant as good as those I remember from my old college town! Benjarong ROCKS.I came here with several coworkers for lunch, and we all ordered from the lunch special, which was $6.95 for a main dish and rice, a cup of lemongrass soup, a really good egg roll and two Thai wontons. Delicious. The only thing that disappointed was that the soup had meat in it -- and I'm a vegetarian. They didn't have a veggie choice.For my curry, I chose a green curry which came with pieces of fried tofu, crisp green beans, carrots, onions, bamboo and LOTS of basil. The green sauce it was swimming in was delicious. The quantity was huge, and we all took leftovers home.In perusing their full menu online, I noted that they have a lot of dishes not commonly found on Thai menus, from many different regions of Thailand. And they even offer a vegetarian version of massaman curry, which I haven't found elsewhere in the Valley. You can even order an entire fish, cooked Thai-style, if you want.I can't wait to come back here and try more of their choices.The one star deduction comes from the confusion at the time of payment. My friend gave her card, and the waitress (who was very friendly) came back and said it was declined. When my friend got back to work, she noticed that the money was deducted from her bank account anyway. The same friend said she had trouble with a credit card last time, too. Maybe it's just best to pay cash here?NOTE: After returning to Benjarong about a dozen times, the credit cards problems have disappeared, so I'm adding a fifth star...
5	Benjarong is my favorite Thai restaurant in the valley.  I live in downtown Phoenix and am walking distance from two very good Thai places and I still consider driving the 20 miles to Mesa just to eat there.  Fortunately, I work nearby Benjarong and usually eat there at least once per week.  The food is consistently fresh and made with quality ingredients.  The folks working there are always friendly.  The restaurant is always clean.  Their menu is extensive and everything I've had has been great.  If this place were not hidden in the corner of a non-descript strip mall, there would constantly be a line for a table.I've never had a single problem with my credit card (though, they don't take American Express) after at least 50 meals, so maybe Anandita's friend has problems with the card she uses there. If you're in the area, you must eat at Benjarong.
4	My husband and I were in Mesa to go to California Pools' office, and I wanted to try a place in the area that had good reviews. Thanks to Anandita and Ropryo's glowing reviews, we decided to try Bejarong and were definitely not disappointed. We love Wild Thaiger (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wild-thaiger-phoenix#hrid:zfCY37S7fV5Nuy_tn-8chg) and Malee's Thai Bistro (http://www.yelp.com/biz/malees-thai-bistro-at-desert-ridge-phoenix#hrid:f05UYWsJKAfrx5o5srSXCg) for upscale Thai in a trendy environment, but ever since we moved to Phoenix, we have been looking for that hole-in-the-wall, no-frills Thai spot. Benjarong was just that type of place. The server was really friendly and gave us big glasses of ice water almost immediately after we sat down. We ordered Pad Thai with chicken ($8.95) and red curry with beef  ($8.95) and were really happy with both dishes. Pad Thai tends to be overly sweet and/or peanuty, but this version had just a hint of all the right things (tamarind, peanut, fish sauce) and let the flavor of the rice noodles and perfectly cooked chicken breast shine through. We asked for it medium and the chef added real pieces of chili that were perfectly spread throughout the dish and added tons of great flavor. The curry was also delicious. We asked for it spicy, so there wasn't a ton of coconut flavor, which a lot of people expect, but the flavor was very authentic and robust. The beef was a little overdone, but the veggies and pineapple all tasted very fresh and were cooked perfectly. For a little over $20, we had an authentic, flavorful Thai meal and we left feeling very satisfied. We will definitely make the drive from South Phoenix to eat here again!
3	I was turned on to this restaurant by a friend who invited me there for lunch. The first time I went there I was so pleased by my experience. Not only did they have a good number of dishes you can choose from, there was also soup, pad thai and sweet potato won tons that you helped yourself to. A few months later, I went back and the small buffet was gone. Now they just gave you a bowl of soup and 2 of the wontons. I was so disappointed. For the rest of the meal, I found myself thinking about that first meal there and how great it was. I also noticed, upon closer examination, that many of the lunch dishes were simply Chinese dishes that were given a Thai sounding same. Aside from the curries, the rest of the lunch menu was the typical Chinese stir fry type of dish. I'm sure that they have more authentically Thai dishes for dinner, but just a heads up. Its probably still a great place to go for lunch, and even dinner, but since I've had the best they had to offer, this lessened, watered-down version is no longer appealing to me.
3	When my sister was visiting a month or so ago, she was craving authentic, cheap Thai from a place that features a lunch special. I hadn't tried Swaddee or Thai Lahna yet, so I decided to take her to Benjarong, where my husband and I had had a pretty good experience the first time. Well, on my second visit, one thing was better - the prices. The lunch specials were only $5.95 and included a delicious little chicken in coconut broth soup and an egg roll. However, I have to say the food was not as great as I remembered it being. Maybe it's just that Swaddee and Thai Lahna have such flavorful and authentic main dishes, or maybe the chef was having an off day, but my sister and I found both of our dishes (curry and Pad See Ew) to be pretty bland and really greasy. We both left feeling a little full and kind of gross. I still think that this is a good spot for cheap, decent Thai if you're in Mesa, but I wouldn't make the drive for it after our second experience.
4	Very good Thai food at a great price!We tried the pad thai and the red curry.  Both were excellent.  Yeah, it is a hole in the wall and they will never be known for their decor, but I'm not a snob when it comes to yummy food.  It is clean, the service is great and the food is authentically delicious!
5	Excellent!!Absolutely wonderful quality and consistency. The "Jungle Princess", while pretty rich overall, is one of the best Thai dishes I have ever had. The Pad Thai is very good, of course, and the curries are great. All of the dishes I've had are full of authentic ingredients and downright sexy to look at; decoratively cut vegetables and seafood, big gorgeous Thai Basil leaves, real Kaffir lime wedges, and sassy cuts of fresh lemongrass. I ALWAYS feel great after eating this stuff- there's just something right about it.I can't imagine nit-picking what they offer, particularly for the price.We get carry-out from them routinely, and the ghetto delivery pizza & 6 wings you can get for about the same amount of money can't even be compared.
5	Healthy Authentic Thai Food at a great price!!!The new vegetarian menu is a big plus.  It's my new favorite restaurant!  Every time I go there, the owner introduces me to one of her new dishes, so I don't just order sweet & sour every time.....For groups that buy four entrees, they get the 5th entree free or a free appetizer.
4	I fell in love with this place. Great Thai food, cheesy atmosphere and super friendly service. But I went again about two weeks ago and the management has changed. The food was the same, but I ate my Massaman sadly.  I hope it doesn't change too much.
5	Dear Benjarong,We still love you.PLEEEEEASE move to Downtown Mesa!!
3	This afternoon, I found myself in the Mesa Bookmans, waiting in an enormous line for my trades (and my friend's numerous boxes of trades) to be picked through by the discerning staff. I was absatively posolutely craving Thai food. I whipped out my shiny new iPhone, launched the Yelp app and discovered Benjarong Thai Restaurant was the closest Thai food establishment to where I happened to be standing.One painfully long hour later, my friend and I were in the parking lot, walking past the church next door where hymns were being sung (loudly) and I had a moment of panic, realizing it was Sunday and hoping that we were lucky enough to choose a place open Sundays. Thankfully, there was a big sign in the window that said "Open Sunday for Father's Day". Apparently, they're usually closed on Sundays (as are most Thai restaurants in my experience). There was much rejoicing.The restaurant appeared clean, the staff was very friendly, and, as the place was mostly empty at the time, we had our food a few minutes after orderings. I had the thai fried rice and my friend had the pad thai. In retrospect, I should have gone for the pad thai, as the fried rice was merely average. We both ordered our food "HOT", but were given what I describe as "Hot for Americans", i.e. we both found it necessary to add more spice (which was thankfully readily available).I'll probably go back to Benjarong Thai eventually (perhaps next time I find myself in Bookmans with a hankering for Thai food), but I didn't see (or taste) anything that would cause me to make a special trip out of Mesa. I much prefer Thai Lahna (in Phoenix) and Thai Elephant (in Tempe).
2	I went to Benjarong today to meet up with a friend for dinner. I was excited at the opportunity to try another Thai place. This may sound completely odd, but the year and a half I spent in Detroit really increased my Thai snobbery. It's been hard finding a great Thai place here. The restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall next to a church. The sign is hard to see from the road and I went past it the first time and almost missed it the 2nd time too. However, the inside is very cut and cozy. It's not very large and has a warm and inviting feel. For an appetizer we had crispy spring rolls, which were pretty much your average spring roll. Not too bad, but nothing fancy or exceptionally spectacular either.For dinner I decided to try their version of Evil Jungle Princess with medium spice as I usually get. Typically medium ranges from tolerable to almost not tolerable. This time it tasted like they had put absolutely no spice in at all. It wasn't bad and I did bring the rest home to hav tomorrow, but it's not nearly as flavorful as other Thai places I have been to in the past. The service is good and the prices are very reasonable. They also have an extensive menu. However, the Thai was too Americanized for me.
5	A diamond in the rough!  Mesa is not exactly an ethnic restaurant hot spot.  It is really hard to find anything decent, so when I heard about Benjarong, I went with high hopes.  It is hidden in a plaza, and I like to go during lunch since they always have specials.  They serve soup and a wonton and a spring roll first.  Then, your entree quickly follows.  The portions are perfect.  I always east it all without feeling too stuffed.  The servers are always friendly.
3	This place has been closed for years now.  Time to report it.  I like the place that went in next, Mango Thai, but it's gone too.  With all the motels around somebody needs to open here again.  Maybe a breakfast place!
