5	Stopped in for a VIP preview of CRAFT last night and I couldn't be happier to welcome this little gem to the neighborhood. It's located just off Morehead on S. Church behind Unknown Brewing - certainly a booming area of town and convenient to almost everything.The focus will be on craft beer (go figure) and locally sourced meats and cheeses. They have a large bar with maybe 30 or so beers on tap - a huge selection of local and regional breweries - and a few tables. Meeting friends for a drink and bite after work? CRAFT's your place to go. Want to fill up a growler with your favorite local brew? CRAFT's your place to go. Need to write a paper for class? CRAFT's your place to go. Think: Good Bottle Co. meets Common Market.The space itself boasts original brick, exposes beams, natural lighting, and aged piping. The seating features those ubiquitous metal tabouret chairs and stools - yes the uncomfortable one's every new restaurant seems to have. They also have an outdoor biergarten with several picnic benches. The only thing that seemed iffy to me was parking. There is a small lot out front that was unclear whether or not could accommodate cars. Keep in mind there are still kinks to work out with a place so new.Best part? It's locally owned by an adorable beer-loving, ambitious couple who somehow pumped this place out with four children ages 6 months to 10. Now that's impressive!
5	I am over the moon about Craft opening! I stopped in last night for their opening night and WOW was I impressed at the beautiful job they have done with this space! The best way to describe this place is Common Market and Good Bottle Co had a baby and she is perfect. Ambiance and Decor - The building is brick painted white, their great logo in black on the front and then market lights are over the biergarten with about 8 picnic tables. The look is fresh, clean and inviting, we all couldn't help but snap a photo. Once you enter you are greeted by a U-shaped bar with the first portion dedicated to their food menu, the main portion dedicated to their 36 beers on tap and seating wraps around the rest of the bar. Food - Since it was opening night we didn't get a chance to try their food and trust me, we were DYING to get a charcuterie platter. The menu is simple, charcuterie platters, flatbread sandwiches and flatbread pizza. They also have a deli display of local cheeses and meats from around NC which I can't wait to dive into. The flatbread sandwiches have savory and sweet options (I am pretty sure the Nutella with banana will be a huge hit). There is a grocery type section with a variety of local treats and I wanted to take each and every one of them home. I could see myself stopping in to pick up a growler and some treats for a great gift basket. Beer - There are 36 beers on tap and half of those are dedicated to local brews. You can enjoy your beers in the biergarten or inside at one of their wooden tables, there is plenty of room to sit! If you want to back beers up and take them home you can have growlers filled or select from their shelves of bottles ready to go. Bottom Line: You should check out Craft. They are a fantastic addition to the neighborhood and I can not wait to spend more time here (especially when the new wine and dessert spot opens up next door. Yes please!)
5	Love this place. A much needed addition to the neighborhood. Huge beer selection, great food, attentive, knowledgeable staff and a great, laid-back atmosphere. Very affordable pricing plus a great interior and exterior space. I plan on becoming a regular here - you seriously need to try it.
4	What we have here is a good business approach to the beer loving crowd.  Multiple taps of craft beer and not just craft but DIVERSE craft beer.  I don't need 40 taps and 30 of them be IPAs.  I like creative beers.Additionally, the food looked amazing and will have to try on my next visit.  Local cheeses, flat bread pizzas, etc.I love the idea you can get a pint, a growler, some food AND some bottles to take home all under the same roof.The seating area isn't huge but it is ample.  There is an outdoor patio but from what I could tell it was a bit on the small side.  The interiors are raw and rustic much like the current trend everywhere which is fine. The parking is a little tough and the location is hard to find for first timers.
5	So look no furtherI am from  north of France next to Belgium Don't look any further for beer ( craft beer)This place has it all Great service devon will help youGreat atmosphereGreat combination with beer ( fromage de chevre with beer is a hit) only chef know about itBest craft beer bar in Charlotte so far
5	This place actually gets it. Small enough to be a comfortable atmosphere but big enough to have a lot of great beers on tap. I'm a white wheat kind of guy and loved the beer Dan picked out. Great place check it out!
5	Love this spot. Great quiet place to meet with friends. The margarita flat bread is amazing and the flights are a must. The servers are so friendly and very helpful. This is Southend's best kept secret, so don't tell anyone! :)
4	GREAT beer (on tap) selectionGREAT beer (singles) selection My salad was REALLY tastyThe vibe was cool. Love the metal shelves and wood.And everything is priced wellHowever...The two employees were extremely laid back and my group didn't feel welcomed by them. We almost felt like we weren't wanted. The cook wasn't very professional with his presentation and the bartender was sarcastic and a bit condescendingDon't want anyone to get in trouble, but I really like this place and want to come back with friends.
