3	McDonald's right off the Interstate. This one has a very small and tight corner for the drive-through so I really wouldn't recommend it for larger vehicles. I spent a bit of time here because it's really handy for free wifi when you're traveling or waiting for AT&T to pull their thumb out and get you set up. It's also fun to watch the flow of traffic coming and going - yard workers, families moving, office workers picking up the lunch orders for their coworkers - all sorts.
4	(This is for the drive-thru only - in the 13 years I have been going to this location, I have never stepped inside).  I work in the area and this is one of the very few drive-thru restaurants in the area.  They remodeled not too long ago to the new McD's footprint of a double drive-thru.It's McD's - Big Macs, Nuggets, shakes, etc.  If I go, I generally go for a sausage and cheese biscuit with a Mocha Frappe for breakfast or a quick #1 (Big Mac meal) for lunch.  During the holidays, I did make some special trips for Eggnog milkshakes.  (my relationship with eggnog runs deep and strong - and their milkshakes are very good, though a little inconsistent in taste/quality).  Miss Cora in the drive thru is always a delight - my order is always right and fresh/hot.  The wait in the drive-thru line can be a bit long during peak lunch hours and the parking lot can be a bit of a nightmare, but any fast food place at noon can be a time tester.  Solid McD's location.
2	Mrrf.
5	It's been a long time since the Mr. and Mrs. last ate at McD's due to falling quality, indifferent service, and unhygienic appearance of other McD stores. Tonight as the Mr. and Mrs. were out and about, the 413 Tyvola Rd, Charlotte NC, store was the closest eatery on our route.  We hesitantly decided to dine there. When the Mrs. informed Kayla at the register that this was our first time at their store and that we had had unpleasant food experiences at other McD's, she took ownership of our present order.  She asked us what we wanted and how we wanted it.  She made sure everything was fresh and tasty.  Wow!  We were so happy with Kayla's excellent customer service and the tasty meals.  The Mrs. would like to say that the store was neat and tidy, as was the women's restroom.Thanks to Kayla for being so accommodating and for making this experience at this McD so pleasant!This might have been a 4-star review, but Kayla's intervention in our food preparation certainly merits that 5th star.The Mrs. recommends this locale only.
4	Its always hit or miss. And even though its McDonald's it always brings out childhood memories. This is a smaller McDonald's. Seating is limited.
