5	Another beautiful riverfront park that once was the site of J&L Steel. The park runs along the Monogahela River and is also the site of the only public boat ramp in this city. Great place for walks and bike rides, a bike trail runs right along the park's path.
5	Great running trail! I can't believe it took me almost 2 years to check this place out. Since its along the river you get a nice breeze as you are running....lots of friendly ducks and geese chillin' all around as well. This park makes me want to come to the South Side again, which I usually avoid due to the drunken scene often found on East Carson. I may even go the extra mile and buy a boat, as there are places to dock it. Well, maybe not but still cool nontheless.
5	This is such a beautiful park in an area that I would have never expected to find one.  It is back off of the busy and crazy south side streets, but the environment is anything but crazy.  It is peaceful, beautiful, and full of walkers, bikers, and dog lovers.  Like I said, beautiful park, and if you live in this area, you will have to check it out!
4	While enjoying a nice run along both sides of the river, I passed through this park.  It's definitely a nice place for a run (not hemmed in by prisons and highways like the path on the other side).The paths are wide and there are benches and sculptures to sit on and see, respectively.  During my afternoon run I saw a lot of people walking their dogs and enjoying the views of the river.  It looks like they are still doing some work on it and some parts of the path were not as even as I would like, but they really did a nice job here.
5	Nice little park!  The dog park here is great - people are respectful, but just be cautious that it can get really muddy and there are mostly medium to large dogs playing there.  If I had a small dog I might not take it in.  Lots of easy parking, and some really nice views of the river.
5	I just moved to the area and live near this park. I was actually surprised to find a little park right here in South Side. I love the river front trail. it's very quaint & peaceful here for it being South Side, lol. I'm very lucky to have this within walking distance.
