4	I had a vegetarian bagel here this morning: Hummus and veggies. It was good. Not much to be said for bagels, although I know there are those who are quite picky. For me, the hummus alternative is enough as long the bagels are good (which IMHO, it was).The other nice feature about Brueggers is that they provide free wifi. It's evening now, the bagel store is closed, and I'm sitting in the Starbucks next door using the free Brueggers wifi rather than the paid Starbucks/T-Mobile. Thanks, Brueggers!
4	Stopped in for a quick breakfast yesterday.  Line was long but moved along quickly.  It was very crowded, but not overwhelming.  At 11am they were still serving breakfast, but also had the lunch menu available.  All the staff was friendly, efficient, and helpful.  They had more of a variety and larger containers of juice than my local Bruegger's does.  I got my usual sausage, egg, and cheese on a blueberry bagel.  Very good!  Plenty of Christmas cheer in terms of decor and special gifts available.  If I lived nearby I'd go there again.  :)
2	I came into a wealth of free bagel & cream cheese bagel coupons, so I finally got a chance to check this place out.  I'm usually not big on chain bagels, but I'm not going to turn down a free meal either.  I tried to go once before but they close at 5pm on Sundays.  The sign on the door is lightly confusing since it used to read 6 but the bottom left-hand corner of the 6 was obfuscated in order to make it appear as though it was a 5. I finally made it last week and had a whole wheat bagel with jalapeno cream cheese.  The bagel was on par with the standard bagel you can get out of a bag at the supermarket.  The jalapeno cheese was delicious and the highpoint of the meal. The people working there were friendly and accommodating.  The main hangup was that the worker didn't offer to toast my bagel and, me thinking this would be standard didn't ask, left me with a pretty difficult to eat bagel.  After I took one bite I really needed my water to wash down the dense bagel.  In NYC you could probably eat untoasted bagels since they are really light and fluffy, but this one was a bit tough to swallow.I feel a conflict of interest when giving them only 2 stars since my bagel was free, but it'll have to remain at 2 until I get my next bagel (also gratis) before the coupon expires.
4	Being from New York, I grew up on bagel's similar to how many southerners grew up on biscuits.  So, I was more than relieved to discover that this Bruegger's was in the area and not far from my residence.  Though I've had their bagel lunch sandwiches on many occasions, lately I seem to get there in the morning hours for breakfast - especially on the weekends.  I usually go with the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on a bagel of my choosing  Their bagels are all good to me, so I usually make my decision based upon what is hot at that particular time - just look for the signs on the bagel bins. It has been my experience that a slight crowd can develop here later in the mornings usually between 10 - 11am, so I usually try to get there before then.  But even if you get stuck in a bit of rush - no worries!  The attendants are usually very prompt in their service and get you in and out as quickly as possible.  There is plenty of parking in the plaza and as another reviewer has stated, once upon a time they had free wi-fi though I do not know if this is still the case. If you live anywhere in north Charlotte or near the University Area, I really do not know where you are going to find a better bagel option than Bruegger's.  If you are an implanted northerner as many of us are, and you suddenly have a craving for a taste of home, Bruegger's is definitely a viable option.
4	I Have nothing but lovely things to say about Bruegger's and the team of people that work at my 'go to bagel shop'. The bagels are fresh and they usually have hot bagels right out of the oven and a wide variety to choose from. I usually don't stray away from my personal favorite everything bagel with an odd combination of two cream cheeses.The light garden veggie and lox cream cheese are both delish. If you're looking for something different you  try the jalapeno cream cheese. Everyone from Mary who usually rings me up to the guys who make the bagels.I like the different types of bagels and spreads. The place is always clean and there are a few tables and booths. Whenever I'm craving a carb-filled breakfast on the run I grab a bagel and my day starts off well!  $2.50 for a cream cheese bagel, my coffee is more!
5	I have been coming to this location for years and the EVERYTIME it has been amazing. The people are always amazing and friendly.The people that work at this location are truly amazing and for that I am thankful. Always there to help you if you have questions about the process I bought the sausage - egg and cheese on a toasted plain bagel (definitely suggest)and their orange juice...refreshingBeing from New York, this place is the best place to get a Norther quality breakfast Their entire menu is great on the run or to eat in. Especially in the morning it can get busy but the line moves quickly since everyone knows exactly what to do.When I want to eat out for a great breakfast that is good for you, this is the place that I go.-Wally
4	Best bagel breakfast I ever had
3	Excellent customer service, but the breakfast I had was disgusting. The manager was super funny and really sweet. I just had to sit down and eat the whole thing. The egg kind of tasted like rubber, the cheese was pretty gross, and the bagel had my breath smelling like garlic until I went home from work and got the chance to brush my teeth.
5	So tasty! They recommended a bagel for me that is beyond wonderful. Fantastic customer customer service, delicious food and great coffee!! Wonderful experience. Hope to come back soon
