4	Like this location, fairly close to my house and open late. Whenever I'm in the mood for some fresh dogs, I jet over here. Highly  recommend their  ALL BEEF mustard and chili dogs. Check out the fries too, super salty, always fresh and leave you wanting more! Not a big fan of their pretzel or corn dogs- expect a little bit of wait, perfect hot dogs don't take minutes to make!
1	Blech. How can you mess up a turkey dog? I could've nuked mine at home and it would've tasted better than this. I won't be back. Also, I ordered a meal in the drive through and they forgot the fries.
2	Hotdogs were no better, in fact worse, than would come out of my microwave.  What a total and complete waste of my time going all the way out here.  Bought a groupon, as I love hotdogs.  Won't be making another trip here, that's for sure.
5	Been here multiple times.  Food and service are consistent and friendly.  Excellent.
3	Good hot dogs if you absolutely have no other clue as to what you wanna eat for dinner. The hotdogs are tiny so you'll need to buy 3 to get full. The fries are ok, and they put mustard in every hotdog unless you tell them no. My husband likes this place, I tolerate it. Wouldn't come here on my own. Lol
2	I dropped by the drive-thru on South Higley, remembering a blast from the past during my Navy days and eating some Der Wienerschnitzel on Rosecrans Blvd. by NTC, thinking I was going to be in for a treat.  I thought wrong!  It was over-priced, and that sandwich was just really small.  The food just wasn't all that good.The service was fine and timely, it wasn't until I arrived at my destination that I learned that once again I had been boofed in the drive-thru.  No hurry going back!Perhaps if I really start jonesing for some chili dogs I might come back, but I'd really have to be craving them.
2	It's junk food what do you expect! I don't eat there much when I do in only really like there mini corn dogs. The reason they get 2 stars is cause it takes them 10 mins for a drive through order that is with no one ahead of you.
