1	This place is usually dirty, very small, bad selection, crowded, and slow. I don't go there.
2	This is literally the closets retailer to my house so I'm in here probably once a week. I pretty much go there to buy a few necessities and a 12 pack of soda or what have you and pretty much every time I leave hating that place even more. First off, the parking lot is a total clusterf*ck. The front of that store is a damn near death trap. There's always a ton of people trying to cross the one lane in front of the store that's barely two cars wide. Then you always have cart collectors pushing carts everywhere and even if they have full time cart gatherers, there's always carts EVERYWHERE!    I think this is the oldest and smallest Wal-Mart in Las Vegas and it pretty much shows. I think the population has since exploded from the time this place opened to now, and this store is not equipped for it. Plus this area is pretty ghetto and there's always a few bums standing in front of the store asking for change and there's always that one family with 5 kids that make going to Wal-Mart a field trip and clog up the already congested aisles.     The selection here is pretty basic. They don't have a full grocery section so you're pretty much left with all packaged stuff like chips, sodas, breads, canned stuff and cereals. The electronics section is pretty basic also. The got a wall of tvs, a small case of 3 laptops they might be stocking, three or four cases for the games, one aisle of dvds, and they don't seem to have a designated blu-ray section. The only Blu-Rays are usually in a display stand outside of the electronic section. Clothing, men's clothing to be exact, is pretty bad. They pretty much have a few basics like khakis, polo shirts, and some athletic stuff but that's pretty much it. I remember I wanted to buy some wife beaters once and I went to the section and couldn't figure out whether or not they even carried them. I remember it looked like there was some Haynes display and they broke that down and just threw them on a shelf with no prices or anything.     I usually try to go to the self-checkout when I'm there but those usually take as long as going to a regular line. It usually because people freakin' try to ring up 75 items at the damn self-check, and half the time people don't know how to use the damn machine.    Customer service is non-existent, but it's Wal-Mart and you should expect that by now. If you want to go to a Wal-Mart, go to any one but this one. Really, the only people that go to this one are people that live near by it like myself.
1	I've never seen anything more ghetto in my life. Walmart is already disgusting, well times that by 3.6 million and you have the Nellis location. iky
2	I don't like this one much- it's too crowded- it's even worse in the parking lot; good luck finding a space. The lines inside are pretty long, even with many stations open. When I used to live in the area a long time ago, it wasn't as ghetto, but it's clearly there now. I dislike going to this one but my MIL lives in the sunrise area and sometimes we will come here for something out of convenience.
3	First and foremost, Wal Mart is the place to be when there are those nights where you have nothing to do, and you are thinking of somewhere to go and something to snack on.  The Wal Mart on this side of town though, is open 24 hours, but I dislike the whole parking lot situation! The lot is not at all organized, and there are not any stop signs where there needs to be! People zoom in and out of here, so if you are ever dying to go on a whimsical trip to Wal Mart on Nellis, please proceed with caution!
3	The 3 stars are for Walmart stores, this location however gets 2 stars. It's not so much the location of the store but some of the customers it brings in....some very interesting characters which wouldn't surprise me to be found on peopleofwalmart.com.
1	NOTE**This review is only for the Pharmacy.Been here to this pharmacy a couple of times because it's closer to my house when i needed it. I always get the same rude customer service with pharmacy technicians. One time i was here, my bf dropped his prescription for his eyes that needs to be taken non-stop daily. The pharmtechs told us to come back the next day after they call us.So we actually received 3 calls from them telling us to come back and pick the medicines up.So we came back the same day we received the calls only to find out that their pharmacy's computer system was down. And waited a good hour and it wasn't fixed still. We had to go because my bf has to work.We went back the next day to finally pick it up at exactly 9am (pharmacy opens) and they were still closed. There was a long line waiting for them and they opened 10min after. Guess what?! It wasn't ready yet!! And then their bitchy pharmtech girl was staring at us with a WTF look and said "well you gotta talk to the pharmacist, there's nothing we can do about it." Well she needs to figure it out. She is totally LACKING customer service. It was early in the morning and she was trying to ruin it. What if i had a heart problem and i need my medication right away?! Gah. This place is giving us too much hassle. DEF NOT GOING BACK HERE, and i don't recommend it to people too.
3	Well is Walmart lol.  Is a good place if I need something fast and cheap.  Compare to Kmart or Target Walmart has to be the place place to come and buy great things for less.  I know sometimes places like Target will have good stuff but why pay more.  The more I save, the more I will have to enjoy a good night and get drunk lol.  I approve this message
1	I called to ask if they had a t.v. Available. They put me on hold for a hour. I called back 20 minutes ago and since then they've been busy.
1	Ok.  I get it. They are making improvements. There are super walmarts 5 miles in either direction north and south down Nellis. This store is entirely un-shop able during this process. Walmart should stop being so greedy, shut this location down, do the needed work and then re-open. Much less, they are jack-hammering at 4 am that shakes the neighboring community. Very disappointed in a world wide supposedly community conscious entity.
1	Where to start? The begging homeless outside, the screaming kids, or the over crowding at the registers?The begging homeless are a group who form a business and beg all over town. The kids well their parents are too busy shopping and lose their kids a lot. You see them screaming alone a lot. The registers are lines long, ask for one to be opened and you get ignored. They have revamped the store. Still I only come when I have to cause I'm too tired to deal with traffic. Yes I'd rather go someplace else first.
1	Doesn't even deserve 1 star. Dirty store, the most Ghetto, worst customer service including management, aisles always blocked at night so customers can't walk through loud vulgar employees yelling through the store. More people begging in parking lot than customers. Products never labeled correctly. Never enough cashiers or employees at customer service desk.
1	This will probably be my shortest review. There is not much to say though. The store is well stocked and that is about the most positive thing I can say to account for the 1 star. The staff is rude and I don't think anyone here including the employes can pass a drug test, that is all! If it wasn't for a mop I had to pick up from the "on-site to store" I would never step foot here again!!!
1	Only come here in the morning and get out quick. Because it becomes a war zone here very quickly. As the sun goes down the freaks and ghouls come out until it gets night where its the worst of the worst.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. There is always a long long line to check out . Place is a constant zoo unless you're there at 6am. Pharmacy customer service is horrible! Also if you bring your kids , look out for all the people that drive around in the scooter carts, they apparently think they own the store
1	If I could give zero stars I would unfortunately this website doesn't allow me to. I came to Walmart which I hate shopping at Walmart in the first place because my wife currently bought a Xbox one for our child child at the last minute he preferred to have a PlayStation 4 which is okay I have my receipt I figured I just go back to Walmart and exchange it. Wrong the day before Christmas eve today I came into Walmart unfortunately I locked my keys in my truck on accident of course. Took about two hours before the locksmiths got to me unlock my vehicle which is amazing and great service from the locksmith not Walmart. Came to Walmart to get my exchange unfortunately the supervisor on staff a Filipino looking lady extremely rude told me that I could not exchange because it was 10 o'clock and they were closed at the return and exchange department what the hell is wrong with people. it's the holidays how could you not keep the place open for returns and exchanges at any moment point in time. By far this is the worst Walmart to go to. I strongly suggest anyone trying to buy anything to refrain from using Walmart at all . shop somewhere else you're save yourself a bunch of bullshit . And as I have seen this Walmart has horrible reviews I wonder why.
