5	This wasn't your average gas pump/convenience store! What a surprise to walk into QT in Tempe and feel like it was a peek into America's future concept! I've been saying for years how I wished we were a nation of tea lovers instead of coffee fanatics......Well, it's Teatime @ Quick Trip! Pineapple, Passion Fruit, Tropical, Berry......all in sweetened or unsweetened and all at the fountain in hot or cold.This place takes the cake - and they have that, too....fresh donuts, pastries, hot roller grill items that are obviously rotated well!
4	I have to say I really like Quik Trips for Gasoline needs. They are usally always cheaper than the other local stations for starters.It is clean, inside and outside, and the peeps that work there work really hard/ They are always friendly and helpful.They keep the food and drink area nice and clean.What I don't like is the last few times I was there ,I am always being asked for $$ by pan handlers. This is not the fault of the station. I am just so sick of people asking me for money.
5	I freaking love QuikTrip! This new prototype they is even better than the old awesome locations. This new location has plenty of parking in the front and on the sides with front and side entrances as well so you're always near a door. They split the drinks up on two sides with tea snd coffee on one side and sodas and frozen drinks on the other with fresh prepared foods in the middle. Unlike the old locations, this one also has a smoothie bar where they make fresh drinks or ice cream treats for you as well as pretzels made to order and more pastries and donuts than I've seen before. And of course they have the standard QT quick checkout, never anyone waiting more than a few seconds. Seriously it's amzing to watch on of those guys to ring up three people at once. It's why I'll never go anywhere again for gas or c-store needs. Check this QT out, I gurantee you'll love it!
5	I stop into between one and three Quiktrips every day.  These places are amazing, and run exceptionally well.  There is never a bad thing to say about anything here, and their prices are competitive.
4	The only time I come to QT to fill up is when there's no other gas stations in the area where I'm going.  I love how all or most of the QT stores are save heaven where kids can be left here with store employees if there's any safety issues, not quiet sure how that work.
5	I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed because I don't know how to start my review....do I just profess my love in general? Admit that I am addicted to the energy drink, Rooster Booster, that they keep on tap?  The thing that really separates QT from other gas stations is their delightful array of slushi drinks. They have more flavors than Circle K and Seven Eleven combined. I like to use a slushi drink in replace of ice...so, white cherry slushi + coke = cherry coke.  You can get crazy with it, add watermelon to Sprite, and pina colada to Rooster Booster.  You can try doing this at Seven Eleven, with their sub-par slushies, but I can guarantee you that the dude behind the register will stare you down until you break into a cold sweat, and three video cameras will zoom in on your every move.  If you want slushy at Seven Eleven, you must pay for slushi!But not at Quick Trip...they invite you to mix their slushies with your soda.  Their commercials even encourage it.  THANK YOU QUICK TRIP, for challenging my creativity and ingenuity.So now that I provided that crucial background information, it is time to reveal what makes this particular QT so particularly amazing.Are you ready?THEY HAVE 22 FLAVORS OF SLUSHI.There are three different blue flavors, eight red/pink flavors and multiple neon flavors.They even have a sugar-free flavor, so if your digestive track can handle sugar-free stuff, you can drink these every day and call it a diet.  WINNING!And if your slushi-soda combination creates a reaction and your cup overflows, do not fear...according to the QT worker today, "it happens all the time."  And that is probably why he appeared out of thin air before I even realized that my cup was combusting.  He came with paper towels, a smile, and a floor cleaning machine. You just have to love a place that never has sticky floors.
5	Somehow in the midst of my excitement over the abnormally high number of slushy flavors, every time I go to this QT gas station, I somehow overlooked the thing in the middle.  IT IS A WHIPPED TOPPING MACHINE.  Who would ever expect a whipped topping machine in the middle of a wall of slushies? I almost thought I was dreaming. On the machine it says, "Add whipped topping to your favorite frozen or hot drink."  I assume that since the machine is smack dab in the middle of the wall of slush, that "favorite frozen drink" refers to slushy.  I never thought that I would see the day that putting whipped topping on a slushy would not only be deemed appropriate, but even be encouraged. This QT gas station is clearly one (or 100) steps ahead of the game and I hope that all other QTs (and circle Ks and 7Elevens) follow their lead. So, the curious reader is probably wondering, "how does whipped topping on a slushy taste?"   Let me just say: why eat a popsicle when you can eat a creamsicle?I  now realize that a slushy without whipped topping is like a cake without icing or a raisin without chocolate.  The machine is a little loud, do not let this scare you.  It also is a little slow, so you must be patient as you wait for your whipped topping to drop.Aside from the screen that says "Push Here for Whipped Topping," there are no instructions, but do practice caution when mixing the whipped topping on soda.  Yes, you can put it in soda...it's not as weird as it sounds, think of rootbeer floats, or the more obvious, cream soda.  Unfortunately, the whipped topping seems to trigger a volcanic effect when added to soda so make sure you leave a good 2-3 inches in your cup to prepare yourself.  Even if you quickly put a lid on it, the increased carbonation will fizz right through the straw hole.  My husband foolishly waited in the car for me while I ran in to buy (aka "create") his fountain drink and unbeknownst to him, I added whipped topping, which continued to fizz through the straw hole for quite some time.   If this does happen to you, just try to not make any sharp turns while you drive.  It will be messy.
5	I didn't think it could be possible, that a gas station could be so amazing. This place is more than just the food for your car, this place is holy grail of convenience! Inside it is always sparkling clean and the staff are so friendly and quick. I don't think I've ever waited to check out with my delicious gas station finds longer than 2 minutes. What really gets me about this Mecca of sugary abundance is the tea wall and tacitos! They have the largest variety of freshly brewed tea, and I have to say the best mango black tea I've had. And the chicken tacitos... Can you say magic wand of glory. I will miss QT as they seem to be only out west. Keep it up you magical place!
4	Rarely do I seek out a particular gas station or convenience store. QT is the exception.I am fanatical about their iced tea, crushed ice, and dozens of drink options. There's a great selection of hot and cold breakfast items, sandwiches, snacks, and just about everything else shy of a full on grocery store. It's got exactly what I want from a "quick trip" to the gas station. The staff is always friendly and super fast at the register. Expect to be in and out in a flash... that is, if you don't plan to loiter around, like me.
5	Quik Trip is the Cadillac of convenience stores. Immaculately clean, brightly lit, and always a fast and friendly experience.I go out of my way to go to QT whenever possible, whether it's to gas up my ride or grab something to drink. They have the cleanest restrooms you'll find in a convenience store. For that reason alone, I'll frequently change into my training clothes there on the way to practice knowing the floors won't be filthy (unlike the restrooms at the track, yuck).The iced tea selection is ridiculous! Available in sweet and unsweet, I'm hooked to their unsweetened Pineapple Papaya and Mango flavors. And for .79 cents, you can't go wrong. Pretty much any convenience store junk munchies can be found (chips, roller grill, etc.), but QT steps it up a notch and has a full-fledged bakery for donuts, pastries, ice cream mixers, smoothies and coffee. Also, I have to say the assistant manager Joe C. kicks ass! The friendliest employee I've encountered at a QT, and that's saying a lot since they're all polite (in my experience at least). I stopped by last night for some tea after training. Hadn't been in for quite a while as we had to train in Chandler for a while until MCC reopened. This Dude remembered my name and what I was up to last I dropped in. Killer memory and great customer service! QT will never do you wrong!
