4	Family owned business. They are all so welcoming and hospitable. It's not some super fancy nail salon, more your typical neighborhood one with all the regulars. Keeps me coming back time after time
5	Pretty much all nail salons in Arizona are pretty similar. Feet soak, scrubbed then painted. Not alot of attention to callouses and rough skin  included with the base price which is kind of BS... but like I said, that seems to be the standard in AZ.What set this place apart for me is that she asked me WHY I was getting the pedi. I disclosed that I was departing shortly for a family trip to Hawaii and she suggested a FABULOUS festive nail idea.I have attached a photo of this master piece for your viewing enjoyment :)
4	Dropped in for a pedicure, a man did it, very nice job, reasonable price. A week later and it still looks like I just had it done. I will be back!
1	Despite all the bad reviews I read, I desperately needed a manicure and decided to come here. Big mistake.The guy that was doing my nails clearly had no idea what he was doing. I had just had a manicure the week before so I really didn't have a lot of cleaning up to do. The guy went cuticle crazy, kept pushing them as hard as he could it seemed. Then he clipped off part of my nail bed that didn't need to be, it absolutely killed and started bleeding profusely. To stop the blood, he put that blue liquid on it and then proceeded to rub as hard as he could with a paper towel, causing the cut to bleed even more. It didn't stop bleeding for the rest of the appointment, causing my manicure to have some blood mixed in with the nail color on the ring finger nail.Then the next day, I was washing dishing and the nail polish came off on 2 of my fingers. I had a gel manicure, it's supposed to last TWO weeks... it didn't even last a DAY!Never again. Do yourself a favor and do not visit this place. Spend your money somewhere that is worth it!
1	A NOTE TO THE OWNER:Your employee, the scrawny, balding man, should be fired. He was yelling at me and saying extremely rude things instead of fixing the nails to make the customer happy. I've never been treated this way by any company that I've ever done business with. I urge you to take a few moments to read about what happened from the customer's point of view, as I'm sure that you may hear about it but from a different light that is favorable to the scrawny, balding man.MY REVIEW: They shouldn't even get ONE STAR. The scrawny man with the receding hair that works there is the ultimate cause of this poor review.Sit back and enjoy this story...This was my very first time at this place and I was actually excited because the interior was pretty nice.I went in to touch up my gel polish and get a pedicure. I get French on both, and I've gotten it done enough times to know that the white part should not have BUBBLES or CRATERS in it! So I kindly asked him to fix the white part before we put it under the UV light again. So he did, and we put it under the light, when I took them out...there they were...craters, bubbles, missing white parts, streaks...(how do you post pics on here?) I swear it looked like I did it myself. He said it's supposed to look like that.Instead of fixing them, he yelled at me...I mean...he YELLED AT ME worse than my own father ever has. He was so rude, and the things he said to me were jaw dropping! I honestly was in shock and could not believe my ears! Now, I know that people say that there are two sides to every story, but I promise you that I wasn't happy with the white part and asked him to fix it and he flipped out and started taking it off! As a customer...I've never ever been talked to, oh I'm sorry, YELLED AT, like that in my entire life. I told him, "I've never been treated this way in my life. You're being very rude to a first time customer!" He said, "Ive never had a customer tell me how to do my job!"I said, I'm just asking you to fix the white, LOOK can't you see the dots? Does this honestly look okay to you?" Then he started to file it all offf.I was like "what are you doing, just fix the white!" He said, "No I'm gonna take it off and you can just leave"I said, "What? No, I came here to get my nails done and I just don't want the french white part to have bubbles or dots on it."He yelled, "I've been doing this 20 years, how old are you? (I don't know what my age has to do with it, but I suppose he was trying to say that he's been doing this longer than I've been living." (for the record I'm 28 and not an immature teenager bashing this place) Anyway, so the yelling at me continued and at this point I begin to yell back because I was not going to take the verbal abuse or mistreatment any longer. I've never experienced such an episode.He had the UV thing on my lap, I tried to hand it to him and I said please get this off of me, and he slid his seat away and was telling me to drop it so it can break! Seriously?! drop it?Then I said, "I want to talk to the owner of this place. You are so rude and should not be treating customers this way!"He YELLED at the top of his lungs like he wanted to hit me..."NO! YOU ARE NOT GOING TO TALK TO THE OWNER, YOU DEAL WITH ME I'M THE BOSS NOW!!" I was like WHAT IN THE WORLD IS YOUR PROBLEM? I just wanted you to fix the white part of my nails!Then he said, "pay for the pedicure and get out of here and we will be happy if you never come back!" (can you believe this guy!?)I don't know how this next part even happened (and this literally JUST HAPPENED) but he said he was going to call the cops, I was like good, please do, or better yet, I will. So the cops came. (yes, seriously)I told them and SHOWED them my hands of how poor of a job he did and the way he treated me. The cops obviously can't do anything about this situation so it was dumb even having them come. The guy didn't even have anything to say but, "She is trying to tell me how to do my job" It's like whatever happened to trying to get the nails like the customer likes them? Especially a new customer?Anyway, so I paid them for the pedicure and left with the nails you're about to see...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL. NOT EVEN IF THEY OFFER A FREE MANICURE AND PEDICURE. THEY DO A SLOPPY JOB.THEY ARE PURELY MEAN AND RUDE TO THEIR CUSTOMERS.The guy seriously yelled at me for at least 10 minutes, maybe more. I have never been so disrespected in my life.I was literally crying because of this man! If you were there, your ears would have perked up and you would have been so shocked to hear the things he was saying and THE WAY he was saying them.I don't think I'm even painting the picture of how evil he is as best as I could. I wish I could recall all of the insanely rude things that he lashed out at me with.Oh, and they don't take credit cards by the way...they have a lovely ATM machine for your convenience (please take note of my sarcasm)
1	I just found out that the scrawny, balding, little man is the owner!!! Wow! I remember asking him why they didn't take credit cards and he said it was because the owner didn't want to since it costs more. What a coward.I told my friend about my experience and she also had a horrifying experience there with the work they did and their customer service. I hope they go out of business for mistreating customers. How do they still have customers?By the way, when I got home and took a closer look at my pedicure...I realized that it looked like a 5 year old did that colors outside the lines.
4	After reading the reviews, I was very reluctant to go there, even though it is minutes from my home. I had an important engagement, & decided I just had to try it, despite the very negative comments.Glad I did. I do not go to a salon of any sort because I want to make friends, or really, even talk much, with the person working with me. I was fortunate to get "Alex", & was delighted that he did his job (mani/petti) with professionalism & serious attention to detail. My 20 nails look absolutely wonderful, & I WILL - definitely - go back.Thankfully, as I read those reviews, I realized that people who would stoop to a level of personally assaulting another human being in addition to using the pathetic expressions they used, could never be a reliable source of information for me.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this salon.  I have been going to For Nails Only for several months.  The people are very friendly and they make me feel welcome.  They do a quality job and don't rush through the work.  I always feel relaxed and happy when leaving.  Thank you!
3	So I was nervous to come here because some of the reviews are pretty bad but overall, I would say it's ok. The good: nice staff and they did a decent job with minimal upselling. The bad: used a power tool that you would use to prep nails for a full set to buff my nails. I HATE that. So bad for your nails. The odd: no music at all which is strange and the massage chairs have a very weird butt massager, I can't decide how I felt about it but trust me; you will notice. In the end, it's close to my house so I'll probably go back. It's not a bad nail salon but I wouldn't say it's fantastic.
1	If I could leave 0 stars I would. I went in for a simple polish change and had the worst experience I've ever had at a salon. A kid could have painted my nails better. Such a waste of money. I would never come back to this sad excuse for a nail salon
2	The quality of mani / pedi just wasn't there for me. My pedi looks sloppy and it dried looking matte and with bubbles instead of glossy. The person doing my pedi barely removed excess nail polish that was on my skin. The chairs are extremely comfortable but the service was fair. The men seemed very welcoming but some of the women did not seem very nice. Not sure it's worth the money.
1	I was so hopeful! Especially since it's in the same parking lot as TJMaxx!  I need a salon that I can come to regularly.I came in for a pedicure and once she couldn't talk me into more than the basic one, I got the least amount of attention. Especially when it came to scrubbing my calluses. Since I wasn't buying another $10 worth if callus remover she didn't scrub for more than literally 7 seconds per foot. I was wearing a long skirt that she actually let dangle in the water. Won't be back ;(
5	i went in for a shellac manicure and was truly impressed!  they have a great color selection and my nails were perfect for a whole month!  the staff was very nice and friendly!  would definitely come back the next time i'm in town!
1	OMG. One of THE WORST nail salons I have EVER been to. First off, I explained to my nail girl (forgot to get her name) twice what I wanted because she did not bring back the correct colors so she clearly did not understand. I got the response "I know" in an EXTREMELY rude tone. So I thought maybe she would get the other colors later. Nope. She started to paint all my nails the wrong color, so I stopped her and explained again. She did not apologize or anything. The ENTIRE time she was doing my nails she spoke to her co workers, all of whom were walking around the salon with no shoes on. Unprofessional? Secondly, the customer service over all was horrible. No one was friendly AT ALL. Lastly, MY NAILS LOOK HORRIBLE!!! There is nail polish all over my cuticles and sides of nails. The polish is uneven, and the design, even after showing her three times, was STILL DONE WRONG. Not sure how to attach a photo over wise I would. I will never go back here, even with the great coupons I have. If I could give this place zero stars I would.
1	Actually doesn't even deserve one star.  The whole time they asked if I wanted this and that extra.  I did give in and got $33 pedicure which includes callus remover.  I got home and my feet look exactly the same.  They also charged $3 for shiny buff which looks like CRAPPPPPPPP.  Oh and at the end my bill being $83 they tell me they need cash or check or I can use their ATM for $1 charge.  After a little while she then decides it is ok to use my card.  I am so disappointed with this place, especially taking my mom here for Mother's Day.  The one lady also had nerve to say that I should pay and I am rich.  WOW!!  Thankfully I am employed and am able to pay but cant imagine if I couldn't.  Anyway,  PLEASE PLEASE don't waste your time nor money here.  They can care less what your nails look like.
1	This is the worst place to come for a fill and gel Polish went there today and my nail Polish is already pealing
1	Don't go to this salon.  They not only did a terrible job but they were rude and charged a lot for the service they provided.  The place looked ok when you first walk in but once you sit in the chair you notice their trays are dirty and they don't use clean sterile tools.  The male tech that did my pedicure didn't speak English, didn't clean out the nail bed to prepare it to be painted and painted the nails getting the polish on the skin.  This place was a waste of time and money.  I'm very surprised the health department didn't shut them down yet
1	I know better than to not read reviews before I go into a business. However, I came here out of convenience when the normal salon I go to was closed. My pedicure was mediocre at best.  She was not meticulous in getting polish on the entire nail. She also did not clean up the skin where she had gotten polish on it close to the nail. I will definitely not be back. It's a nice facility with clean equipment, but the professionalism is not there for me.
