4	Love this place!  Food is fresh with flavor.   Drinks are refreshing.  Vegan and vegetarian menu has a solid selection.  Great decor, which gives a wonderful feel to the experience.
4	While driving home yesterday, I spotted a new place.  This place seemed to just POP up!  Went home and grabbed the wife for some healthy grub.  When we arrived we were greeted by a nice guy who introduced us to the menu and told us that the place just opened that afternoon.  He recommended a few things off of the menu and we went up to order.At the counter, I ordered the steak, tomatoes, and potatoes and my wife ordered the veggie burger.  There were a few hiccups at the counter, but that could be expected being a brand new restaurant.  No worries for us.  The waitress told us that there was an "grand opening party" going on and that we could sit anywhere we could find a seat.  The steak, tomatoes, and potatoes and the veggie burger were great.  Saying all that, there was one issue, the restaurant was incredibly hot, and probably because the there were so many people there.  The food was delicious, so it made up for it.  Near the end of the meal, a waitress asked if we wanted dessert.  We had the chocolate cookie, which was warm and delicious.Greeters - 5 StarsWait staff/counter - 3 Stars (new girl in a new restaurant)Food - 4 StarsDessert - 4 StarsAmbiance - 2 Stars (because of the heat)Pricing - $$Overall - 4 Stars (Lyfe Kitchen could easily be 5 stars)
2	All the food I tried was disappointing and flavorless. I ordered the dish they are "known for" the unfried chicken and the chicken penne. Because the unfried chicken is placed on top of the cashew cream it was slightly soggy. The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked. The chicken penne was even more bland than the unfried chicken. The presentation was sloppy and unappetizing. I was surprised the sauce was advertised as a cream sauce because it was watery. The vegetables were all different sizes which makes me question the knife skills of the prep cook. The pasta was so over cooked that I had trouble picking it up with my fork.Overall, the food here is poorly executed and under seasoned.
1	Unfortunately, I will not be able to rate the food as I was not able to taste it. I drove by this restaurant and unsure of the hours, checked the website as it was nearing 9:00pm. The website did not list the closing hours, just the opening date and time. As this is a new restaurant, I thought it would be worth checking out. I walked in the doors at 9:02pm and noticed that it was still quite busy with many tables seated. The gentlemen at the counter advised that the restaurant closed at 9:00pm. I mentioned that I checked the website and the also that the door did not list the closing hours, just the opening time. His response was to recite the opening and closing hours for the remainder of the week. I asked if I could just order a salad to go and I wouldn't require anything to be cooked. He proceeded to tell me that the kitchen had actually closed early and they couldn't make anything......further contradicting his statement of a 9:00pm closing time. He then asked if I would like to take a to go menu? I didn't want a to go menu, I just wanted a bed of lettuce and dressing, which apparently is as difficult to accommodate for a new business as a clearly stated closing time. I won't be back.
2	stopped in the minute I spotted the place. fake chicken burger was fabulous. Fish tacos were a bit over baring  .  Salad was a waste of time. cucumber, mint water was very good. However there were no prices so the total was a shock! Not sure I'll go back
3	Ordered all our food off GF menu.  Food was good but not great.  Portions small and pricey, but I guess that is normal for "healthier" food.  Kids were still hungry after eating their GF margherita flatbread.  Husband said fish tacos were ok.  My GF Pizzadilla Wich was good and pretty filling.  Would not come back here with the kids.  Like the concept and ambience but too expensive for families.  Good lunch date place.
4	My husband and I decided to give this place a try for dinner and we weren't disappointed. Unless there has been a change to their menus I am not certain how the prices could be a surprise since they were printed clearly on the menus. The prices range from about 8.00-15.00 for sandwiches and entrees, which was less expensive than I had been expecting.I had the roasted mushroom and goat cheese flatbread which was excellent. The whole wheat crust was amazing and the goat cheese and balsamic were not overwhelming. My husband had the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich which he declared to be delicious. The service was top notch but that is to be expected from a new restaurant. If I have one complaint it would be that the restaurant was a little warm. It didn't bother me as much as my husband but I do think they could greatly benefit from either stronger sun shades or fans.
2	The staff is friendly, definitely a positive! The portions were good sized, but seemed pre-made. My husband and I enjoy a healthy lifestyle, but the food was a disappointment. The sweet potato fries were cold and soggy. I ordered the pizzadilla and it was ok, nothing special. My husbands burger seemed like it can from a supermarket pre made bag and was cold. I may come back in a few months to see if it improves, but was not thrilled.
1	I was not impressed by anything here upon entering you are presented a menu which you read while standing in line. This is not a good idea for elderly folk. I prefer to sit when I read the menu. The staff seemed as though they all just left a pep meeting way too much  smiling it all seemed fake I ordered the fish tacos I received 2 appetizer sized tacos with perfectly cut rectangle pieces of fish, which were also quite bland tasting. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich it came on a oatmeal bun which was dry as.. Well you know, she said it crumbled apart in her mouth. Leaving most of it on the plate, not a good sign considering we were there on the second day they were open. The district manager explained my fish was dry possibly because "the flavor may have come off before cooking as the fish was pre-seasoned.
4	Delicious healthy food.  I tried the baked chips and guacamole, black bean chicken bowl and farmers market salad.  All flavorful and combined well with baked sweet potato fries.  The cost was a little expensive but I expected that.  It was too bright and warm the evening I went. The outdoor seating area needs a shade canopy or trees to cut the glare.
4	Lots of variety; extensive gluten free menu. Lots of healthy options to choose from and I love that you can go through their dietary catalog and see each menu item and a break down of their nutrition.  Only downside was that I got an entree and a side and was still a little hungry after.
5	Being originally from California I'm always looking for new healthy option places. This place is great! Amazing food and atmosphere the managers were present and the service was awesome! I had the fish tacos but I'll be back for breakfast I'm sure! Cute outdoor seating as well!
3	Located in the same shopping center as Whole Foods, next to Settebello -- you can't miss it!Pretty busy, modern, comfortable feel when you walk in.Items ordered :- Hibiscus Beet LYFE Juice : hibiscus-y, beet-y palette cleanser!- Quinoa Crunch Wrap : small, but very filling! Quinoa, crunch veggies, avocado, edamame, and hummus wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla. Comes with their hot sauce on the side, adds the kick without really adding the burn! I ordered to-go, but it was a quick and painless wait. Also the employees were very helpful and patient with me because we thought they served breakfast all day, come to find out breakfast ends at 11am and had to re-ask my coworker what she wanted. Like the fresh, healthy, gluten-free, vegetarian concept! Lots to choose from the menu so def will have to make a trip back if I'm needing a healthy fix! A-OK in my books!
5	Healthy AND Delicious. Need I say more? The staff is super friendly and the menu has everything that you want, whether your are GF, Veggie or eat whatever. They even have a few good beers on tap. Great atmosphere, great food. Exactly the type of place that needed to move to Henderson. I will be back.
4	First off I am giving an extra star for clean, modern interior along with good service. Got the grass-fed burger and hibiscus iced tea. Burger came with a small kale side salad that was tasty. The meal was a perfect portion and I left feeling satisfied. The burger was juicy and overall a tasty lunch. The bun was a little hard as previously mentioned in other reviews. I think the reason for this is that it appears to be toasted with butter. I will definitely be back again to try some options. Wish they added an organic/non-gmo menu to their menu options and I would be there 3-4x a week!
5	Such a breath of fresh air! I love the food here, tried the fish tacos and the vegan burger. Very friendly staff, and they cater to you--I was going up for a water and utensils, and someone offered to get it for me (: feels good to be pampered!
5	Love that there is a clean, fresh and actually healthy fast food option in Henderson! The food is like I would make at home- maybe not the most flavorful, but its clean and good for you which is what counts!
5	I had the art's unfried chicken, it was very delicious. Also tasted seasonal chicken and kale soup. Great food, friendly environment.
3	Let me start with my conclusion:  mediocre valueOur food was good enough and it seemed like quality ingredients, but the portions were very small and the prep seemed a little amateurish.I did enjoy my salmon dish and my wife did enjoy her chicken pasta...and we both agreed they were good...nothing to write home about, nothing to complain about.  But considering the prices and proximity to Cheesecake Factory...there really is no choice. Flavor on both dishes was a little bland.The staff seemed like naturalists and hippies, generally speaking.  Not judging them on those counts, just saying :-). So YMMV on the vibe depending on what you're into.We will probably go back in a month or so and see if things improved.Oh yeah...the $9 tiny artichoke dish...that pissed me off because that was delicious and tiny...if it was $3 that would have been fair.
5	I will definitely be eating here again. The food was a little expensive but man it was worth it. I came in after work to pick up some to go and it was fast and yummy. I am excited to try some other menu items!
4	I'm visiting and moving to the area in Sept and my aunt has been wanting to try it. We decided to come in for lunch before we headed across the street to do some shopping. My mom and aunt both ordered the Mahi tacos with iced tea and I ordered the grass-fed burger with cheese and a side order of sweet potatoes fries, with a ginger pomegranate lemonade. All entrees come with a kale and carrot salad with a simple olive oil/lemon juice dressing. I tried their tacos and they had a lot of flavor. The sweet potatoes were baked to the perfect consistency and served with an agave ketchup...delish! The burger was served on an oat bun and normally I don't eat bread like that but it was so delicious! The side salad was a little blah but I didn't mind it too much. My lemonade had the perfect blend of ginger and pomegranate! The only downside to the experience was the noise level in the place. It was so loud it was hard to hear my mom and aunt who were sitting across the table. I'll definitely go back but I think I will just do take-out instead!
5	Holy Crap this is pretty good healthy food!I've eaten here like seven times now. I can say unequivocally that adjusted for "healthiness" this food is outstanding. It is 100% true you're going to get smaller portions than at a normal restaurant, and that this food will be less greasy, less savory, and different from what you expect. But it's still good!The burger get s a bit of a wheat-grain flavor from it's bun but it's still good. They include a side salad with a lot of dishes that tastes either limey or salty depending on the day, it's hit or miss if you'll like it. The breakfast burrito is smallish but great, also relatively inexpensive (~6.00) the pancakes are similarly "grain-flavored" but are still excellent relative to their calories. The beer selection is masterfully chosen and has no business being that great.Really, every restaurant should serve food like this.
3	This place was alright,  I was a little disappointed because right when I walked in I thought "wow, this place looks gorgeous. The food has to be good." The first thing that caught my eyes were the assorted herbs and plants near the entrance that complimented the already fresh,  clean,  and open look of it; however, I should know better to judge a restaurant on its looks.  Once we were seated,  we got our drinks first and I decided to try the orange juice,  ginger,  and Chia seed Lyfe water which was absolutely delicious.  I enjoyed the gelatinous texture the Chia seeds leave off when they're submerged in liquid,  and it didn't taste like your typical drink. A perfect refreshment for a hot summers day in Vegas if you ask me. I ordered the antipasto which was... Alright.  The woman who took our order mentioned that it was really good,  so I had high expectations. Sadly,  it was not all that great. I think I would have enjoyed it more if it were more of a traditional Italian salad with more olive oil perhaps or balsamic vinegar; it was basically missing some extra flavor.  We also ordered some sweet potato fries which were surprisingly tasty.  Although I've had better sweet potatoes fries,  and these were particularly soggy and not crunchy.  The sauce for the fries made up for it and was actually very good. Overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to go  back to lyfe  kitchen since it's so far from me and the food didn't leave me with a huge smile of satisfaction.  However,  I would give this place another chance and try out their other dishes if I happen to be in the neighborhood.
3	Fresh herbs and produce, menu items under 600 calories, low sodium, no hfcs and everything made fresh to order is what made me excited for LYFE. It's been open a little over a week now. Located at The District Green Valley on the side where Whole Foods is. LYFE acronym for L.ove Y.our F.ood E. veryday is more fast/casual style to where you get in line, order and pay at the counter, seat yourself and food is brought out to you via high tech way of their GPS tracker. Cool huh? Well as long as your server doesn't take off with the round disc before you get all your food. Twice, when I was there it happened and both times the servers were at a lost as to where to find me. So TIP #1 ..don't let the servers take your disc until you get all of your orders!Initially I was impressed on a first visit. Ordered a side Kale salad, Chocolate Budino and LYFE specialty water Hibiscus Beet. The drink was refreshing more lemony than sweet. The pudding was creamy and chocolaty! Love how it's made coconut milk, dark chocolate,agave,pomegranate chia seeds  It was an all natural and overall a healthier dessert! The side kale salad was paired with a lemon dressing..but in this case it was doused with lemon and pepper? It ended up being too bitter for me.Second visit for breakfast next morning. It indicates they are open at 7am and 2 employees I asked the day before verified it. Well got there at little after 8 and even though there were employees inside, lead manager I spoke to when I walked in said it was not ready to open and will open later at 11 and start their regular business hours starting the next day. No apologies just straight up told me and turned back around and went about his business. Alrighty then. Third visit later that evening with Terri R. My order was for sweet fries, their delicious chocolate pudding again and orange ginger chia drink.Terri got the Unfried Chicken entree. Verdict: Skip Unfried Chicken dish. I only had 2 bites, that was enough for me. The chicken breast was uneven, ie one side thicker than the other which ended up being overcooked, too dry and lacked seasoning. Since there was veggies still left on Terri's plate, I went ahead tried it. It was under cooked! Even the baked garlic parm sweet fries I got were poorly executed. That too was under cooked. Sigh. I get ingredients used are higher quality and portion wise it's smaller to stay under the 600 cal limit. For the price they charge  though over ten dollars, I thought this particular entree was NOT worth it.Fourth visit ..finally breakfast! It's served only till 11am.  Thumbs up for the quinoa buttermilk pancakes! Hurrah! Usually whole grain pancakes end up being too dry. But adding blueberries (extra .99)  in it helped add enough moisture. Every bite had warm blueberries with quinoa   At 4.99 this superfoods breakfast is a great deal!  It's a winner in my book. Skip the chipotle potato hash though...either they forgot to season it, or not enough seasoning..but was just blah! Touching on service. Front end cashiers friendly and efficient. The line moved fairly quickly. Staff on the floor needs work. 3 different employees had 3 different answers when asked a simple question "What time was closing?" It's emphasized they are all about being locally SOURCED yet no one knew where they get their produce. One of their management staff employee didn't even now how to pronounce the name of their breakfast entree correctly. Psst FYI ...Quinoa (it's Kin Wah not Kin No Wah). If you are newbie I totally understand but if you are running the place that's a different story. Ambiance, very inviting and reason why I like it here. It's spacious, plenty of seating both inside and outdoors. They even have a patio chairs and a dog bowl with water set outside. Love the natural lighting and decor ..a walled fresh herbal garden. The furnishings all modern. Fast forward a week later, Already slacking. There was a post it note that the sparkling water was out. While the tables are wiped clean, the floors were unswept and under the tables had bits of food debris...yeah...and they were slow to get my order out to me. Overall though everyone was working hard to please the customer. Even the president and CEO of LYFE(and former McDonalds CEO)  Mike Roberts (he ntroduced himself later) was real hands on and was busy emptying out trash from the bathrooms when I ran into him on the grand opening day.I applaud LYFE caters to the health conscientious crowd.  I like it and will come back for breakfast and refuel spot for now. This place is borderline 2 stars "I Had Better" because if given a choice between other healthy choices in the area I still would choose Sunrise Coffee and Rachel's. But saving grace are the drinks, quinoa pancakes and dessert. SO bumped to 3 stars and a A-OKAY! I'm over the new kid on the block though, but dont miss out on LYFE!
3	Good heathy options and portions are large. Food came out quickly. The flatbread mushroom goat cheese was great! Artie's chicken was huge with lots of tasty veggies! My friend had the fish tacos and he liked them. The hibiscus beet water was refreshing. One star deducted, because they forgot the flatbread.Another star deducted. Went back and got a hamburger and fries. They brought the wrong fries out. The chicken sandwich was dry.
5	This is one of those exceptions where I write a review after one visit, because I was just that impressed! Finally, another healthy place open for dinner! Oh wait, and a healthy place I can take the kids to, DOUBLE WIN!! I am so happy Vegas, (well mostly Henderson) is finally catching on to this health craze! About time! LYFE stands for Love Your Food Every day. I could easily if I was lucky enough to eat here daily. They have fresh green juice, and multiple types of infused waters. Also lemonade and tea that were both literally the BEST I have ever had. The black tea I could get addicted to! Between my boyfriend and myself, we ordered grilled artichokes, corn chowder, fish tacos, and chicken and mushroom penne. NOTE: every menu item has the ingredients listed, as well as the calorie count. There IS NOT a dish over 600 calories. Other than it did not completely fill me up, I was 100% satisfied! Flavors, textures, price and portion was all spot on!!!! Not to mention the service was ideal! Great people, serving great food. I was exceptionally happy. Tons of options for picky eaters. Gluten free, and vegan, totally available! They want you to love your food, and show you that it's possible to do while still eating right. Well done LYFE Kitchen, I can't wait to return.
4	Lyfe Kitchen COULD be 5 stars, but it's just not there yet. I've now eaten there 3 times. Most recently for lunch today. 1st time I would have easily given it 5 stars. The quinoa pancakes were killer, service efficient, ambience clean and inviting, and loved the 3 water choices. 2nd time was take out for a staff lunch. Overall it was really good, although there were a few dishes that were mediocre (kale Cesar, buffalo chicken wrap). Love the lemony side salad (although when my husband tried it, he thought it was too sour). 3rd time, ordering online was efficient, as was pick up, but nobody knows which way is up in there. This time, the staff looked frazzled. I asked a simple question... "Does someone need to scan the barcode on my phone so that I get reward points?" They had to ask the manager, which was taking forever, so I asked someone else and then they had to go ask the manager. Finally one of them came back and said, that system won't be up for at least 3 more days... A lot seems to be falling apart. Not knowing whose order is whose and not knowing what systems are working and how. They probably shouldn't have opened until they were ready. Their potential is AMAZING, but they have some work to do.  I'll be back soon, I'm sure.
3	Ultimately, this restaurant came down to the fact that a vegan and vegetarian options restaurant was needed in Henderson, apart from Go Raw Cafe on Eastern and Windmill. I found the space to be very nice and open, and the staff to be generally helpful. That is, the first time I went. That first day I had the Chick'n pasta with Spinach and Mushrooms, which was alright. It didn't have too much flavor, and I really crave flavor being a vegetarian and not eating processed foods. Honestly, it just needed some salt and pepper, which it ended up receiving. My friend had the quinoa wrap along with a Banilla Shake. The wrap was flavorless, and with the spicy sauce on the side, it only gave the wrap a kick but was unable to bring out the flavor within the wrap itself. The shake was good, with a very strong banana flavor as expected.  This time, I would've given it 3 1/2 stars. Now, for the second visit. My friend and I, again, went to try something different. We had the crunchy chips and guac, along with the margherita flatbread. The chips and guac came out in about 10 minutes, which was fine because I felt that meant they were preparing it fresh. Once we started eating, we both looked at each other and realized the chips were EXTREMELY hard and very difficult to chew. In fact, I bit into a chip and cut the inside of my mouth, true story. The guacamole and salsa that were served with it were OK, but again lacked flavor. The flatbread was OK but again, NO FLAVOR. I feel like this restaurant just doesn't season anything. I understand they use natural ingredients to flavor their food but this is ridiculous. Put some salt and pepper on the food prior to serving please. We finally had the chocolate Bundino which had a chocolate sort of pudding/mousse on top of pomegranate chia seeds. It was......interesting? It tasted ok but it was just a very strange combination of textures that was off pu(dd)ing. Also, once we asked a question about the food, the staff seemed to have no idea what was going on.  Overall, I would've given this visit 2 stars, only because the flatbread was alright.Although this restaurant did not deliver, I'm giving it three stars. I feel that it still has some promise. They need to refine some recipes and clearly get their act together. I suppose they're making certain things well, however, due the the large amount of people in the establishment...
1	Seriously shocked, appalled, and  disappointed. I ordered a "berry bowl" for my staff from the catering menu ($35) and the staff was very kind and willing to help get my order done quickly which I very much appreciated. Upon opening the bowl, there were orange wedges and grapes beneath which were some strawberries, blackberries and a few blueberries and then three whole unpeeled unopened bananas. I found this to be distasteful, unsanitary, and embarrassing.  I would expect this from a low end grocer not from here.
1	Food was horrible, very bland with no taste and way overpriced.  I got the burger and it was one of the worst ones I have ever had.  I really wish I took a picture to show how bad it looked.  Also beware as they don't server soda.   I would not recommend this place to anyone.
3	The concept is great. I love the idea of healthy eating.  The ingredients are fresh, calorie conscious and friendly for vegan, vegetarian and gluten free diets.Nothing I have tried here is mind blowing.  Actually, everything I have had here is meh, but I do appreciate the effort of putting forth healthy choice meals.  Here's a breakdown of what I've tried:- Quinoa buttermilk pancakes w/ blueberries- Potato hash - Buffalo chicken wrap- Garden burger- Baked sweet potato garlic parmesan fries- Ginger pomegranate lemonade- Orange ginger chia LYFE waterThe food was bland. The buffalo did not resemble or taste like it was supposed to. More southwestern or tex mex-ish. The side kale salad was way too lemon-y. I really wanted to try the beet lyfe water, but they were out. I would probably reorder the sweet potato fries and the orange ginger chia lyfe water.
2	I eat vegan and was so excited about this new restaurant. I had the quinoa crunch wrap and was underwhelmed. The distribution of ingredients was uneven and therefore, half the wrap was quite bland while the other half gushed out the flavorful hummus spread. I prefer the felafel vegan wraps at Zikis on the other side of the 215 freeway. Or load up on the salad bar at Whole Foods ($2 off per lb every Wednesday). My quinoa wrap was overpriced considering the serving size. Also, the vibe of the restaurant seemed a bit pretentious!
5	The food here is excellent! Sometimes you want to indulge in good food, but then you regret eating all the fattening and unhealthy foods in the world. This place allows you to make healthy food decisions and you leave the restaurant not regretting a thing. They offer vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, and everything to ensure that everyone in your party can enjoy. Let's start with the drinks, my party tried the Cucumber Mint Lyfe Water, the Orange Ginger Chia Lyfe Water, the Mango Cucumber Lime Smoothie, and the Classic Lemonade. All the drinks were very unique in ingredients, refreshing, and delicious, you have to try them all!!! Next the appetizer, we had the Grilled Artichokes and these were hard to eat because I've never ate Artichokes before, but they were still very delicious. For soups, we tried the Squash Lemongrass and it was excellent, it is a very good choice for anyone who likes squash. Unfortunately, we did not try any salads, but I'm sure it will not be a disappointment the next time i go. For sandwiches and burgers, we tried the Grass-Fed Burger and the Pizzadillawich, personally, if you go here, try something besides the burger, not that it's not delicious, but that you'd miss out on all the unique dishes, and as for the PIzzadillawich, it was so worth it! Lastly, I chose the Chicken, Mushroom and Spinach Penne. I chose to do the vegan option and got this dish with the Gardein Chick'n and it was not a disappointment at all, it tasted just like chicken! This is a visually appealing restaurant that has a contemporary design and the food had great presentation.
5	I got the fish tacos and they were honestly some of the best fish tacos I've ever had. The salsa is came with was also fantastic. My friend got their pizza sandwich & that was also amazing. I was pleasantly surprised with this place. I'll definitely be going back!
2	I was looking forward to trying this spot but I left the location extremely disappointed. I'm an easy-going guy who usually doesn't complain, but the service was slow, the staff was unfriendly, and the food was mediocre.I also found it perplexing this place doesn't serve soda even though it offers coffee, tea, beer, wine, juices and smoothies. I'm sure it's because "Lyfe Kitchen" hails itself as a healthy dining option, but how do you offer beer and wine but not soda? The self-serve water station also lacks an ice machine and simply offers a small bucket of ice that only had 3 ice cubes inside during my visit. This isn't Europe, people! We Americans like our ice -- especially here in Vegas when it's 110 degrees outside... And while I'm no food and beverage expert, wouldn't this community ice bucket be a health code violation? What's there to prevent some sick guy from using his dirty hand to grab some ice directly from the bucket? Of larger importance than the lack of soda or ice, however, was the disappointing food... I shared a bunch of different items with three others and we had an issue with almost everything we ordered, starting with the sweet potato garlic Parmesan fries. They were limp, mushy, greasy and literally laying in a puddle of garlic oil. With that amount of oil, I highly doubt the fries contained the actual calorie count advertised on the menu.The Buffalo chicken wrap also had no "kick" whatsoever and it was easily the blandest Buffalo wrap I've ever tasted. The staff also failed to ask us how we wanted the grass-fed burger cooked -- so it ended up being boring AND overcooked -- and the ingredients of the quinoa crunch wrap weren't evenly distributed. As a result, one bite would be all quinoa tabbouleh, the next bite would be all vegetables, etc.I might give "Lyfe Kitchen" one more try, but everyone in my group agreed that it's no "Greens & Proteins."
5	Weather your #paleo, #glutenfree , #vegan or just want great #healthy you can't go wrong with Lyfe delicious and healthy food.
5	Fabulous food, fresh, clean. Luv the different menus. Prices are very reasonable. Will return.
4	Life kitchen has pretty tasty healthy food.  I love that the menu lists ALL the ingredients and the calorie count.  There are options for everyone's dietary  restrictions or preferences.  There is no taste being sacrificed when it comes to healthy eating here.  The untried buffalo wings were so tasty and a perfect dinner started to share with friends.  A little bit of heat, and a great over all flavor and texture.  There teas are yummy and the quinoa hummus bowl was amazing.
5	Great food!Vegas has been in desperate need of a restaurant like this forever. Thank god it has finally arrived.
4	Being located in the district comes with certain expectations. It better be nice, it better be good AND you are probably going to pay a little more.LYFE Kitchen meets all 3 criteria. The wife and I have come here a couple of times now. The food is good and healthy. There are ample choices however unlike some other places they dont have calories listed. They have a nice selection of items though. I liked the burger choices. Also, they give you an option of sparkling, ambient and ice water! Perfect for me and perfect for her!
4	Very nice place, food looks good and also taste good but not great. It's a bit bland but prefer this healthier alternative  to the usual lunch spots around town.
2	Went with a friend to sample dishes from this new establishment.  I had the garlic cheese sweet potato - arrived warm, soggy, and greasy. Dipping sauce was tasty. Then I had their Kale Caesars salad - arrived cool, crisp and tasteless. Dressing was not to my liking. To another palate, the blandness of the dressing might be fine. Salad itself had a mix if broccoli florets, lettuce stems, kale leaves, and since I included chicken. Chicken was skinless, breast, cubed, grilled and dry.I also ordered the chicken wd penne and mushrooms and spinach.  Again,  it is a sauce my palate is not used to. So for me, it was bland and flavorless. Recipes probably used the vegan version of mayonnaise or cream. If one eats enough of this type of cuisine,  the palate will get used to it.But for me,  I shall not be returning. My friend's fish tacos were tasty. Dressing on the side salad was tart and clean tasting. The salsa was also seasoned differently,  but good.
4	Another great spot for my Recovery Meal after a day at the Lake training or out in Henderson. I heard few mix reviews about LYFE but as in reading never judge book by its cover or get your own opinion before passing judgement My first impression was love the interior design has positive zen vibe. Then the first thing stands out (the oversize forks inside and outside) you see the fresh herbs display rows not just one and thinking healthy/organic restaurant. The colors very earth tomes all around especially with the one guess artwork green hill vast open landscape. Cool wall. Surprise once you looking at the menus (right not all healthy have gluten free, vegetarian, and regular) not all catered hardcore healthy but universal. I like that option! One thing that found interesting for the better or worst not sure since am caffeine addict. They do not serve soda......Thankfully recovery meal so perfectly good with water. Water is Awesome! Who serves water on TAP and all in nice water station area that think just for servers. They have cold, like warm, and sparkling water all on tap. They have lemons on the side  can add. The fresh lemonade was phenomenal! I tried my friend hibiscus beet lemonade was off the charts, and the ginger pomegranate not so much little tart for me. They also have regular lemonade. I like bold statement that say all things healthy and even step up with beverage not soda fountain or nothing. I wonder if get dirty look if you brings in your own soda. Lol!It was my first time ordered two dishes. The edamame hummus and vegetables. BY far the best Hummus had in long time. The best thing about it is not made with traditional chix peas but mostly edamame beans. I always been fan of edamame beans. It side dish always look forward on AYCE sushi nights. I never thought about it for Hummus. The consistency was unreal off the charts, the seasonings they put in it brought it all together, and not even started on the vegetables served with it. OMG. Not only do not get cheated on this dish. The amount of vegetables from the broccoli, radish, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, edamame, and pita triangles (long think ones). Not only covered the whole huge round plate. Every single vegetable is SOOO on point! It taste fresh like from farmers market, the radish and cucumbers not fan of raw both crispy and nice snap/bite every one, both the broccoli and radish not same but color bright green nothing brown or old about it, and the pita triangles toasted perfect plus well seasoned on one side. Not vegetarian but this dish will make you ONE. I could ordered two orders be in total vegetarian bliss.The crispy garden chick'n sandwich. I thought was solid sandwich. Nothing really wow me except the oatmeal bun. That was WoW for me. The side salad that came with the sandwich was fabulous. I like the thought of refreshing salad for lunch with sandwich. It decent little portion and the dressing some kind of vinaigrette was tasty. The service was good. You go up to the counter order and then they bring the food out. I see myself coming back here more often with more training days out at the Lake or near the Multi Generation Center. I love the diversity of the menu. I look forward the next tasty sample off the menu.
2	Well, first and foremost, the food has an extremely bland taste. We ordered the hummus, buffalo chicken wrap and penne pasta. 75% into eating the wrap I came across a long, thick string in my mouth in which I thought was an onion or something.  I pulled it out and turns out it was a piece of fabric string, most likely from the chef's shirts being that it was the same color as their outfits. Now, I proceed to tell a food runner about the string and he takes it from me and says, " I'll take care of it." 10/15 minutes later the runner is nowhere to be found and I had to catch him on the way back from the bathroom and asked what he was going to do about the situation. He replied, "well would you like me to refire it again? I'll get a manager..." So instead of asking me this right away, he walked away and forgot about me. So I see him tell the manager about my situation who is polishing silver. About 7 minutes later she decides to put down the silverware and come talk to us about what happened instead of with urgency upon hearing the news from the runner. Nice to know the silverware was of more importance than my dilemma. Yeah I'm never coming back here...
3	This place just recently opened over by the district, so I stopped to give it a try with a friend. The menu was not to big but had a big variety of healthy options  to eat. I ordered the chowder soup which was very good, however nothing special. My friend ordered a avocado sandwich which was dry and not to tasty. Other than that the place was very nicely designed and kept clean which is most important. Overall the opinion of the place was satisfactory.
5	Decided I would pick up dinner to go and needed a healthy option-this place delivered!  Not sure why so many people had bad reviews I loved this place!You come in and pick whatever type of menu you would like to eat from i.e. vegan, vegetarian etc and order.  Placed the to go order for the brussel sprouts & squash, quinoa crunch wrap, artichokes, and the tal grain bowl (all off the vegan menu) sit at the counter and your order is ready to go in 15 minutes!My husband and I loved everything and felt it had good really good flavor especially the artichokes and brussel sprouts.  Yes it is pricey but good clean unprocessed healthy food costs more!Will definitely be back! My only wish is that the is one in the southwest part of town!
5	My friend and I brought our daughters here.  We all loved it.  The pizzadillawich is a must have its available in gluten free and vegetarian which was awesome for me.  The kids loved the vegetarian chicken strips and the cheese pizza.  So yummy.
5	This was so refreshing! Loved it I had the pizzadillawich and a cucumber mint life water:) so good the salad with my dish was a little sour but went great with the dish. My husband said his pasta, the chicnken mushroom and spinach penne had everything he loves in it. Lunch was great!
4	The 1 star down is only bc it's a little pricey. This place just opened about a month ago and I'm very happy it did. Vegas doesn't have many healthy restaurants that you can go to so I really appreciate the few we do! I had the roasted salmon it's was pretty good and healthy and had a yummy sauce that made the dish. I also tried the hibiscus beet water. The venue is adorable and looks alive with bright colored walls and real flowers every day on each table. Patio seating, booths, and window seating! They also have a vegan menu and gluten free menu! I will be  coming back to try more items on menu :)
4	The orange ginger chia water is delish! I ordered the salmon it was very juicy! My boyfriend ordered the buffalo chicken burger with avocado, lets just say i kept taking bites randomly when he wasn't looking. Cant wait to try new things.
2	A restaurant that targets its customers seeking healthy eats does a good job providing signs depicting clean food; however, their food clearly does not reflect healthy eats.  Now based on one dish alone might not be fair to the restaurant but all of your foods should hold the same standard.I got the morning tofu wrap and figured that this would probably be one of the healthier options on their breakfast menu.  The food runner comes up to my table saying "here" but i didn't move and waited until he placed it himself.  The food was extremely oily as illustrated on the photos I took of it.  Portions were tiny and about the size of my credit card per half.  Although I can't slam the place on the taste of the food (which was actually not bad) I felt like i could go to chipotle and spend the same amount but get more food that is equally as bad/oily. The decor is beautiful.  The main area to eat is very wide, spacious and open.  This restaurant offers complimentary water of three variants but I found the sparkling to be quite nice (comparable to perrier). Overall: Portion size, questionable healthiness of the food really test whether I will return.
4	Great place to get good, healthy food. We need more places like this in Las Vegas. The portions are just right and there is a lot of care and thought behind the food. I had the tofu wrap and the cucumber-mint water and they were all great. The atmosphere has a super clean and modern feel. Definitely worth a try.
4	First time at Lyfe. Pros - had the grassfed burger it tasted great . Didn't have all the preservatives and other crap other burgers are made with (Mando burger from Good Burger) hahaVery clean place ,friendly staff, and nice ambience. Lots of menu options for healthy eating. Pricing was fair Cons-  came off as "kinda" Hollywood. Their was some saddity , uppity, snobby people in there. I saw some botched plastic surgery patients In there. I swear a guy sitting right next to my table looked like "Bruce Jenner" . I decided to have a beer with my healthy burger because well I CAN DAMNIT ! But a few patrons gave me the odd look because it wasn't 12pm yet haha  Either way,  great experience I'll give them a second chance.
5	Excellent place for breakfast lunch or dinner.  The food is fresh with simple twist of good cooking.  Clean and friendly staff.  I had the chicken curry dish with wheat berries instead of rice.  Loved the chewiness of the wheat berries and the curry was excellent.  My husband had the grass fed beef hamburger which was very good.  Most definitely we will return.
5	LYFE is all about perspective. How you view it can be positive or negative depending on what you value. I've been on a feasting spree on my recent vacation and it's time to get back on track. I happen to enjoy LYFE a lot. They have nutritious food that are at the same time delicious. I've convinced my sister to come here with me and for her to say "if all healthy meals taste like that, it would be easy to eat healthy all the time." For her to say that is a bold statement since she loves fast/junk food. Healthy food doesn't have to be expensive nor does it have to taste like torture or cardboard.Grilled Artichokes:Comes with aioli. Simple seasonings but grilling makes anything taste better. 5/5Baked Garlic Parmesan Sweet Potato Fries:I don't find joy in eating sweet potato. I can't fool myself by thinking sweet potato fries are better than regular fries. Plus, the flatulence after? No, thank you! However, these made me look at sweet potato differently. They are soooo good. Garlicky and has some grated Parmesan which is nice with the sweetness of the orange tubers. 5/5Art's Unfried Chicken:Comes with butternut squash, Brussels sprouts, cranberries, cashew cream and Dijon vinaigrette. The chicken has a nice crunchy crust to it and the meat itself is tender and isn't dry. The different colors, textures and flavors make this dish so vibrant. 5/5Quinoa Crunch Bowl with Salmon:Greens, quinoa, chipotle sauce, edamame hummus and cubes of salmon. The slight heat from the chipotle was a nice contrast from the cool edamame hummus. 4/5Kale Banana Smoothie:I didn't read the part where it says it has ginger in it. As soon as took a big sip, all I could taste was ginger! I read the menu again: "raw kale, ginger, banana, cucumber, apple and lemon"...oh, that's why! It's actually not bad - at least it doesn't taste like a freshly mowed lawn. 4/5They cater to those with specific dietary needs and those who eat anything. They have separate menus for those who eat gluten-free, everything, vegan, etcetera. The place has a positive vibe to it with its modern decor, open spaces, flowers, artwork and quotes painted on the walls.
2	Went here for lunch today to give it a try. To sum it up: Way overpriced, small portions, super slow service. Arrived about 11:00 and it wasn't very busy. We ordered chips & guacamole, fish tacos and the chicken sandwich. It was just under $30 with no drinks.As other reviews mention you order at a counter like your at a fast food place. We waited and waited for the food. It wasn't busy in there but took way too long for what we ordered.  The guacamole was pretty good but the chips were very hard. It was $6.95 for the same size you get at Chipotle for half the cost.The fish tacos were just one piece of fish on a corn tortilla with some cabbage thrown on top. $9.99. The chicken sandwich was ok and said it came with a side salad. It was a couple pieces of greens with hardly any dressing.  Was not impressed with Lyfe kitchen at all.
5	Wow!!! This place is absolutely incredible! Healthy eats for an affordable price and excellent service. Try the buffalo chicken wrap as well as the orange ginger lyfe water... Dummy fire!!!
3	I've been trying to get the Boyfriend to try this place since it opened. He's not really a fan of ordering before you sit down, so the first time we ended up leaving before ordering. Tonight we wanted takeout, so we decided to finally try it. We ordered the Roasted Mushroom & Goat Cheese Flatbread, and two orders of the  fish tacos. I substituted the Simple Green salad for the Marinated kale side with my tacos. It came without the Lemmon dressing, so basically just some lettuce and three tomato halves. I wasn't expecting much for a side salad, but I was really excited to try the lemon vinaigrette. Fail. Fish tacos were ok. I could see ordering them again, but $9.99 seems a little high. Two small tacos but they tasted good. The Boyfriend's side of Marinated kale was actually pretty good although it didn't look like there was any kale in it (probably why I liked it) The Bf's Flatbread was OK also. The food tastes good & fresh but for $30 neither of us was really full... Also it just really bothers me when I order takeout and they forget something. Of course we were out of dressing at home. Dry salad = blah! Maybe I'll give this place another try, but I'm not in a huge rush.
4	Food an service were excellent. I've been looking for healthy alternatives when eating out. I had found some but the service was not great. LYFE kitchen is set up very well for traffic flow and every employee I encountered was polite and helpful.
4	I've had the fish tacos... Really good, and the kale Cesar salad with salmon... Really really good! I love that it's super healthy and the calories are on the menu. The only reason it didn't get a 5 is because there's no soda! It's a little over-priced too but I'll eat here when I feel like being very healthy.
3	Perfect location, fresh food, maybe-a-little-too-small-of-portions.Just outside of the Henderson Whole Foods, LYFE Kitchen is the ideal restaurant to be found. Before going on our weekly shopping trip today, we decided to walk a few steps over to grab a bite to eat. I ordered the vegan thai curry bowl and a hibiscus tea while my beau ordered the grass-fed burger and a cafe mocha. The drinks: to die for. I found the hibiscus tea extremely flavorful and refreshing, and he found the cafe mocha tasty and (as he was hoping) energizing. The meals: small portions, decent flavor. My vegan thai curry bowl tasted great but was a little more spicy than I was prepared for. It also could have stood for more wheatberries and a little more tofu, as well, rather than so many filler vegetables. His grass-fed burger was good and had a slight hickory flavor. At the conclusion of the meal, though, we were still kind of hungry and were left wishing there was more food on each plate. I was also left with two questions: Is the tofu organic? What about the grass-fed beef? If not, then I don't see the point of coming to a restaurant that is marketed as health-conscious to eat conventionally grown soy and meat - yuck!We may return to try a couple of the other menu items, but next time it won't be when we're super hungry!
4	Everything is made fresh. 1st time I came my order was wrong and the young lady that took my order was not very welcoming but as I wanted a young lady was making the lemonade's with all fresh ingredients and was very nice explain the ingredients and its purposes to me so it really made me want to try other things . This 2nd go around different girl took my order very pleasant and knowledgeable on their menu. Loved the food!
5	Yum, shakalaka! I have been here 4 times now and its slowly making its way into a regular stand by place when I just don't feel like cooking. For me it meets the 3 main reasons I  going anywhere to eat: The food tastes good. CheckMakes something I won't bother with at home. CheckIs healthy. CheckOnce I got a hang of the ordering system I really liked this place.
4	I was eagerly awaiting LYFE to open up. We need healthy places in Vegas desperately. Their menu is huge, healthy, flavorful, and appeals to all different cuisines and "level" of healthy eating. A vegan can eat next to a little kid here and that's amazing... and it's not that expensive! I LOVE life at LYFE Kitchen. For such a variety on the menu, all the food we've tried is delicious. More locations please!Only problem, which is why I knocked off a star, is how long it takes to get the food. Third time I was there I ordered the avocado breakfast fritatta (could be butchering the spelling on that one, sorry) with only two other people in the restaurant and it look around 20 minutes to come out. It's taken fairly long to get my food during other times as well.But keep up the good work LYFE!
5	Everything is delicious!! We went vegan for all 4 of us. Quiona crunch wrap well worth it and matched well with veggie corn chowder. Little weird front end but I recommend grabbing one of 4 styles of menus then sitting down. It's simple. JustOrder at the counter and they'll bring it to you. Sparkling, ambient and chilled water all self serve. Easy once we figured it out. A new favorite place to eat!!!I saw some negative reviews from comfortFood nuts which I think is funny because the LYFE name should have been a hint the restaurant is gonna help with a longer life by eating healthier. Menus are:Gluten freeVegan/vegetarianEveryone elseWine and beer
4	Since I've discovered this place, I find myself wanting to go there regularly. I always order more than one dish but I never feel leaving full and disgusted with myself. It's kind of amazing how that works. The Quinoa pancakes with blueberries is a must. They are light but there is no compromise on the flavor. Love them. The Breakfast Burrito is another favorite which I find myself wanting regularly these days. You can't go wrong here . . .
3	I wish I could give it more stars at this moment because it looks like a really nice place to sit down and eat.  I ordered food to go and it took about 20 minutes or so to get my food. When I got my food it was not what I expected. The taste if the food was very good yet the portion size was more than lacking.  I ordered the margarita flatbread, salmon meal in the gluten freeMenu and lemonade (that came withMint which I didn't know).  The flatbread looks more like an appetizer at $8 plus.  The salmon was a long lean piece if salmon with lots if this sauce and onions but just a tiny portion of broccoli.  It left both my husband and I still hungry. The lemonade was refreshing yet he didn't like that it had tons a mint.  Also they forgot to offer us cutlery and napkins for our to go order.  I am sure they can do better as they just opened recently.  I'll try going another time and eat at the restaurant to review the dining in experience.
3	Been wanting to try this place or awhile. Atmosphere is a 4, food is a 3, service is a 3. Price is high for what you get. Lunch parking is difficult.  Great for people on special diets. If wanting to eat in the neighborhood, PF Changs is cheaper with better food.
5	Love everything about this place!!!!! Patio seating, vegan options, gluten free options, and reasonably priced. Gardein products are amazing!! Can't even taste the difference! Tried the Gardein chicken wings....awesome!! And the buffalo Gardein chicken wrap......even more awesome! So excited to go back and try more!!
3	I like the feel of the place: clean and earthy. The seats inside are comfortable - they've mastered the lounge-looking seating but you don't feel like you're sinking in your seat or on a couch trying to eat your meal. I really like places with great outdoor seating as well, which they have.I ordered the curry dish, which had great sauce flavor, but something about it was dry. I didn't feel quite satisfied with my order, but I'm convinced I ordered incorrectly for what I was hungry for at the time. My girlfriend ordered the fish noodle bowl and had to ask for more noodles because - I swear - there were about 5 on her plate, ha! She felt misled because they have pictures near the register to show you how the plates look, and it wasn't what she received. Her tastebuds were still happy with her order, though.I will definitely try it again and hopefully update my rating, but for now, it's just a "meh."
3	Stopped in on a Wednesday at 1 p.m. and the place was full of nine to fiver's on lunch break and families or moms with their kids. Upon entry, a rack of four menus are labeled and organized into columns; gluten free, vegan/ vegetarian, everything and wine/ beer. For someone who is used to having a few vegan options on a regular menu, an entire veggie menu took a few minutes to take in. It was so busy I assured a handful of hungry regulars looking to pass by I was not in line yet. I narrowed it down to the vegan kale Caesar salad with Gardein chick'n strips and the tofu tacos... the chipotle aioli and marinated tofu steered me to the tacos. I placed my order of tacos and my date had to clarify the non-vegan nature of his order because the cashier assumed he was vegan too. We added the chunky guacamole, a vanilla milkshake and lemonade. I asked for water as well, but my date observed the self serve H20 station after we had sat down. There were water options as well; room temperature, cold and sparkling.  We walked outside and the misters were in full mist mode. Yellow umbrellas provided  shade and complimented the bright nature of the decor. The guacamole came to the table on a wooden serving plate with house baked tortillas. It was good, but nothing special. My date found it bland. Our beverages came shortly after. The milkshake was more of a smoothie concoction, it contained bananas, soy milk and dates. Again, it was good but not special. The lemonade was delicious, it simply tasted like lemon.The entrees arrived and the reality of the calorie and sodium counts on the menu set in. For those watching their calorie intake, two tacos and a side salad for less than 500 calories is great but I feel the price should be lower for the amount of food on the plate. The tacos were filled with a variety of crisp veggies, aioli, tofu and avocado. In that order. They were fresh and filling, but the tofu was a bit bland and the overall combination of ingredients was not memorable. I will try this place again though. It has a cool ambiance, immaculate cleanliness and the fact that every dish is less than 600 calories is impressive.  That vegan kale chick'n Caesar is calling me.
4	Had lunch at LYFE Kitchen yesterday - prior to going I checked out Yelp (cause that's how I roll!) and was prepared for the worse... Much to my surprise and happiness this place was wonderful! Great vibe, super clean, casual but inviting.My 2 girlfriends and I arrived right at noon, there were a few people in line ahead of us, but not too busy- the counter service was outstanding! We found a table outside got situated with the water (serve yourself, 3 types - from a cool tap thingy... cold, sparkling and room temp). Our food came out pretty quick! I would say in less than 10 minutes-which is absolutely acceptable!The food was delicious! I had the antipasto salad-the portion was perfect! My one gf had a GF flat bread, she was so excited to have a crispy GF bread plus so many GF options!!! My other friend had the margarita flat bread - both raved about taste and the portions were the right size - definitely not too small like so many reviewers complained about!! I paid $18 for my salad and one of the flatbreads... not bad considering the quality of the food. There are so many great options on the menu - can't wait to try something else - I'm a fan!!
4	Some vegan friends brought me to this restaurant.  I have thee most unhealthy eating habits ever and would not choose this style of food. Fish tacos in a wheat wrap.  Very clean fresh crunchy.  Comes with a side of salad.  It was overall good. Very light.  I am a really skinny and petite girl, I was still hungry after eating this. The cucumber mint was so refreshing liked it a lot. I would suggest this to those who are health conscious or looking for something light and healthy.  Clean restaurant happy interior.  The gentleman who was wiping down tables and keeping everything tidy was super friendly and chit chatting with many patrons.  Very nice.
3	We came here on a Thursday afternoon for lunch and ordered1. Buffalo chicken wrap, 9.492. Chicken, mushroom, and spinach penne, 12.493. Graden burger, 8.494. Quinoa crunch wrap, 8.99Drinks1. Tenaya Creek Hef, 5.992. West coast IPA, 6.993. Hot tea - Green tea, 1.994. Lemonade, 2.49for 61.53- Modern snob appeal. Nice lighting. Comfortable seating.- Fresher eats. No soda. - Dine like Panera Bread, just without the studiers. - Light food. Expensive pricing. - Taste-less entrees: Buffalo chicken wrap and penne. STAY AWAY. Penne entree should be placed in the soup section. Disgusting! - Quinoa crunch wrap was amazing! Rich. Zesty! Highly recommend. - Garden burger was flavorful and crunchy. Enjoyed.- Cups looked recycled. There is this weird line as if they fused 2 together. - Lemonade too sweet. Beers were great. tap. - If your watch has a pedometer and you watch Dr. Oz everyday, welcome to your favorite restaurant.
5	Went here today for the first time with my cousins. They have a menu for nearly everyone's dietary needs; whether you're vegan or gluten free, they've got you covered! I had the fish tacos which were absolutely delicious! I also had the garlic sweet potato fries and the mango cucumber line smoothie...it was all great! The sweet potato fries came with this spicy chipotle aioli sauce which was just perf! Since all of us got something different we were all able to try a little bit of everyone's food. What I liked most about the food is that there seemed to be a ting a spicyness to the dishes which was pleasantly surprising because I'm a girl who loves a little kick to her food! The dining area is really light and fresh with lovely decor and comfortable seating. They also have a nice patio area with plenty of musters for those hot Vegas days. This place is just all around great! I will definitely be back soon!!
4	Great healthy options with modern decor. Similar format to a number of new restaurants - order and pay up front, self serve filtered sparkling or flat water - with attentive table service. Portions on the smaller side but solid food preparation and presentation.
3	The food was really good, small portions and over priced.8 Chips n guacamole with a Table Spoon of salsa was like 8 BUCKS? Wine by the half craft for a decent Cab was 24 BUCKS,I think thats a half bottle?I got 3 pieces of Artichoke and some good dip for 10 BUCKS?Then we had dinners that weren't as over priced but still expensive for standing in line ordering your own food. Im sure the quality of food is really good, but i won't be able to go back until they take food stamps.(I don't really get food stamps)
2	I really, really love healthy food done right. The kind of food that breaks down the barriers between us crazy health nuts and the traditional awful eaters around the world. The kind of food that says, "it's alright, see? I can be healthy and delicious!" If you want this experience, go to Native Foods Cafe in southern California, not LYFE Kitchen.Well, like any good story, we need a setting. Henderson. The District. Whole Foods shopping center. High end high end high end. This is a high end health-oriented cafe so the price is high, too. I am not going to mention specific numbers, but even in the world of high-end cafes, there should be a sense of value.It starts well. The interior is beautifully modern and polished. Comfortable and plentiful seating in a large space. A display of herbs and spices growing immediately catches your eye - which will provide some irony later. Filtered water available on tap at any time. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful. There are menus for every dietary need. Thoughtful! Now, let's get into the food.- Roasted brussels and squash. A side dish that hides nothing in its name. This is, weirdly, the best thing I've had here. It's those two vegetables tossed and cooked in light oil and spices with cranberries thrown on top. Simple and high in value.- Barramundi noodle bowl. The honest, forward name in the last dish is contrasted to the cryptic name here. I'm going to copy the exact description. "Sustainably raised seabass with soba noodles, mushrooms, scallions, edamame, in kimchi broth." Yes, all of those ingredients are present - but what do you picture this dish looking like? A noodle bowl with a fish on top? Wrong. Try some weak broth with about 8 noodles floating in it with accompanying (and sparse) edamame, kimchi, and mushrooms. A cooked piece of fish on top. This just makes no sense. There is no distinct character or flavor to this. No purpose or personality. It's just food. Low in value because you essentially just paid for a piece of fish.- Grass-fed burger. So, again, technically everything on the list checks out. "100% grass-fed beef, romaine, tomato, red onion, farmhouse pickle,  dijonnaise on an oatmeal bun." You can expect a lot of bread containing a relatively small, unseasoned, and remarkably dry beef patty topped with extremely sparse amounts of lettuce and tomatoes. Seriously, where is everything? And why is the patty so awful? Oh yeah, this comes with a tiny "salad." Extremely, extremely low value.- Fish tacos. Hey, fish tacos! What can possibly go wrong here? These actually taste alright but mainly because they're drenched in sauce. Thin pieces of fish topped with lots of vegetables with a bit of salsa on the side. Same borderline-garnish grade "salad" on the side. Fish tacos are often delicious because of the combination of fresh fish topped with crunchy vegetables (like cabbage) and a light sauce. The effect was lost in that sense. Perhaps four tacos would be a bit more appropriate for the price and considering there is almost nothing else on the plate. Again, super low in value.- LYFE waters. Not bad, but quite watered down. I'm not even going to get into it.So, a conclusion then? Potential, yes. Execution, poor. I just can't justify coming back and paying a high price for not much in both value and flavor (all their spices are growing up front instead of being used in the kitchen). I guarantee you'll leave hungry and poor.
3	I don't know why, but this place gets more dysfunctional and food less and less tasty at each visit. Wish they would get it together! I love the concept and ingredients!!! Brussels sprouts side and sweet potato fries were downright gross this past visit. Sprouts were under cooked and bland and sweet potato fries limp and cold. :(
5	First bites today and thought it was dynamite.  Shared the fish tacos and the farmers market salad...they were both delicious.  Thrilled to have it in the neighborhood.
3	I really enjoy this place for many reasons and I give this place a very solid three stars:a. Location - How can you beat such a perfect location in the District of Green Valley with decent parking, plenty of seating in and out?  It is a really great location.b. Menu - They have five menus? Gluten?  Veggie? Eat Everything, Alcoholic Mess? and if you like Seasonal foods,  you name it, they have it. That is so cool.c. Prices - Reasonable.  Not cheap, reasonable. You're not paying for Whole Foods type of pricing.d. Portions - Ahhh, the reason why everything here is so low in calories. The portions are very controlled. Some of you will like that and some of you will feel malnourished. It is all up to your perspectiive.e. The Food - Ravioli - I think you get 5 pieces of Ravioli that is great in presentation and unremarkable in taste. Overall very edible, the sausage is a vegetarian option and the wife enjoyed it. She does also like top ramen noodles.....Fish Tacos - My son ordered this and you get two pieces of taco with Mahi. Also edible, and good tasting. Kale Caesar Salad - Added salmon to this for additional protein.  My daughter enjoyed it and I found it to be okay. The salmon was good although I am not sure how it was cooked. .Seemed to be lightly fried or have a bit of a crust on it.Grass Fed Steak - I ordered this and for 17.99.  I was okay with it.  There is nothing fantastic about the taste of grass fed beef. The entire dish was decent in taste, not great in texture and tenderness, but certainly edible.  The only issue is that it disappeared rather quickly. I think that this may have been a 4 ounce steak prior to cooking and somehow it ended up being 2-3 ounces. That is great for a Martini, but for a steak.....Garlic Parmesan Sweet Potato Fries  - Loved it!f.  Serve yourself - You order from the cashier, they give you a locator and you sit down. You can help yourself to water or sparkling water and utensils and etc.  I like this a lot and you control your refills.  The servers will bring you out the food and their service and awareness is certainly 5 stars to me!Why is this a three star?  Well, this is a SOLID three star. It is more like 3.5 star.  Love the menu and presentation.  Just that the taste of the food was okay and the only issue is that they kept opening the door to the patio and left it open for long periods of time.  I don't like flies bothering me while eating and that fly was absolutely annoying.GK says, check this place out for sure!
5	Really enjoyed both of my visits to Lyfe Kitchen.  The cater to health-minded people of several dietary preferences including vegan and gluten-free. The decor is bright, cheery and fresh. A partition of fresh grown herbs are the first thing that catches the eye;  a promise of the fresh, healthy ingredients to come when your dish arrives. The crunchy quinoa salad and the antipasto salads were my selections on my two visits. Both were appealing to the eye and the pallette. Classic and surprising vegetables were featured in each satisfying salad. Service was prompt and friendly.  Great place to meet for business or with friends. I look forward to diving into the menu again and on a regular basis.
5	I am in love with this place! It is like a breath of fresh air! I only wish we had something like this on my side of town!
4	LYFE Kitchen is typical california cuisine.  I had the Fish Tacos, and they were quite enjoyable.  I'm not usually as big of a fan as Fish Tacos as my friend, Mr. Booth (Mr. Booth LOVES Fish Tacos).  They were served with 2 tacos and a very small salad.  I think that the menu said it was about 400 calories, so it left me a little big hungry still.  For the price of $13, it was a bit expensive.I also had an orange ginger drink that was good, but the jelly inside was a little bit weird.  A coworker of mine had the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with avocado, which he really enjoyed.  I think that I may try that next.LYFE kitchen will be a repeat, but not too often of a repeat.  It's probably really about 3.5 stars, but we'll round up for the good service.
5	I have been here 3 times now and always order the same thing. The Kale Caesar Salad with chicken is amazing. All my girlfriends love it, and even my boyfriend liked it! He ordered the Buffalo Chicken  Wrap. This is a wonderful healthy option and a good addition to The District.
4	I had read and heard many mixed reviews about Lyfe Kitchen, but I came to try them for myself.The restaurant is modern and clean. I enjoy the entire concept of this restaurant. Healthy food, that is inventive, yet still tasty.My friends and I were able to sample a good amount of items and enjoyed just about everything we ordered. The food was fresh and I, for one, found everything to be delicious and that was the consensus around the table. They were able to maintain the health benefits and low calorie integrity of all the food without sacrificing flavor, which I was impressed by. My friend raved about the buffalo chicken, and even put in a second order because it was so good.My chia and cucumber drink was really great and I look forward to coming back and trying the assortment of all the different smoothies and drinks they have available.They have several menus catering to different dietary needs and programs, which is helpful. I look forward to coming back soon.
3	First visit to this place and it was just ok.  Being our first time here, we really needed to check out the menu so the cashier seemed a little impatient because we were taking so long to order.  Not sure why as we were sitting down and not standing in front of her.  When we decided what we wanted, we walked up to the register, told her we were ready and just as we were about to order, the phone rang and she answered it.  We stood there for almost 5 minutes while she talked to someone on the phone, I am guessing placing an order.  Finally another cashier came up and took our order.We had the 100% Grass Fed Burger, a Gluten Free Flatbread, the Sweet Potato Garlic Fries and a Gluten Free Desert.  Everything was actually really good including the burger, HOWEVER, the burger is not a fresh made patty there, it looked like it was a frozen patty they purchased through a supplier.  You do not have a choice on cooking temperature, it is cooked medium well, to well done on a conveyor belt as explained to me, so you get what you get however it is cooked on that particular day. Overall, the service was good after the initial ordering issue, the food and drink were good, this is not the best place for a burger, but everything else on this visit seemed pretty good and probably worthy of another visit at some point.
3	It is a fabulous idea and I love the quotes on the wall. The customer service was good. The food was boring and had no flavor. I enjoyed eating outside on the patio.
2	The restaurant decor is beautiful and well done, very fresh. The menu options are really well portioned and healthy. There are plenty vegetarian and gluten free options.I have been here numerous times and have tried very hard to like it. The main downfall is the logistical issues with food service and breakfast/lunch hours. Breakfast stops sharply at 11, despite the person in front of you taking 20 minutes to order a juice. So if you're in line, be prepared with multiple options. Sometimes the management walks the queue with updates on what they are out of. Lately it's been eggs and potatoes, despite these being ingredients in many menu items. It's very disappointing.Customer service folks are super nice and well uninformed, but they lack the resources to succeed since kitchen to table service is slow and the electronic table markers do not work. Servers pace the whole restaurant with your food, asking random guests what their number or order was.I want this beautiful place to work, but you need a lot of patience and time to go here.
2	The stars are for the food.  The order process is long and orders take forever after being placed. I have been here several time day and night and it never changes. Service is bad as well last time I came I waited in line so long I left, the girl at the register has to take phone orders as well as guest orders. My visit prior to that they brought out my girls food, and then mine 30 minutes later after I asked about it. It seems to start at the top. Usually the managers are just standing around socializing with the staff, I have witnessed this on several occasions. The only thing bringing me back is the food.
3	We had to-go lunch: I had the vegan untried buffalo chicken strips, edamame/hummus/veggie/crisps and both types of the budino. I didn't care for the chicken at all and the chocolate budino was awful. The other 2 ladies liked the chicken but we were in total agreement about the chocolate desert. However, the banana budino was super yummy! The flavor/texture reminded me of arroz com leche with banana goodness mixed in. It was absolutely delightful :) While the veggies were yummy and fresh and the hummus was good; the smokey paprika golden flax seed crisps stole the light :) Absolute must: banana budino and the veggie/hummus/crisp platter
4	This place has a great menu that's broken down according to dietary restrictions and lifestyle choices.  I like that a lot, as it made it easy for someone like me with gluten sensitivity to order with confidence.  I had seabass in a kimchi broth and a side of marinated kale.  It was delicious and filling, not to mention low-cal, low-carb, and high protein.  Definitely recommend checking out LYFE kitchen!
5	We used Lyfe kitchen as a caterer for our wedding at the Mandalay Bay Hotel. We had been looking for something tasty, and healthy. And in a sea of just.. uggg.. expensive crap... we came across they Lyfe site and got excited.We contacted them, and they were very attentive, responsive, and friendly. They were just starting their catering arm, but told us they would be on top of it.The day of they delivered it to us.. we took it up... and  we were shocked by how good the food was! All of the guests were raving about it. The Grain bowl, the steak, and the chicken with Brussel sprouts were the stand out hits.  ALL the food was great!(also, their Pom-ginger lemondae makes a great mixer, just add whiskey or vodka.This place is great... We fed 60 people for only 900 dollars, (with 4 pans still full left over.) The food is healthy, tasty, and inexpensive. So if you need catering for a wedding / event that is GOOD.. try them out!
5	Me and my girlfriend came for breakfast. I got the the breakfast burrito and she had the yogurt we both had a ginger mint water and shared a carrot zucchini muffin, everything was great the flavor in food really exploded... Really good simple healthy food
5	My new favorite place! It's hard to find good Vegan food and this is amazing! There were so many choices that looked good I couldn't decide. My friend got the flatbread pizza which was very good and I had the quinoa crunch wrap and artichokes for starters.  My friend was disappointed there was no soda which I thought was a good thing!  We'll definitely be going back for more!
5	Plenty of healthy choices for everyone. Vegetarian, gluten free and "meat eaters" too. Salads are fresh and good juice mixes. Champagne and wine also available. Wish they had a frequent diner reward plan. Patio with misters available.
3	I've been to Lyfe kitchen twice for lunch and enjoyed the food.  I tried the fish tacos and some vegetarian buffalo bites which sounded weird but were extremely delicious.  On my second visit I brought my 7 and 9 year olds who loved the caesar and kale salad and baked chicken strips.  The healthy food options were a hit.  I had the pizzadilla which sooooo good.  I do have to say the portions were a bit small so if you're looking for a hearty meal, order two.  Prices were reasonable for the quality and style of food and the atmosphere was very modern.  The only negative I can share is that once the food was dropped off, the staff were MIA.  I guess that is part of the style but it would be nice to have the check on us once in a while.
4	The food was amazing!! I ordered the kale Caesar salad and chicken buffalo strips. My sister had the pizzadillawich. We both thought they were so yummy! The kids pasta was eh. Pretty bland. The only complaint was it took my friends food 25 minutes to come out! So we were already done eating by the time her food came out!
5	I have been here 5 times. Not sure why people rate it less than 4 stars. Either way they have vegan, vegetarian, and normal menus. Very flavorful. The quinoa pancakes are a great healthy choice to breakfast.  Corn chowder is very good. My wife gets the vegan burger and says it's the best tasting vegan burger she has had. I love fresh healthy ingredients and this place has exactly that.
2	Tighten up, Management. Nothing worse than a great idea, a clean facility, and decent to good food ruined by very poor and disappointing service...Breakfast this morning with a large party. Around 20 minutes after ordering, my simple oatmeal had still not arrived, while others who had ordered egg dishes etc were already eating. This was because they had run out of oatmeal. How can you wait twenty minutes after running out to come tell us it will be another ten minutes before more is ready? That is not how a dialed breakfast spot runs. They should have told us in a reasonable time so we could switch our order if we didn't feel like waiting a half hour for a bowl of oatmeal.Getting our drinks was a major challenge, too. Clueless wait staff totally unaware what we had ordered.Please cut this nonsense out already and learn how to execute proper service people.
2	A well engineered 'slight-of-hand'... breakfast is pretty decent.. all the rest of the menu is 'filler.' Like a chicken-wrap where maybe there was a sliver of the bird, but your taste buds are sayin 'all-salad.' And a glass of 'Simi cabernet' that ain't nothin like any Simi-cab you've had before (color more like a light pinot). Add it all up 2 wines, 2 entrees and the tab comes to $42... ain't no-way worth it.
3	Sadly disappointed. Order taker was inconsiderate to food allergies with my mom about substitute sides even after she allowed me to do so prior to my moms order. Then my daughters chicken and fries showed up burnt and cold. I have enjoyed previous visits when the place first opened but see it has quickly went downhill.
5	This place is amazing!!!! I don't understand why people are complaining about the portions. It's perfect and it's called portion control. Some of Us Americans are eating way too much than we should that's why America has the highest obesity in the world... This is a perfect healthy place to dine :)
3	I had high hopes for this place. The menu sounds delicious. The food was very fresh but did not pack a punch of flavor. The cucumber mint water and sweet potato fries were very good. The quinoa crunch wrap was mostly lettuce and I saw very little quinoa. The corn chowder was good, but it's not something I'd crave and go back there for. This place wasn't bad, it just didn't leave a lasting impression.
2	Great concept ,great location but sadly poor food quality and options.3types of meats.Small portions.Poor Stuff.High prices for what you get.Vegas is the spot for healthy kitchens and unfortunately LYFE can't compete with any of the Protein places in town.No return for me
4	Sometimes a weekend getaway to Vegas is necessary. But then sometimes, Vegas is too much to handle and you gotta get away from the strip. So in our escape to Henderson, I discovered a Lyfe Kitchen.I already frequent Lyfe Kitchen in LA. So why go to something familiar in another city? After a disappointing buffet experience on the strip, I wasn't up for a culinary gamble. I knew Lyfe Kitchen would be a safe bet.Upon walking in, I grabbed the Vegan & Vegetarian menu for myself and handed the Everything menu to the meateater BF. The Quinoa Crunch Wrap caught my interest while the BF ordered something called Pizzadillawich. He also got us an order of the Baked Sweet Potato Fries. Let me start by saying, I've had many a sweet potato fry. But I think I can safely say that this was one of my favorites. It had a hint of garlic which made it so addicting. Yum! http://bit.ly/1G5ldO7My Quinoa Crunch Wrap totally hit the spot! Filled with quinoa tabbouleh, veggies, lots of avocado, and edamame hummus. It also came with hot sauce and a side of salad. So good! http://bit.ly/1wPPwlGWe also got the Vegan Unfried Buffalo Gardein Chick'n Strips. It pretty much seemed like gardein chick'n tossed in buffalo sauce. Not really my fave and I wish it had a crispier crust. I've had better at Veggie Grill in LA but at least Lyfe Kitchen's still tastes good (I've also had worse at a place in Burbank that shall remain unnamed). The saving grace for this dish was the side of sliced sweet pickles. http://bit.ly/13qY4qcI liked two out of the three vegan dishes we ordered and the BF seemed to enjoy his Pizzadillawich. I think that's worth 4 stars :)
3	This place could be better. I was super excited to try this place because it's not always easy to find a place that specifically has a menu for vegans. The place had wonderful decor and a nice modern vibe to it. The food was good but not for the price I paid. You don't get many chips when you order the chunky guac and chips and the portions of entrees are pretty small. Food is really tasty, and it's a really cute trendy place, just wish the portions were bigger.
4	I call this type of food "LA food" - healthyish, with gluten-free / vegan / organic / whatever items available on the menu. I might still end up ordering something fried in trans fats, but I love the idea of having the option of something allegedly healthy. Nothing is healthier than making a dressing-free salad at home, but sometimes life gets crazy. In any case, I came here around 10.30 after having some maintenance done over at Sola Salons. I ordered the fish tacos for takeaway to have as lunch later. After I waited for a few minutes, the cashier / hostess told me she had totally spaced and that they weren't serving lunch yet. They were making my tacos, but it would just be a few extra minutes. I appreciate that they made them anyway, instead of asking me to order something else.TBH, I ate the tacos right before an exam and I stress blackout, so I can't really remember much about them, but I'm sure they were good. Service was fast and friendly, the place was clean and bright, and I'm assuming for now the food was good. My guy friends tend to have a "where's the beef?" and "what? it's so small" experience  when they come here, but for a small eater like me, portions are perfectly .. proportioned.
5	Ate lunch here today with a friend and both of our selections were delicious! I ordered the Quinoa Crunch Wrap & my friend ordered the Barramundi Noodle Bowl.  I cannot recall the name of the LYFE water I chose, but it had a spiced apple flavor and was delicious! The staff was attentive, friendly and professional. I am excited to go back and try another menu item. Only concern I have is the restaurant space is very large and it wasn't busy enough at prime lunch time to fill it.  Hope they are profitable enough to keep such a large space open.
4	They meet a variety of health needs. Gluten free to vegan. I ordered the fish tacos which were recommended by a friend.  Generous portion of fish and a delicious creamy sauce that was served with a mixed green salad.  My friend ordered a chicken mushroom penne that a had a mushroom greens infused sauce. In addition, they had sparkling and flat water. The ambiance is that of a place you might see on Seattle or Northern California.
5	The fish tacos were delicious. This restaurant is different than most restaurants in the area and it is a welcome change. Good stuff.
2	Entering life kitchen feel great. And honestly a bit on the sterile. Kinda like a hospital. Not very cozy. Unless you bring a companion I got here at 5 o'clock and they lacked the accoutrements for four things that my party ordered. Which wasn't a big problem however they weren't able to offer me a solution or accommodate me otherwise. We were forced to order other things off the menu and since this was my first time was a little disconcerting.  I ordered the grass fed burger and fish tacos. It is quite tasty however a party 3 cost me 85 dollars. Probably won't be coming back here due to cost effectiveness
5	Beautiful place to eat...had to start off with that info.  Wonderfully styled and designed space. With this location being directly across the street from Green Valley Casino, I'm guessing they will get good traffic.  The first thing I noticed is that their menus are separated by your desire of cuisine (Everything, Gluten Free, or Vegan and Vegetarian).  I decided to see what was on the V&V menu.Ordered the Crispy Gardein Chick'n with baked garlic sweet potato fries, and a cucumber mint Lyfe water.  I like how the system is setup, where you are given a locator...and they come and find you.  When I saw the disc, I was like okay here go...its gonna start lighting up and buzzing and vibrating all over the place...then I have to run up to get my food.  Complete opposite.  First came my water.  I must say that this was the best tasting infused water I've ever tried in life! So delicious and refreshing!  I would go there just to have a couple waters! Love the layout of the restaurant.  Since its an open kitchen concept, you can watch the cooks creating your dish.  Thats really cool, since it takes out all of the guesswork on whats really going on behind the normal double doors.Now onto the entree.  The crispy chick'n sandwich is delicious.  Never had a vegan sandwich that actually tasted like a sandwich with regular meat in it..until now.  Oatmeal bun was a nice touch.  The salad was very fresh and tasty. Sweet potato fries didn't have too much garlic so it would overwhelm the flavor of the potato. The aioli that came with the fries was so good that if they bottle it? I'm buying it.Lovely decor, cool seats, nice layout, with guilt free food?  I will be here often.
4	Having food allergies is no fun!  When I find a spot the truly caters to my needs it gives me a sense of peace knowing I can eat without being ill for 3 days following the meal.  This spot has a lot of options and caters to many dietary needs.  The food is fresh and the employees were really friendly and helpful.  The food was a little pricey but that's what you pay for when you have organic choices.  The food didn't blow my mind, it wasn't the best food I've ever had but it was good and appetizing.  I really enjoyed the flavor infused waters.  The place has a neat design element as well.  I had the tacos and the were delicious.  I would return and suggest others give it a try as well.
4	It's a nice place to sit down with friends and have a little something something. Food is okay. There is a whole foods place next door that has better chow in their food court. So if you feel like showing off and pretending your healthy to eat in one of Hendersons  A+ area this is the place brah!
5	The place itself is beautiful.  Nice modern decor with a feel of natural! They even have their own indoor garden! - then the menu is awesome.....they have all kinds of options for vegans, and people with allergies like myself.........huge GF menu!.I ordered a GF grass fed burger with baked garlic parmesan sweet potato fries and a ginger mint chia water that was mmmm AMAZING! - I REALLY enjoyed my meal, it was tasty and healthy and very reasonably priced.  It will definitely be one of my favorite places in town from now on! Loved it!
4	I was so excited to see the various menus one of which caters to us non animal eaters! YAY!I have enjoyed the garden burger with kale side salad both times I have been here. I like the open air feel of the place. It is very bright with the tall windows. It can get very loud when it is busy which shows that there are a bunch of happy eaters. The price is just right to pay for fresh ingredients. The employees bring your food to your table and check on you throughout your meal and clear your dishes so you can enjoy chatting with your friends without a table full of dirty dishes. There are purse/bag holders at each table so make sure to use those if necessary. Both times my order came out in a timely manner. Again, I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes for freshness. I did notice a few of the female employees whose hair was worn very loose. I would like to see: hats, hairnets, something to keep their long hair, ponytails, and bangs as far away from the food as possible.
4	On my way to the office I decided to stop in to see what they had to offer. I was excited because I'm a super fan of any new health conscious eating establishment.  Being a vegetarian has definitely limited my options over the year and I long for variety!   It was lunch time and it was a mad house.  I ordered a kale Caesar to go.  I must've waited at least 20 min for such a simple item, but again it was lunch time so I was patient.  When I finally arrived at my office, which was about 15 min from there, I realized there was no dressing on my salad.  Imagine the mini food melt down I was having after that wait!  I immediately called fuming and the manager did a fabulous job of taming my rage level.  He asked if he could send someone to my office with the right salad because he didn't want to ruin my lunch.  He also asked if I wanted an add on like veggie chicken on the house.  How could I be mad? They arrived in less than 20 min with the order and extra dressing.  Now that's how to handle a crappy situation and keep em coming back!  The salad was good but the Customer service was great :)
4	There is LYFE in the District! I stopped in for a girls lunch at LYFE.  I had heard many things about it and was excited to give them a try.  You walk into a bright and open dining area.  Everything was so clean and airy.  They even have their fresh herbs growing near the registers. There are several menus by the front.  I like how they split up menus for those who want gluten free or vegan.  Otherwise there is an 'Everything' menu which is great for me.  Service was very professional, polite and friendly.  I appreciated the fact of employees coming by during our meal to check on how things were.  :-)I chose the fish tacos and sweet corn chowder.  The tacos were filled with grilled mani, chayote slaw, avocado, cilantro, chipotle aioli surrounded by corn tortillas.  The fresh salsa on the side had a wonderful flavor that really complimented the tacos.  The corn chowder was so delicious!  I loved every bite and it came in a big bowl. I would definitely get that again.Overall this is a great place for healthy eating in the District area.  Give them a try!
4	I've eaten here twice and both times the food was good. The sweet potato fries are delish and the unfried buffalo chicken strips were very flavorful and didn't leave me feeling guilty afterwards. The classic breakfast is small so I would avoid that if you're really hungry, but the spinach and avocado frittata was very good! The chipotle potato hash is topped with onions, which I wish I would have known bc I hate onions. We saw another table order the quinoa pancakes and they looked amazing....might have to try those next time!
5	Gluten free menu is extensive and very tasty. Price point is a little expensive but worth it.  They have sparkling water on tap for free. Restaurant is clean and the staff is very efficient.  I suggest the gluten free bbq chicken pizza.
5	I was at this location during a visit with family, and my comment is based on the service. The staff were very accommodating for the finicky preschooler in our party - and I appreciate that. The menu is the same as the one in my city, so I ordered my favorite - the gluten free burger.
5	My husband and I ate here for the first time today. We weren't sure what to expect as it is known as a "healthy restaurant". I have to say we were blown away by the food. We swapped out the kale and carrot salad for a simple side salad with Cesar dressing and it was the best dressing I've ever had! I don't think I've ever liked a salad until now. I had the fish tacos and he had the grass fed burger. Both came out quick and were delicious. We will become regulars here soon and plan on taking my mother-in-law who has a gluten allergy because of the options. The only negative is the price, but for the quality of the food it should be expected.
5	What a great place! The food is delicious and super healthy. I love that they have different options for whatever your diet is. They have 3 menus: everything, vegan and gluten free. They also serve wine/beer. Their coffee is really good and I LOVE that they have raw sugar and stevia -- not a Splenda or Equal in sight!! I had the spinach and avocado frittata and instead of the chipotle potato hash, I got a side of turkey sausage which was really yummy (I did have a bite of the potato hash though and it was really good). I also highly recommend the pumpkin pie latte while it's still in season!
5	I LOVE LYFE. this is my favorite restaurant in Henderson, BY FAR. I love it so much that I think it actually hurts me to read poor reviews about lyfe.ambiance: LOVE. clean. bright. airy. modern. comfortable. perfect for work lunch, brunch with the girls, casual date.  edamame hummus: i don't tend to like edamame hummus in general but decent.sweet corn chowder: delicious. sweet and creamy, yet not too heavy. quinoa crunch bowl: healthy, crunchy goodness. i find that a lot of healthy foods often taste like individual raw ingredients thrown together but the flavors in the quinoa crunch bowl marry quite nicelyfish tacos: who doesn't love fish tacos? delicious. especially love the chayote slaw. adds a nice crunch and freshnessart's unfried chicken: LOVE. very filling. super healthy considering how it tastes. even love all the sides that come with it. excellent healthy alternative when you're craving something greasythai curry bowl: good. solid, but not terribly special, eitherbarramundi noodle bowl: I LOVE THIS DISH SO MUCH. i do think the "noodle" part of the description is misleading because it only comes with a couple strands of soba which don't add anything to the dish. the kimchi broth is actually quite good. yes, it's very watered down compared to an authentic kimchi stew but imparts enough flavor to give it the comfort food feel. always hits the spot. the barramundi has always been perfectly executed-light and buttery. chocolate budino: ok. this i don't love. the pomegranate chia seeds don't really go with the chocolate budino. and the budino tastes like chocolate jello pudding cups. not a fan. the prices aren't low but not unreasonable considering its location/venue/food. i love lyfe. hope we get more places like this in henderson!
4	Cucumber infused Water is Fantastic!!! The fish tacos were Excellent as well & Not Breaded which keeps it Clean & simple. Nice fast delivery to table & good atmosphere :)Approx: $10 tacosWater :$3.75
4	Healthy food is great, but to me it is hard to make "health" food delicious sometimes. Lyfe Kitchen does a good job of making it taste great!Came here the other day for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere and decor of the restaurant was awesome! I ordered the roasted mushroom and goat cheese flatbread and thought it was great. Also, I recommend the ginger mint chia water (or something like that...lol). It too was good.The prices were definitely reasonable too, which is something that is also hard to find at "health food joints".Looking for somewhere to catch a healthy meal for a decent price? Definitely give this place a shot.
5	Great concept for a restaurant. My husband and I are vegan and being vegan you struggle with eating out with other people. Not a problem here. Three different menus; eat anything, gluten free, and vegan. They focus on fresh food too. The vegan chicken is great. Pizza is good too. The desserts are the only thing that falls short. Don't bother wasting your money.
4	Cucumber infused Water is Fantastic!!! The fish tacos were Excellent as well & Not Breaded which keeps it Clean & simple. Nice fast delivery to table & good atmosphere :) I'll be back for sure ! Approx: $10 tacosWater :$3.75
5	Clean interior.  Healthy menu.  Menu items are rather pricey.  I like the play on words.  LYFE stands for Love Your Food Everyday.  Sweet Corn Chowder and Chicken, Mushroom, & Spinach Penne, with a glass of Cucumber Mint water was what I ordered.  The Cucumber Mint water was very refreshing.  Food was a little slow coming out, but once it did, my unhappiness with the speed of service disappeared.  The chowder was absolutely delicious and my pasta dish was on point!  I will definitely be returning to this establishment.
5	When walking in the layout is very clean and inviting. They have different types of menu's that you can choose from. I chose the GF - Gluten Free menu. I ordered sweet corn chowder and Grilled Chicken.The food is healthy and good. I was very surprised.
4	Just hip and fun, fast and cool! Love cucumber mango smoothie but they are out of mangos today!
3	This place was okay, totally did not live up to the hype of all the other reviews. Let me first start off with my order:I ordered the corn chowder, no problem there.I wanted to get the scaloppini chicken dish, which I was told went by a different name now (art something) and cost $1 more than the menu stated. Fine... Annoying, but okay.I also wanted a banilla shake (I had a sore throat and thought it'd be nice) well they were all out. Someone I was with also wanted a salad that was supposed to have kale in it, but I guess they were all out of kale (really guys?).So then for the actual taste of the food:Corn chowder - this was really delicious. Came out first and got me really excited for the main course.The art (chick'n scaloppini thing): maybe just a really bad choice, but this was not great. The Brussels sprouts were undercooked and somewhat tough. The gardein scaloppini was cooked well, but completely flavorless. I guess I could have dipped it into the mediocre sauces, but that wouldn't help much.So other than that, the place was pretty clean and had a nice layout. The food was healthier than most around I think, so that's a plus. I'm pretty sure I won't return though.
