5	Great guy! He's been there forever n tailors to some celebrities that have shows on the strip. He's old school Italian guy, treats u like familia as soon as u walk in. He took in my wedding dress perfectly n only charged $35 because he liked that I was from Hawaii n the bride to be :)
1	If i could leave zero stars, i would. I was in the other day and overheard Joe talking very badly about another customer, which is a very bad sign. He comes across very nice to your face, then talks about you behind your back. He is also extremely sexist - old school Italian machismo i guess. I overheard things I cannot repeat here, I couldn't believe my ears. He may be a decent men's tailor, but what a D-Bag.
5	Joe Milano is the best tailor/alterations specialist in the Vegas valley hands down. He made the dress my wife worn to her son's wedding look like a custom made gown. Great personality to boot. Go see Joe-you won't be sorry!
5	Needed a last minute suite in Las Vegas and I found Milano's fashions here on yelp. Great service, owner Joe is very knowledgable and had my suite fitted and altered the same day. They have a great selection and the service was amazing!!!
1	I wish I could give this place zero stars. I was in here a few weeks ago and left a shirt that needed to be altered. I have never met Joe before but he came off as a real nice guy. Then he started talking about the current events going on in the world and said that Justin Bieber needed to stop hanging out with the (N-word) and go back to his country. (Red flag should have left) He then told me my shirt would be an easy alteration and could get it back to me in one week. I thought that was okay because I needed it for 8 days later. I go back a week later 1 day before I need my shirt and when I come to the door he has an "Oh No!" Look on his face and told me he totally forgot to do my shirt. After I thought he was joking about forgetting to do my shirt I asked him when it would be done and he said no later than the day I needed it at 3:45. So I go back the next day at exactly 3:45 and he still hasn't done my shirt when I need it 3 hours later. So he told me come back in an hour and it'll be done. so I did just that and sure enough when I get back he still doesn't have it done and tells me to wait in the lobby he has 10 minutes left on it. Now he is rushing and scrambling to get my shirt done and when I finally get it back 45 minutes later it looked awful. Not only was I late to my event because this slow poke couldn't finish my shirt but I also had an awful looking shirt. Everything was off about the shirt and it was terrible. I will never recommend this old Italian racist to anyone ever nor will I be giving him any business. This was awful. He also begged me not to write a review on him or tell anyone how slow he was at the alteration. To sum things up DONT GO TO JOE!!!
1	I don't understand why this guy has so many good reviews. He must treat people differently depending upon some kind of personal preference. He was sort of rude to me the first time I went to him.  And he kept me waiting weeks for a basic hem job. However, I wasn't in a rush for the item so I dealt with it. Like a dummy, I went back about a year later because he is the closest tailor to my house. I thought that being a repeat customer would count for something. His attitude was the same. In fact, he was even more obnoxious. Again he kept me waiting for a simple hemming. Plus, he grossly overcharged for it. It was an easy job that I really could have done myself. I wish I had! I thought about telling him off this time but didn't want to get myself all riled up about something as petty as "alterations". I decided to post negative reviews instead. (I suspect that Joe is loosing his marbles.) Now I have discovered  Ready Tux at the Boulevard Mall. I highly recommend them. They are much nicer, faster and cheaper!
5	My first 5* Yelp review.Joe is awesome. I have been taking my suits to him for years now. Whenever I buy a new suit I can't wait to take it to Joe so he can make it look like it was flown in direct from Milan vs direct from the rack at Macy's.His prices are just right and I would be willing to pay more for the level of service and standard of workmanship that Joe provides,Keep it up Joe ! Don't change a thing !
5	The best tailor I have been to period.  I was thoroughly impressed by his knowledge. And Joe is so personable. Went in to get a suit tailored and ended up buying a new suit. This review doesn't do his skill and professionalism justice. He will be my tailor and place I buy suits at from now on. I do not write reviews unless I am above and beyond happy with a purchase and experience. And I  was both. Thanks Joe!
5	I took my jeans to Joe after the tailor at the Fashion Show botched them. Joe not only fixed the mess the Fashion Show tailor created but exceeded what they had even been trying to do. They looked amazing and were delivered when promised. I will definitely go to Joe for all my alterations.
5	The owner Joe is so friendly, accommodating & entertaining it's a wonder how we've never come here before. He's an excellent tailor with a great selection of beautiful suits & accessories for men. He has pictures of celebrities that have seen him for their suits like B.B. King & Ice Tao you know he's good.My bf bought 2 suits from him & had them tailored by Joe. We came back a couple days later to pick them up & when we got back to the hotel he tried them on. They fit perfectly. Looks better & was cheaper than the $350 suit my bf previously purchased & tailored at Dillard's. Joe has been in business for 34 years so you can be sure of the fact that this man knows what he's doing. And to Joe - 'okole maluna & thanks again!
5	Came into milanos and was greeted with the greatest hospitality I have ever had! Finally got to meet the famous Joe Milano! He knew my name as soon as he opened the door and that just made my experience there an even better one. I greatly respect Joe as he told me his history and story behind the store. A lot of history was made within Milanos! Had a great talk with Joe about suits, tailoring, the store, the history, etc. Greatly appreciate everything sir! Joe is my personal tailor now! God bless Mr. Milano thank you!
5	I've been going to him for any kind of alterations. He is the best. I've been going to him for all my suits, pants and shirts. Now I finally realize that you feel good when you have great fitting outfits. Joe knows his stuff! He's been doing this for more than 3 decades, and with that experience you know that you'll be more than happy when you wear them. I've been going to different tailors before, now that I've found Joe, never I will go to another tailor.Thank you, Joe!
5	I found Milano's Fashions online looking for suits. This place had excellent reviews so I dropped in to see what they had. Joe was great, and was never pushy. He let me take my time trying on multiple suits and answering any questions I had. The pricing & service was great as well. I feel like I bought a custom tailored suit and not one right off a rack. They have a good variety in stock to choose from, I highly recommend going to Joe for a suit or any alterations.
