5	Music matters, and listening to records on the right equipment makes the experience amazing. HiFi not only sells the best record players, speakers, and accessories, but they are the most knowledgeable people to help you put together a system to meet your needs. The listening room gave me a great idea of what I was looking for, and I even picked up a record to play on it while I was there. Friendly, high quality service from people who really know their business. Highly recommended!
5	As soon as I walked in Arizona Hi-Fi I knew this was a place for serious sound. Tons of crazy looking amps, really beautiful looking speaker set-ups, and lots of record players. They will have everything you need to get incredible sound from your home stereo system.My friends and I got schooled in a little "Audio 101" in their sound room from the owner, who was super cool and very knowledgeable. In about 10 minutes he taught me so much about acoustics my head was spinning when I left. The sound was INCREDIBLE. I appreciated that he took the time to drop some serious knowledge.It was nice to go to a store where someone was an expert in what they sell, sadly shops like this are few and far between these days. Thanks for the knowledge, I will definitely return for all my hi-end audio needs!
5	These dudes are super helpful. I had been thinking about a hi-fi system for a while, and finally took the leap yesterday. After my purchase, Glen set-up my table (a pretty in-depth process) and showed me how to maintain and adjust it at home. He easily could have sold me on additional gear, but instead encouraged me to go home and listen to the system, really take it in, and upgrade as I go. They truly love audio and appreciate great gear, and it shows in their business. Yes it's expensive, but we aren't buying JBLs here. Their prices hang with any of the online guys, and their face-to-face service is much better. Can't wait to pick up my next few pieces from these guys.
5	Great stereo shop, with a focus on tube electronics and turntables.  I've dealt mainly with Glen and Jim, the gentleman who does repairs.  My city, Albuquerque, doesn't have a shop that sells or repairs Shindo amplifiers (or any tube amplifiers), but AZ HiFi does.  In fact, until the US distributer started using them to do repairs, owners had to ship amps back to Shindo in Japan (I did and it was expensive).  Jim did a great job repairing my Shindo amplifier!These guys are so generous with their expertise and I would really trust their guidance about any new equipment purchases.  There is no hard sell here.  A few days ago, I came to Phoenix on a trip, and Glen helped me troubleshoot my Shindo preamplifier.  He took the time to hook it up for a listen in their auditioning room.  It turned out to be perfectly fine, and he suggested that it could be ground hum from my power at home.  I really appreciated the time he spent helping me. I think that they are the only Shindo dealer in the southwest, but they also sell Audio Research and excellent, but less, expensive tube electronics from Line Magnetic and Rogue.  They are also a DeVore speaker dealer - the Orangutan is an exquisite speaker for low watt tube amps.Glen also carries a sweet selection of turntables and also cartridges from EMT and Ortofon.  It is impressive for a small shop to carry so much cool stuff in stock.  Many bigger shops will only special order high end cartridges.  By the way, these are some of the best cartridges for "music lovers," people who love music, versus audiophiles, who often focus more on how the audio equipment sounds - and there is a difference.It's a pretty special shop and Glen is a guy who gives a ****.
1	The owner seems like a nice guy, but the other person who works there is bad enough I won't come back.
5	I have spent considerable time and money at AZ Hi-FI over the past 7 years, going back when Dan managed the shop in Tempe.  I recently purchased a ARC amp from Glen and couldn't be happier with the purchase.  Glen listens first, considers your budget and tries his best to get you into the right equipment.  Its a great shop, low pressure, if any pressure at all, not like some other shops in the valley. I have been an audiophile for 25 years and you must make a stop into AZ Hi-FI before you make any future purchases.
5	Great service. very knowledgable about electronics.
5	I am ignorant when it comes to quality audio equipment - all I knew walking in was I needed a record player, and I wanted it to be good enough to compliment my Bang & Olufsen components.Glen showed me a selection of turntables and we decided on one that would be a great fit for my needs. We spent hours talking, and I no point did I feel he was pressuring me to spend more or buy more than I needed. The shop has some amazing inventory - and as I need pieces, I will definitely be going back.Friendly, professional and NO pressure. It was a real pleasure doing business with these guys, and I may just bring in some records on a slow Saturday to listen in the room with the killer acoustics and equipment that I definitely can appreciate, but not afford. WOW.
