4	The food was pretty good. Kind of typical especially for the price though. The service was a little lack luster but nothing really noteable to complain about.
4	Hint: reservation a mustCrowded; great value for all-you-eat-pasta; small $ supplement for sausage, meatballs, chickenFriendly & cool food service by LinzyNice small dessert samplerDelish pumpkin cheese cakeWine & beer
3	I always love olive garden and there endless soup and salad... tried the new  meals not a fan of them but olive garden is a old classic. This one is always busy because its across from the mall so it would be in your best interest to make a reservation if you don't want to end up waiting and hour.
4	It's Olive Garden so, I pretty much know what to expect in terms of food. I expect decent, consistent food at a reasonable price and this location delivers. The shining star(s) of this location are the two servers who we dealt with last night. Sandra and Andi...they were just awesome! Very friendly, not pushy, quick to refill drinks without being asked and just generally nice. I will be requesting thier section next time I'm there.
4	Olive Garden... What can I say except to quote Tony the Tiger, "They're GREAAAT!" I've never had a bad experience at an Olive Garden. We went to this restaurant last week and the servers were great, the food was great and the ambiance was great. Lovin' it!!!Only one thing has ever bothered me about this chain... I am a lover of olives, especially black olives and I can eat them by the basketful. Why does a chain that professes to be a gardener of these black jewels always seem to be so stingy with them? I think they're Olive Hoarders rather than gardeners. I have never (in all my visits) seen more than TWO olives in their huge salad bowl. Come on! You're Olive GARDEN. Show us some love....Release the olives!!!
4	I love the minestrone soup and salad, what makes it even better is you can eat as much as you want without getting charged! Plus, they don't ever mind about giving you a different soup after finishing your first bowl. It lost one star because I don't like anything else from Olive Garden...
1	I never wrote a mean review before but unfortunately, I had to for this particular Olive Garden. My family owns a restaurant and I am exceptionally sympathetic to servers and kitchen staff, but I couldn't even offer that with this restaurant.I took one of my best friends out to lunch yesterday and had an awful experience while we were there. It took a few minutes for our waitress to come to our table, but that is never a big deal to me. When she came to take our drink orders, we asked for lemon water and a cherry coke. That is a total of two drinks - why did it take longer than 15 minutes to receive?Then, our food. We ordered an appetizer (stuffed mushrooms) and as common sense goes, appetizers should be the first order to the kitchen so you can munch while waiting for your main entrees. That didn't happen. Our appetizer took over 30 minutes to arrive and for most people, I get irritated when I'm hungry. Still, I was incredibly polite to her because I know what it feels like to be a waitress (even if it's my family's place). I think our server is one of those people who might not care to satisfy friendly customers - they take advantage of kindness and give priority to customers who are screaming and yelling instead. To not continue this long rant, our entrees didn't show up for another thirty minutes. I asked about the wait two times and she said, verbatim, "yeah I don't really know what's taking so long. I forgot to put the order in but it still shouldn't take this long for lasagna." That was unprofessional and I asked to speak to a manager at that point, but, surprise surprise! The manager never showed up and we had to wait an additional 15 minutes before we decided to forget about it and leave. I didn't forget, though. It was supposed to be a nice lunch with a friend and because I didn't get to speak to a manager, I had to put a review on Yelp.
3	I have eaten at several different Olive Gardens in several different states. Most all have the same look and feel. One thing I have a hard time understanding is even when the place is almost empty of people and there are lots of tables you have to wait for at least 10 min to be seated? I usually go for their never ending pasta, and salad. Value priced and you can get several different pasta dishes. I have always received good service from very helpful waiters and waitresses. Their restaurants are always clean and well lighted. Why the 3? Well.....First their food is good. It is not great. Their choices are limited. Most choices are just a variation on another dish. Why should you go. Their food is good and you get great value for your dollar. Just what a lot of us are looking for.
5	Olive Garden is the favorite restaurant of my fiance and myself. We can't get enough of it and we even got engaged at an Olive Garden.This location is probably the one that we have visited most of all. I love it, but like most Olive Gardens the wait for a table can be long. Other than that Olive Garden is almost the perfect restaurant for us!The breadsticks and salad are amazing starters, and we almost always order an appetizer of calamari as well. So by the time we get to the main course we are already almost full from great food. Everything I have basically ever had here has been very good! We usually end up with some great leftovers. I love the Andes mints that they give at the end too!
3	Mediocre food for dirt cheap prices great if you're going out to get s*** house drunk. Close to all sorts of other places to get that done. This location can be very busy so try to avoid weekends and after work dinner times if you are super hungry.
4	I know... OG?!!? Jeremy the bartender is great ! Stopped in for lunch. Split a mixed grill. Light dressing on salad. Saved calories , got stuffed , saved money. Pretty decent meal :)
3	Food was good and quick, service was nice, I don't like the rooms that are off to the side so when the server bends over while helping another table, you get ass close to your face.
3	I always love Olive Garden, the food never disappoints. Last time we went though, (May 2013) my husband and I had an... interesting waiter.  We are a young married couple and I was very pregnant at the time. I don't know if it was because we looked young and 'cool' but he kept cussing (Which we are Christian and don't really enjoy being around that, especially when we are trying to have a romantic dinner) He kept forgetting things like our breadsticks which we didn't get until we were almost finished with our meal (I like to dip my breadsticks in my soup and didn't get to) and neglected to notice when our drinks were empty. It was a busy prom night so normally I would give him the benefit of the doubt.. But I noticed a table near us had complained about him and the store manager took over and finished serving that table to make sure they left happy. The main issue I had with our server...? As I said I was quite pregnant, which he noticed. I ordered a salad which comes in the big bowl. I finished most of it and asked for more. He said "Sure! But just so you know, that size salad usually feeds a family of four." I looked at my husband with the most shocked look as he walked away. He's lucky I wasn't one of those hormonal pregnant woman that has a hard time accepting all that extra gained weight! I was appalled! He continued to make another comment when I asked for a refill of my soup. The ONLY reason I didn't complain to a manager was that he gave us fresh soup and salad to take home with us, free of charge. I don't LIKE complaining so I decided that he had saved himself. I only wish I remembered his name.. Rude.
1	I don't even know where to start with this review but I will say the one star is too high of a rating considering my experience. My mom and I met up for a late lunch arriving at 3:30ish and were seated next to the busy chaotic kitchen. I had a bad feeling about sitting in this area but went with the flow as not to be a Debbie downer. 3 months ago my mom had left her glasses behind so she asked the woman who sat us if she knew if anybody had ever turned them in by any chance. The woman was very rude with her response and I tried to brush it off. Then our waitress came by and took our drink order and promptly brought us our water. As she was about to take our order another waitress walks up to her and tells her very rudely I'm here to take over your shift....and something else I can't remember now. So the new waitress takes our order without introducing herself and with the shittiest whatever attitude and just walks away while I was still talking to her. At this point I am ready to walk out but my mom is talking to the manager and trying to find out what the hell is wrong with the wait staff. The manager assures my mom he will have a chat with the girls with the bad attitude so we decide to stay. We are both trying to be positive and let things go but then my mom caught about 6 of the waitresses talking about us on her way back to our table from a ladies room break. They never even noticed she passed right by them and they continued on making faces and staring at us from the middle of the restaurant. I am now full on uncomfortable, irritated and losing my appetite and I don't lose it very easily let me tell you. So now my back is tensing up and hurting and I am having a lot of anxiety and another waitress walks up and ask me if I am ok. I tell her no and let her know about the ghetto gossiping bitches and she tries to tell me they weren't talking about us. My mom then tells her that she knows how to read lips having had two deaf extended family members and her response was oops oh. I guess she went and told a different manager something because then he came out to talk to us and he too agrees to chat with the wait staff.  Now you probably think it couldn't get any worse IT DOES! We had finally received our food and I was just about to take my first bite of food and one of the gossiping girls passed by with a big tray of dirty dishes and dishing out some dirty looks at us as well. Well needless to say the dummy dropped all the dishes. I had little shards of glass on the front of my shirt and I am sure some went in our food. One very nice waitress came and apologized and told us she was going to make all of our food fresh because glass had gone everywhere but that was the last straw. We got up and walked out and went to the Olive Garden at Metro (my review for them will be on their page). I can not believe through all of that the managers did not try to even make the situation better they just let us leave upset. I will be calling corporate on Monday because something needs to be done about the ghetto girls they have working there. My suggestion is steer clear of this Olive Garden if you are looking to have a nice experience.
1	Had crappy service today . Waited 10 minutes for someone to show up to take order , wait by show up I mean I had to flag someone down to come to the table which I wasn't pleased with , then they take forever to bring our drinks , then when we finally receive our food no silverware to eat with and once again had to flag someone down to receive anything. Not too pleased with service . You would think it would be better since they aren't very busy ?
4	The service was really good I had the Tour of Italy very delicious and My Son had the never ending Pasta and Meatballs the soup and salad were great and the breadsticks yummy I will return here
1	My boyfriend and I went this weekend and normally we love Olive Garden, but not this time.    My fettuccine alfredo was more like noodles with about a tbsp of alfredo sauce for the entire dish.  It wasn't hot at all, it looked like it had been sitting out waiting to be served to me, luke warm, sticky, not even enough alfredo sauce to cover all the noodles.   Make sure you toss your salad, because the dressing is all on the bottom, and our lettuce seemed a bit brown.  I also ordered something on the menue that said, "New" which led me to beliver they would have it, but no they didn't have it, I find that rather odd.  Our waitress, Brittany I believe her name was..... well she came by our table a total of 4 times before she noticed we needed more drinks, she asked her other tables how their food was, but not once were we asked how everything was, or I would have made it a point to complain.  I just didn't see the point of complaining, just wanted to get out of there.  It took forever to get our check and our box and then when she did box things up, she didn't give us the breadsticks.. so I put them in myself.  It would have been nice to have been asked if we wanted them.  Who doesn't want the breadsticks???  For nearly $13.00 for my fettuccine alfredo to get what I would call extremely poor, we wont be going back there anytime soon.
4	Seems every time I go to an Olive Garden, I leave completely satisfied.  This location, in which I went to while visiting in the area, was no different.  Like all Olive Gardens, quality of service and speed of food delivered is always in correlation to the time you patronize the restaurant.  I make it a point to stay away from this and these types of places during their busiest times.  I showed up this time pre-dinner on a Friday. Sat right down in the bar area, not crowded whatsoever. Kelly was my waitress, very nice and attentive.Received the customary bread sticks (yummy) and my drink.  Wanted to go light and went with the Caprellini Pomodoro.  Excellent as always. Began with the always delicious minestrone soup. Finished my meal and departed.  Upon leaving, the lobby was PACKED!  And this is why I go early.  Great location, just across the street from the mall. There are a lot of other places in the area to eat, but I seem to get lucky whenever I visit Olive Garden.
1	I typically love olive garden it has always been a go to for us when we want to dine out. Today's experience was a complete disaster.  Our waitress was nice and all but my the meat on my lasagna was Uncooked and I mentioned it to her and her response was let me ask the kitchen then she didn't say anything else about it the rest of the night I had to stop a manager and explain to him and his response was we went with a new meat sauce so it just taste different.  Ummmmmmmmm no its not cooked I don't think that is a different sauce taste! Then I get my bill to find I was charged for an extra meal and drink she had to take my ticket back 2 times to get it right. Now I have an additional $50 charge on my card because she ran it twice and now I have to wait for it to fall off! Horrible experience, if you are going to spend your money on a meal pick somewhere else!
3	Our experience was...odd.  There were plenty of tables but we still had to wait 10 minutes to be seated, the hostess literally didn't look up at us once. She just kinda grunted that it'd be a minute & to have a seat while we wait...okaaaaaay. When we finally got to our table our server was very sweet. Food came fast & tasted great. It got a little weird when I needed a to-go box. The table next to us & I both asked for boxes, she went to them, put their food in the boxes, put the boxes in a bag & sweetly handed it to them...us...well, she just kinda set the boxes on our table & walked off. I found it really odd that she so sweetly bagged up their meal but couldn't even wait 2 seconds to say, "here you go" while putting them on our table. I just found it very strange & a little rude.
5	Good service and great food.  Came in 15 minutes before closing. They seated us wright away without complaints.
3	I guess we came at the wrong time. The hostess didn't have a " Seater" so that confused her. Our server acted like he really didn't want a new table and when I asked about silverware, the reply was... The hostess has one job, and they can't do that! We ordered and waited forever just for salad and bread... I guess it was a ruff night the night before. When the salad finally came.. We were told how he had to go into the back cooler to get it ?!?! TMI I am only giving 3 stars because it is comfort food go to for us... In other words, it's my daughters favorite.
3	Like every other Olive Garden. This time around the staff was super friendly and attentive. Not something I'm used to. Made th experience much better. Great location.
3	Our server was amazing. He attended to our needs very promptly. Our meals went smoothly, except, at the end of my mom's meal, she found a hair in her pasta. This grossed her out and ruined her meal on her birthday. Boo!
4	For a chain restaurant it is one of my favorites.  I have to be very careful especially with pasta due to diabetes.  I was there twice in the last 3 weeks.  The first time the all you eat salad was like it was laying around for hours, very soggy.  I ate it anyway (my bad, should have said something I know they would make it right).  I do like their new Ziosk on the table, you can order right there, call your server and pay your bill all at once.  That is definitely a big plus for me!  The second time was last week.  Had the chicken flatbread and the minestrone soup.  Cant go wrong with any of their soup.  Hot and tasty in any season.  All in all I will be back to any of their restaurants.
5	Of course it is crowded on a Friday night. We sit at the bar instead of waiting 30+ minutes. The bar tender Jason was a rock star behind the bar. He was able to take orders, prepare drinks, answer staff and patrons questions without missing a beat. Awesome time and if you go to the bar ask for Jason.
1	Wow the have to get it together, I came in for a to go soup and it took 20 minutes now I'm back to pick up something I forgot and have been standing here for 10 minutes while managers and servers walk around.And yes there is a ration and charge for breadsticks, I thought these were bottomless.   Meh.....Make eye contact, acknowledge the customer and provide service.
2	I haven't been to an OG (Olive Garden) in about a few months - however, stopped by this Glendale location in which I have been to a few times with the family.  Olive Garden, is far from authentic Italian food - but since the removal of fast Italian food around such as Fazzolis, and not wanting to go fancy schmancy - I opted for the OG on this specific date.  Now, I see they have these fancy computer tablet thingies that sits on the table(s).  That's fine and dandy and all - however, at no point was I informed that THEY WILL CHARGE YOU FOR PLAYING TABLE GAMES TO PASS TIME SUCH AS TRIVIA - Oh yeah, could have it been the fact that I was using silly screen names vs. all others in which I absolutely destroyed in trivia such as the movie section - or the fact that OG is starting to lose it in stocks and are forcing to go below the belt tactics in order to garner a few bucks.$1.99 charged on my e-receipt for table games?  Are you $hi**ing me???  Don't play these games folks especially when you could do it on your phone?  WTH?  I don't get charged at other locations such as TGI Fridays or Chilis for the table games - absolutely ridiculous.
3	I've been here a few times and the food is pretty good.  The service is usually pretty fast and the waiters are friendly. Today though this olive garden really disappointed.  My girlfriend and I walk in around 2:00 on Saturday and I was expecting a litrle bit of a wait but this was just stupid. The hostess took my name and handed me one of those little pagers telling me it would be 10-15 minutes. Pretty reasonable on a busy afternoon. After about 20 minutes I notice a man is talking to the hostess about he and his family of 5 are still waiting to be seated and have ben skipped over by multiple parties. The hostess says she doesnt have his name on the computer but he is obviously holding a pager and had been waiting for awhile. The hostess. Had a couple more complainta of people waiting from people being skipped and just as I was getting impatient my girlfried went up and asked if the same problem had happeded to us and it had. My biggest problem with this isnt the computer its that the hostess has eyes and if she bothered to take a look around she would see that the same people are still standing in front of her while she continues to call other names. I waited almost half an hour for what was supposed to be 10 minutes. Thats why I rated this place the way I did. The foods good. The place is busy. Ther servers are nice. But its pricey for what it is, the wait was long, and the hostesses because there were two had no common sense.
5	Food was fabulous like always and our waitress was the sweetest and super helpful! Will definitely go back to this location
