4	I order Charlotte wall size maps from this store every year and appreciate the updates they always have. Prices are reasonable, and the store is full f maps for any age...check it out
5	I ordered 4000 map tacks for an art project through the Map Shop.  I had contacted them via email to ask about some of the colors and Philip spent so much time with me making sure I was happy with my purchase.  He even sent me pictures of the various colors!  So helpful, customer service at its finest.  Price wise, they beat the other companies I contacted and had a much better selection as well.
4	My husband has a small obsession with globes, and had his eye on a globe at COSTCO, but I convinced him to check out TMS, and he wasn't disappointed! The folks working here are very friendly and helpful, nice selection of wall maps, kids activities, guide books, and travel gear. TIP: The clearance bin of maps are maps that have been laminated but have wrinkles...if you don't mind the wrinkles, these are AWESOME values.  We saw a regular priced map selling for $32, but it was just $2 because it had a large clear wrinkle in it. I ain't no wrinkle snob!Worth checking out-- nice place for all your mapping needs!  (Who knew a person could have map needs?)
5	Fantastic store and staff...really appreciate that this kind of business still exists. Nice young man helped me find the perfect maps for our son's wedding welcome bags and...best part? The ones he found were FREE! Thanks for helping make our guests feel welcome (and oriented!) in the QC
5	Maps are STILL Relevant!  If I'm "Mapping out" a small area, like a part of Charlotte in Perspective to the Whole area and surrounding areas of Mecklenburg, or somewhere I'm unfamiliar with!  For me it is helpful to have a Map Book and a Big 'Flat" Map!  Computers are helpful, though still seem limited in certain situations. Here they have some pretty Cool Globes too!  Gift idea's for Fathers Day... I'm not buying a Map for anyone other than myself... My friends who are teens and Twenties can use a Paper Map, though if I gave them one they would say... _______ !Parking can be a little tricky, though I have always found one of the last couple of spots.
4	A map shop in 2013?? We took a stroll after going to the farmer's market across the street. Spotted The Map Shop and decided to take a peek. There are so many different maps from hand maps, globes and even laminated wall maps. They have everything from all the states in the US to Chile, Athens, Malaysia, Sicily and much much more. Despite the easy access to GPS systems, smart phones and Google maps, there are many that still cling on to the original navigation system of eyes, maps and a good sense of direction. My dad still whips out his 6 ft map and lays it out on the living room floor when he is in search of an address (yet he has an iPhone, but I digress). If you're one of these rare creatures, the "map readers," this place probably has any map you desire! Me, on the hand....you can give me a map and I have a pair of eyes to see it, but there is really no synergy between the two. Nonetheless, what an interesting store!
5	We ordered a world map for our missionaries board at church. It was exactly as it looked on the web. Also very happy with the quick delivery! Would recommend this company! They have a lot of variety also!
5	I ordered a large, mounted wall map from the online store as a birthday present. The Map Shop has a great product that allows beautifully printed maps to be economically mounted for display on any wall of your choosing. Furthermore - they can come mounted on a board such that you can easily insert pins to track travel or anything else you'd like to use the map for. Unfortunately - due to a glitch in the ordering system I didn't get exactly what I wanted/ordered. There was a minor feature missing that I had asked to be included. As soon as the owner, Ted, found out about my dissatisfaction he jumped into action and went above and beyond what my expectations were to resolve the situation. Between the end product I received and the honest customer service this is easily a 5 star review. I look forward to doing more business together in the future.
