5	Went in the restaurant and it was pretty much empty.  The waiter said that the business has been slow so that they had to stop doing the buffet.  We looked over the menu and they had a large variety of seafood, steak, chicken, and sushi dishes and combinations.  All the dinners came with all you can eat soup, salad, and dessert bar.  I chose the shrimp and filet Mignon steak plate and husband had shrimp, scallop, and filet steak plate.  I was pleasantly surprised how tender my steak was.  It practically melted in my mouth.  The shrimp were very good also and I received a dozen of smaller sized jumbo shrimp.  I don't know how many ounces the steak was but we both brought home a good bit of it in boxes for we couldn't finish it all.  It also came with your choice of rice, white or fried... and grilled mixed veggies.  The tea, both sweet and unsweet was very good as well.  I am sad to say that I doubt this place will be open much longer for the lack of customers and it is a shame since the food is quite good.  Our dinners were $16.99 and $17.99 and I thought well worth the money!  Hope you can try it out before they have to close up shop!!This is the restaurant that is kind of across the street on Monroe rd from Greg's BBQ kitty corner in the Hillside Plaza that used to be a Chinese buffet and then it was a Tropical Buffet and Grill
5	PLEASE GIVE THIS PLACE A CHANCE!I happened upon this place while on my way for Mexican... and promptly did a u-turn on Monroe road to check this place out. First off-do not let the outside appearance fool you. The inside is IMMACULATE with white marble tile floors, beautiful lighting (including edgy lighting and a gorgeous traditional chandelier), two large buffet lines (only one was in use while I was there), new seating, crisp, and so clean you could have probably eaten off their floor.Second-it smelled AMAZING. I was a little put off since we were one of three tables seated at 7 on a Saturday... but didn't let that bother me long. The servers were so friendly and sweet-and once we ordered (Hibachi chicken and steak, raw for me; hibachi chicken for my friend), we went to the bar-where you could have all-you-can-eat salad/pasta, soup, AND dessert! (and the desserts weren't whimpy-they had traditional Japanese cheesecake (ha ha that's clearly a joke), cookies, various puddings and icecream.)We ate our salads (and the salad wasn't iceberg-I had mesculin mix and my friend had romaine), and our soup (they had two kinds: I got the traditional onion and she had the potato). Our meals came out on HUGE plates, sizzling hot. More than I could eat in TWO meals. And so good! The rice was cooked perfectly, the mixed vegetables also (cooked but still slightly crunchy), my steak was rare, and the chicken was so succulent it was like eating a forbidden fruit. I'm not exaggerating too much!They brought out the shrimp and ginger sauces in squeezable containers (like you'd find mustard and ketchup in). Worked for me! I didn't have to ask for more, which I usually do at a Hibachi place.So-I got all-you-can-eat salad/soup/dessert AND delicious Hibachi that I made two meals out of... for $8. EIGHT DOLLARS! How can you afford not to love this place? The food was FANTASTIC Hibachi!Other notes: They DO serve beer, serving traditional Japanese beers and a few domestic. They also had plum wine! They DO have a TV. I happened to be there while the Masters were on. They DO have a lot of room. Could serve huge groups. They DO have kid friendly food.All in all-TRY THIS PLACE! I will definitely go back again and again!
1	CLOSED DOWNnow Stacks kitchen occupies that space-----------------------------------------------------The rave reviews never convinced me to give it a try. I'd think locals would line up for cheap great food, seems nobody else bought into the hype either?  Having said this Hibachi grills were popular back in the seventies, the rest of the world has moved on ... for a reason
