5	What an awesome doctor's office!  Dr. Dunsmoor is great!So I haven't really had a regular doctor for a few years.  Luckily I don't get sick often and just haven't needed to visit a regular doctor in a while.  I am a mom now though, so I figured it is time I start doing regular checks just to make sure everything running the way it needs to, so I am around for my little one.  My hubby has actually been going to Dr. Dunsmoor for a while now and recommended I check him out to become my regular doctor.  My hubby had only said great things about this office, so I went with his suggestion.  I am so glad I listened to him on this too!  Let me tell you why...My favorite part of my visit was that I actually got called back at my appointment time!  Like right on the dot 1:45 and they called me back.  I don't think that has ever happened at any medical appointment I have ever been to, EVER.  I told my husband and he told me it is always like that when he goes as well.  So major points on being on time.My second part was when I was called back, I did everything with the nurse and she then set me in my room.  She said the doctor would be in in a couple of minutes, so I got out my magazine to check up on the gossip because I figured I would be waiting awhile, like every other doctor's office.  Before I even finished the first page, Dr. Dunsmoor walked in.  Again, I was totally shocked.  A doctor that is onetime!!!! Amazing!Dr. Dunsmoor was also a refreshing change to my regular doctor experiences.  He is a very gentle guy and speaks with you, not at you.  We talked about the things I had on my mind and he answered everything and explained it all in regular English, so it was all easy to understand.  He made me feel important to him and valued.  I am used to rushed HMO visits, so this was a huge change for me and I loved it!  Dr. Dunsmoor is a younger doctor, so he seems like he is up to date on new information and techniques.  My whole experience was just great!I would recommend this office and Dr. Dunsmoor to anyone who needs a doctor.  The office staff is very nice and friendly.  They operate like a well oiled machine, so your office visit runs smoothly.  The nurses are friendly and helpful.  Dr. Dunsmoor is a wonderful.  He even looks a little like Jesus, so that doesn't hurt either!  And most importantly, you are important to them, not just a paycheck!  If you need a new doctor or looking for a good one in this neighborhood, do check out Horizon View Medical Center and see Dr. Dunsmoor!
5	All of the staff here are courteous and polite. A few of the nurses may not be the brightest but hey, they are nice and they do their job. I haven't had a doctor for about six years now so I decided to try my parents'. I was called back before my appointment time!! And I didn't wait for the nurse or doctor for more than five minutes!! I was blown away because that just simply does not happen at medical offices. Dr. Damaj is an amazing doctor. He really listens to you and treats you like an equal. He can laugh with you but then at the same time address what needs to be addressed. Even if you have a list of six different concerns, he will listen to each one and treat each one as if it's something serious. I told him in concerned about my thyroid, so he ordered me a blood test. He doesn't think he knows more about my body than me. He's very nice, intelligent, and truly caring of his patients and their well being. I won't be going anyone else!! Dr. Damaj rocks!!
4	Dr. Dunsmoor is a wonderful Doctor once you can actually get in to see him!  I still miss my wonderful Dr. Chun who's medical assistant would get you in for an appointment if you were sick within 48 hours - none of this having to wait a week.
5	Love the doctors But the office staff needs help badly Get rid of them and start over .  But like I said the doctors are great
5	Dr.  Damaj is great,  very attentive, and personable.  His nurse is also very nice and attentive.  The front desk staff needs improvement.  The person calling patients back for Dr.  Dunsmor sits in the very front,  and in the waiting area we can here everything,  all the personal information from first and last name to what came up in their blood work.  Maybe these calls need to be made from a private area with a closed door.  The waiting room is too small,  the chairs are clustered too close together.  Their is a second waiting room,  but it's only used when people are standing in the first waiting room.  The office could benefit from a better layout.
5	I couldn't be happier with Horizon View Medical, I've had two appointments and each time I got in at my appointed time. Dr. Dunsmoor is wonderful, you won't find a more caring Dr. The staff is great, they are friendly and very efficient. I feel very fortunate to have found this practice!
5	This was my first visit as a patient to Horizon View Medical Center.  The young lady at the reception window was polite, friendly and helpful.The paper work they asked me to fill out was reasonable.  The young lady who took my blood pressure, etc. was polite and friendly.My opinion of Dr. Jenevizian is  . . .  he is calm, friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.  He is a good listener and he speaks very clearly.I was able to have blood drawn right at their office so that was an extra convenience.The phlebotomist who drew my blood was quick, friendly and professional.The wait times at each stage of my visit today were very reasonable.Based on my visit today, I rate this medical office 5 out of 5 stars.
5	I had seen Dr. Saud at his older office a couple of years ago. When I needed more testing done I found that he had moved locations to horizon view medical center. While getting someone to pick up the phones has been difficult,  they squeezed me into the schedule right away, and got me set up for the procedure I need. Dr. Saud and his staff treated me Like a priority and i truly appreciate that. Would recommend him to anyone.
