5	Bravo is a chain Italian restaurant run out of Columbus, Ohio.  Not a promising start for a review, no?Well, they must do things differently in Columbus, because the food is outstanding and reasonable priced ($10-$22 per entree).  I found the Chicken Milanase to be outstanding, even if I don't know how to spell it.  The Mixed Grill of beef and chicken was also superb, with perfectly cooked meat and an excellent sauce.Every time I've been there, service has been classy, friendly and attentive.All Bravo restaurants I've seen are sparkling clean and immacualte, even the restrooms.In a sense, I hate to write a review like this.  I wish I could love the local places, supposedly run by real people with heart.  But almost all the local places I've seen have sloppy service, mediocre food and restrooms so dirty even a cockroach would be appalled.It's downright embarassing for the best Italian place in Pittsburgh to be run by an impersonal chain out of Columbus.  But they do great work, and it deserves our appreciation - and patronage.
4	Since this was an Italian "Chain" Restaurant, I wasn't expecting much but the food was actually pretty good.  This coming from someone who actually doesn't mind Olive Garden once in a while though.  Think Olive Garden but slightly more upscale.    I probably wouldn't be back because when I am on vacation, I usually like to stick to places that I wouldn't be able to try anywhere else.  Try to get to places which are part of a city's culture.  So Chains would probably be out of the picture but I would recommend it to locals if you've never been there.....
4	I like Bravo. I mean I realize it is a chain but I like chains. If the food is good and the service isn't too horrible and I don't feel like I am being devoured by capitalist America it ends up being not so bad.I most frequently order the Pasta Woozie. I like saying the word Woozie. Sometimes we joke about it and say in a sing-song childish voice "Do you want the Woozie?" which a waitress said to me once. It tastes good.
2	I dont like bravo. there are better italian chains. this time i orderd the gnocchi and scallops. the gnocchi was not sauced enough and then it was totally overcooked. my co-workers chicken was undercooked. i guess what annoyed me the most about this place was that we made a reservation for 10 ppl and made us arrive at 5pm promptly or they could not guarantee a table. only to find that it was completely empty when we arrived, granted still early for dinner....but even when we left two hours later....the restaurant wasnt even half full. it could have been a staffing issue. overall, olive garden does it better, and carrabas does it way better.
4	Bravo is pretty much the Italian version of the Cheesecake Factory.  Their interiors are so similar I wondered if the two were related, but they don't seem to be.That being said, I had some of the best eggplant parmesan I have ever had here last night and I am a big fan of eggplant.  It was even good leftover for lunch today.
4	For March Break (the perks of being a teacher), I decided to drive down to North Carolina from my humble abode in Toronto. After driving for a good five hours, I found myself in Cranberry Township for the night. The hotel where I was staying had a promotional offer - as a guest at the Holiday Inn Express, I was entitled to a 10% discount on a meal from Bravo Cucina Italiana. As previously mentioned, this is a "chain" and there are five locations throughout the Pittsburgh area. The restaurant is very, very clean (including the washrooms). The staff are all professional and courteous. Pricing of the food is very reasonable. Dinner for three totaled approximately $45. We were happy with our selection and would recommend the following: - Eggplant Parmigiana, it comes with a fettuccine Alfredo pasta side, which is delicious - Pepperoni and Banana Pepper Pizza, it is extremely hot! - Pasta bolognese, it is simple, but good. I don't see myself back any time soon; however, this is purely due to the fact that I don't live in Pittsburgh nor do I go to Pittsburgh often.
4	A Nice Experience :)PROS:Great serviceMeal was really good (I ordered Salmon which was surprisingly fresh!) and very tasty!Reasonably PricedCONS:Parking (large parking area which a gazillion retailers and establishments share.  Problematic at times)Chain/Corporate establishment
2	Great, small Italian places abound in Western Pennsylvania.  This isn't one of them.  The cavernous, faux-Roman interior looked like an exploded Cheesecake Factory.  The pasta dishes are that new-wave Italian that can be found in chains from Macaroni Grill to Carraba's - a red sauce verging on salsa.  I'm surprised they even bother to heat it.  Maybe they should sprinkle tortilla chips on top.I guess I have a thing for comfort food;  I like mama's sauce.  And there are a lot of options around that are almost as good as mama's, if not better (although I'd never tell her that).  And they all include a salad.But the place did do one thing I wish local restaurants would pick up on.  Waitresses are armed with pitchers of real, honest-to-goodness, brewed, unsweet iced tea.
3	Decent Italian chain. We got the salmon salad, lobster ravioli alla vodka, and the lobster bisque appetizer. Nothing really stood out. But, nothing was bad, either. Lobster bisque had little lobster in it. The bread and olive oil was OK. The interior of the restaurant was decent. High ceilings and a lot of seats. We went in at 9pm and were out by 10:10pm to catch our 10pm movie. The service was slow at the end (we waited for our credit cards to be taken for 10 minutes), although we had notified our waitress early on. Tastes like a chain, looks like a chain, acts like a chain, so it must be a chain. We were not disappointed, but were not thrilled either.
4	You really can never go wrong with Italian - chain or non-chain. I don't go to Bravo that often, so when I get a chance to go, it's a nice treat. My friend and I decided to stop here before we went to a concert. I ordered the Eggplant Parm and it was above average. For one, it wasn't drenched in sauce and it was lightly breaded. It came with a side of linguine (my favorite) in an herb sauce. It was the perfect mix and I brought half of it home. My friend and I decided to share their Nutella Pudding.... yes you read that right....NUTELLA pudding! I LOVE anything involving Nutella, and this was amazing. If you're heading to the Waterfront, this is a great place to stop. On the weekends it's a bit busier and a longer wait, but just like any Italian dinner, what's the rush? Mangia!!!
3	eh.
4	This is a solid place to find yourself eating when you need to celebrate a special occasion.  We came here to celebrate my grandmas 89th birthday, and we left feeling satisfied and full.Real quick, just gotta say we were not too happy with the hostesses.  We had a reservation for 5 and they did not even have the table set for us.  Also they tried squeezing the 8 of us at a 6 person table even while the restaurant was completely empty.  It didnt make any sense, but we got it sorted out eventually.  The delicious food that followed the whole debacle made me forget about the whole incident.  The appitizers we ordered were super.  The bruschetta was out of this world.  We were all in agreement that it was one of the best bruschettas we have ever had.  The calimari was also very tasty.  My mother and I also split a salad that had Gorgonzola cheese in it.  It was also delicious.Everybody's main courses were all devoured.  My mother's lobster ravioli was delicious; of course she let her boy try it.  My dad's shrimp pasta was completely finished off.  Also, I ordered the tilapia with crab, and I found myself eating it so slowly just so I could enjoy it fully.  I was even able to order which kind of veggies I wanted on the said with it, and believe me when I say they were great.Since we were celebrating, dessert was something that had to be ordered.  They brought my grandma a cup of gelato with a candle in it; very nice gesture.  My dad ordered the big threesome plate of desserts: tiramisu, chocolate chip cake, and chocolate melting cake.  All three of them were great, so if you are the kind of person that likes sampling different desserts, go with the threesome plate.  My mom and I ordered the apple pie dessert and the cheesecake.  Both were good, but nothing too out of the ordinary with the apple pie.  The cheesecake, however, did have a sugaring glazed cooked onto the one side of it.  That was a very nice and tasty touch.  Like I said, this place is a little more upscale of a restaurant.  If you are going on a first date or celebrating some event, you gotta check this place out.
2	People say that living in New York changes you, hardens you somehow, makes you cynical. I've never really found this to be true... until my return to Bravo!.Growing up in the South Hills, Bravo! was one of my favorite chains. It was fancy, it had table clothes, it was better than the Olive Garden. I recall being mildly obsessed with the chopped salad, so upon my recent return I ordered a half-sandwich and the salad for a light lunch.I was disappointed that the salad was full of soggy ice-berg lettuce and a few off-season tomatoes. The turkey-bacon-avocado sandwich was disappointing as well, with just a few chunks of cubed avocado overwhelmed by a flavored aioli.I guess I've been spoiled by having a huge variety of A+ Italian Bistros at my disposal,  but there is waaaay better Italian to be had in the 'burgh. Skip the big box chains and head to your local red-sauce joint. Its likely to be cheaper, more delicious, and lacking giant faux-Roman columns with doubtful structural integrity.
4	Dinner there last night after watching Haywire at Loews. Boy the wait to get in was long, but that is not new. I tried the call ahead before the movie started and could not get anything for a party of 5 earlier than 9. So we just walked in and got in the queue with a 1/12 - 2 hr wait. I put my name in and began using Yelp on my iPhone to find the numbers of the "nearby' restaurants. Well darn, they all had similar wait times. So we had a drink and luckily we were seated in 1 hour. Whew.Lemon drop martinis were popular at the table last night. Everyone said they liked them. I just had a Grey Goose. Salads were good especially the Bravo Chopped Salad which contains a delicious mix of chopped greens, cucumber, red onion, tomato, olives, Feta cheese and Italian dressing. Their Wedding soup was delicious as usual. For entrees I had Chicken Marsala which had a great tasting sauce, yummy mushrooms and moist tender chicken. I recommend this. Linda had the beef gnocchi, with slow roasted beef, which she said was wonderful and for her, there was enough to bring some home. Other had the eggplant parm, sausage tortellini and angel hair bolognese. I have had the bolognese before and I can attest to how good it is.We always enjoy Bravo even with the wait.
4	An excellent restaurant.  I've never had a bad meal here, and the portions are large.  The lasagna, while slightly pricier than the other standard pastas, is huge.  My dad has a big appetite and usually orders that one.  They also rotate daily lunch specials, so check that out on their website.Just a heads up -- make sure you sign up on their website for their email list!  Just for signing up, I got a free appetizer, which we used for a delicious shrimp platter.  It was so good that my mom's considering ordering this instead of a real entree next time.  For your birthday, you get a free entree (with a generous timespan during which you can use it).
5	We don't often get the opportunity to eat here, but it is one of the best chain restaurants, and this comes from someone who would rather eat at a non-chain restaurants.  The pasta bravo, sausage tortellini and eggplant Parmesan were wonderful.  All had different tasty sauces, we're nice and hot and extremely tasty.  Service was great, so overall good experience.
3	Came here before a movie on a Tuesday night.  They had the bar bites special going on for 2.95.  The items looked quite tasty, so my partner and I thought we'd give it a try.  I got the Roma Tomato Flatbread and the Artichoke and Spinach dip.  Both were quite tasty.  The Flatbread however came out at room temperature, but the flavor was excellent, so I did not bother sending it back.  The spinach and artichoke dip served with gourmet parmesan encrusted crackers was extremely good and I would order it again.  I had not been to this place in about 5 years, and was glad I made the return.  Definitely will be stopping back next time I'm at the waterfront for a movie.
2	This place has the potential to be great!!!  The new menu items sounds so yummy, but it just doesn't deliver.  Its bland bland bland.  Tastes like a frozen meal i could just heat in microwave.  My pesto pasta with chicken was such a disappointment--my husbands spaghetti was bland as well.  The the price of entrees, the nice atmosphere, the friendly service--why isn't the food better?  Save your money and make pasta at home.
4	On the multiple occasions that I have gone to this restaurant, I have always had a positive and very-filling experience. Their bread is delicious and hot. The server always brings out tons for us. I would say most of the dishes are standard Italian fare. I have not been disappointed by the Pasta Bravo, Eggplant Parm, or the side salads.The best thing I have tried here was the Chicken Scaloppini. The chicken is covered in melted cheese and has a great lemon sauce. I would highly, highly recommend this dish.For dessert, try the apple turnover thing with ice cream. You won't be disappointed.
3	Decent Calamari, Caesar salad and Chicken Pamigana.  Tomato sauce was not as tasty as I would have liked.  Went late on a Tuesday not very crowded.  Waiter was a little annoying; came by too much.  They have bar bite specials after 9PM.
4	I ate at Bravo last Friday night before going over to the improv for a late night show. My husband and I arrived at 7:30 pm and were told that it would be about 10 minutes for a table. Within 10 minutes we were seated and greeted by our server. Not bad at all for a busy Friday night. This was by no means our first trip to Bravo, but we had not been there for over a year. The service was excellent. Our waiter casually chatted with us about my pregnancy and his children while we waited for our dinner guests who were 15 minutes late. I ordered the chopped salad with italian vinagarette and the shrimp fra diavalo (sp?) for my entree. Our salads came out rather fast but there did seem to be a delay in our entrees. We happily muched on the delicious bread and dip (my favorite thing about Bravo!) while we waited. When our entrees did arrive, I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of shrimp in my dish. Typically, a pasta dish will have about 4-8 good sized shrimp. My Shrimp fra Diavalo had upwards or 10 shrimp! The pasta was cooked well but, I was rather disappointed in the sauce. Based on the name of the dish, I was expecting a little spice. Unfortunately, the sauce was rather bland and tasted like a generic tomato cream sauce. For dessert, I ordered the small chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream. The contrast between the warm cake and the cold ice cream was delectable. The portion size was also perfect for one. All in all, a good place to eat while at the waterfront.
2	As ive been waiting in my seat for ten minutes and no server has come by im going to say this place sucks before i even get the food.  My server who i will tell to go back to doing nothing in the back of the restaurant is already off to a stellar opening.  The gentlemen who came over to start me off will be getting the tip tonight.  At least he apologized for his num nuts associate.
1	Ok, if a menu item says "Petite Filet and Grilled Shrimp" you would expect steak and shrimp, right? And if the menu description says "Tuscan mashed potatoes" you would expect a side of mashed up potatoes, right? Well, my order  had no shrimp and no mashed potatoes!! $21.49 for the dish and I'm missing two parts of it?! What kind of restaurant does that?? Never going back again.  Warning to others, if you order take out, make sure all your food is there!
5	Order from the light menu.The food on the regular menu is typical chain restaurant calorie loaded butterfest.I have found every item I get on the light fairs menu to be taste really great and no be bad for me.I applaud anyone who offers a lighter menu and theirs is one of the best around
4	Can be a bit pricey for chain italian food, and the walk-in wait times on a weekend will stun you. Can be very busy and noisy.However, the food is a step up from Olive Garden and they do have gluten-free pasta and will work with food allergies. The main question is that for these prices would you rather go somewhere that is not a busy chain restaurant......
1	Very blah. The cesear dressing tasted like mayonnaise. The food didn't haven't much flavor. I would highly recommend Olive Garden over Bravo.
5	I have to say, I was quite pleasantly surprised at how good Bravo is for their Happy hour.  Not only do they have 5 dollar drink specials but they have 4 dollar happy hour plates which are DELICIOUS and quite large for portion size.  My favorites were the fried shrimp with a really great sauce with green onions on top, Diablo shrimp, which was a really tasty dipping dish with shrimp  in the sauce and fried eggplant as a dipper, and the chicken bacon and shrimp flatbread.  A great date idea that lets you try a lot of different foods and enjoy good company.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was absolutely wonderful.  He answered all my questions easily and had fun at his job.  Place is pretty crowded so   scope out the bar to get a seat.  ENJOY!
3	Bravo is just...eh. As a chain restaurant, I think it lacks that personality...that allurement...that "oomph" factor! Yes, the decorations are nice and the waiters very attentive, but it almost feels unnatural...unauthentic. It is on the fancier end, but prices aren't too bad. Good place for birthdays and celebrations. I wasn't too impressed by the food. The plates were huge, but portions not so huge. The dishes had a nice set up, but the taste was average. I got their signature pasta bravo with chicken. It came with this creamy tomato sauce and pasta. They forgot to give me chicken though, and I didn't even realize that until the waiter pointed it out. So I ended up eating the additional chicken by itself because almost done with my pasta. The sauce was good, but nothing memorable. The pasta a bit too tough and undercooked for my taste. The chicken...just grilled, nothing much to say about that. Overall, I thought Bravo was just okay. Fancy on the exterior, but lacking substance.
3	I was at bravos February 24. We always get dessert there because they used to have the best desserts. Was there the week before and had the bread pudding which was very good. This visit the waiter said they have a new and improved dessert menu. It is new but it is not improved. There are three desserts and they are in tiny little cups. I told the waiter this is not new and improved. Last week the tiramisu looked so good I was going to try it this time. The couple next to us ordered the tiramisu in the little cup and said it was not good. They used to have the best desserts around. If you want to good food bravos has good food but if you're looking for desserts try someplace else.
4	The two times that I have randomly dined at this Bravo has been on Wednesday evening. Yay for Martini Wednesdays!! It's always a great surprise when they plop that menu on your table. All of Bravo's Martinis are only $5 on Wednesday evenings, and they have several good options.The food is very dependable. I most recently ordered the Pasta Woozie as my entree. It was just the right portion size - large enough to really fill me up but small enough that I wasn't taking a mound of noodles home as leftovers.I look forward to dining at this Bravo again and hope that I remember to come back on Wednesday!
3	This place has gone down hill. I used to take my family here from time to time for a decent Italian chain meal but the quality of service an good has declined. The waiter was polite but not present for long periods of time. The lobster ravioli were bland and the presentation was sloppy. Looked like they just plopped it on the plate. The chicken and portobello mushroom was not bad but under seasoned and didn't have enough sauce. The one thing that made me still give them a three was the pizza for the kids. It was a really nice pizza and looked like a homemade Italian pizza. Otherwise I would have given them a 3 star. I won't be back.
4	My first visit, my husband's enjoyed dinner here with colleages several times.  We enjoyed our meals and were pleased with the flavor of both the tilapia topped with crab and shrimp and the crab and shrimp cakes. The roasted veggies were tasty and my husband enjoyed the crispy potatoes.  Service was friendly but empty soup crocks never left the table until the end of the meal.  We both tried unfamiliar wines and enjoyed the Travolo red and the  Reisling.
5	I love this place! Never had a bad experience and every time I go I always ask for Bonnie to wait on us.  She's amazing! So nice and great service!
2	Wedding soup was like how Grandmom  used to make it which is a very good thing. However, lasagna was much too heavy on cheese and noodles where boiled too long, calamari was very brittle with little flavor. Service was mediocre at very best as my glass was empty majority of eve. Worse than Macaroni grill.
5	Never a bad. No- Never even a mediocre meal. True Italian. Great Severs!  Beer is Cold. Ice tea is real. Had Veal  Parmesan . OMG. Real Baked not deep fried.  Wife had spag. & meatballs. Spicey with sausage I'm sure. Perfect. Thanks
4	I really enjoyed my experience at Bravo! I had the field greens starter salad, the pasta fra diavolo with shrimp and the chocolate lava cake. Everything was perfect. I only ate half my pasta because I knew I had to have dessert when I saw the tray being carried around ... And I wasn't disappointed. My mom has the chopped salad, baked salmon pasta and the cheesecake - she loved her food too! Also, their bread is amazing ... Amazing!
3	The food was good.  Service was excellent.  Overall not a bad experience but nothing special to brag about.
3	I hadn't been in Bravo it probably over 10 years so even though I try to stay away from chain restaurants I knew I had to eventually give in and go here for my fiance (he has been asking to go). I started with their gimlet, which was pretty good! I knew I had to try their Insalata Della Casa, as I love chopped salads and this was also pretty good. We got our bread and dipping oil a little late, and I kind of wish we would have just skipped it. It was a little underwhelming. For dinner I had the Chicken Scaloppini, and it was good, again not really all the memorable, but good. The chicken could have used a little life..it was pretty sad looking.. I ended the night with a Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee, which was probably my fave part of the meal and I'm not even that big of a sweets person. All in all it was an OK meal, but I definitely won't be rushing back anytime soon. :)
4	I am fan of Bravos at the waterfront. They have a consistent great menu, lots of options to eat healthy and prices are fair.We have this restaurant always as our favorite place to go when we are in the waterfront. Excellent for group gathering as it is not too loud.The only thing I always say is why don't they get the waiters a better coaching where they are not asking and interrupting all the time to ask "  guys is all good?", the great service of a great fine restaurant is hard to find these days. But this is the only thing I have to complain a bit about Bravo's. Always a good place to eat!!
