4	I was having a budget friendly wedding in las vegas with 40 people and didn't want to spend an arm and a leg so I sent my information to a catering company and Cindy (from canna lily catering) contacted me. She sends emails rapidly and calls you for any concern. She makes sure everything is the way it should be. I was nervous about the food since there weren't any reviews on this company but it was delicious !!! I loved the pasta with the sherried cream sauce, the doggies in a planket were a hit for the apps, the sausage peppers and onions i fell in love with!!She also took care of my cake which was red velvet and cream cheese! Loved it!Overall, I'd definitely reccommend Canna Lily to anyone, it was great!
1	In my opinion, Cindy was the worst carter I have ever dealt with. Make sure to write everything she promises to do down. She will try to say that she didn't agree to things after she had said no problem. They had shown up late and were not concerned that the table were not set up. The first serving of food came out late and not what we had agreed upon. The staff they used was wonderful and as I would have liked to only tip them, Cindy's husband, Koby instited that I put all the tips together. And to top it all off she never showed up to the event. Finally at the end of the night we come to find out that they left their trash all over my father's white tile floor. After confronting them on all of our issues Koby, sent back nasty and rude emails. Great first impression but they both are extremely...
5	**I used this caterer for my wedding, they have many wonderful reviews on wedding sites and I suggest you look over those before counting this company out based on this one bad review. I feel it is necessary to post my wonderful experience with them... but please... check other wedding specific search engines for more information regarding Canna Lilly Catering.....   We spoke to six caterers before choosing Canna Lily Catering for our backyard wedding. Our wedding consisted of 210 guests, we provided passed hors d'oeuvre,  an open bar, (Canna Lilly provided the bar and staff, we provided the beer and wine) and a massive buffet of delicious food. Canna Lily was not the least expensive and not the most expensive. They were however, the most proactive and reliable company we spoke to. It was obvious they had experience but also a great work ethic and a sense to get the job done perfectly. We had a tasting with the owners Koby and Cindy at there home and the food was amazing! We remained in contact with them for several months before the wedding. I would call Cindy for everything from what to rent, what to buy, if we should provide soda, how much liquor we needed per person, bathroom rentals.... I went to her for downright everything! She was always extremely helpful and happy to help!  I met or spoke with Cindy or Koby almost every day the week before our wedding. I was convinced there was no way we could pull off such a grand event in our backyard... they consistently and politely told me not to worry, they would handle it. Boy were they right! The day of my wedding everything went perfectly. Their staff was amazing. My Husband and I are vegetarians, there staff consistently approached us with only veggie hors d'oeuvre's and checked on us often to see if we needed anything during the reception. Our guests raved about how delicious the food was and went back for seconds and thirds. Only once I saw Koby during my wedding, only for him to say hello and see if I needed anything, other than that... nothing... which I appreciated! I didn't want to spend my wedding day dealing with issues and answering questions! Koby and his staff created such a perfect environment I forgot I was in my backyard and not a first class restaurant! Their staff left my house nearly spotless, counters were clean, no messes anywhere other than the floor... but I didn't expect them to mop my kitchen, so I would say they left it as absolutely clean as possible. I am so thankful I chose Canna Lily Catering, I promise you, you will be too!
1	We've contacted her three times and have gone over a month without a quote. Each time she promises the quote by the next day - and each time it never happens. If she's already this unreliable this early in the process who knows if she'd even bother to show up for the occasion.
5	From day 1 I was impressed with the professionalism of Koby and Cindy. I was looking for a caterer who could make Filipino food and who could accommodate our backyard reception. I support Rachel C.'s advice to check wedding websites as well, where they have helpful reviews. You can't be a crazy couple that expects a response within the hour. They were patient with me when I had questions but I also had to respect that they were doing other things. They always responded to me in a timely manner. When it came down to it, weeks before the wedding, their time and attention was on us and making sure everything was great. :) To summarize: -Their prices were reasonable for the quality of the food. Everyone was raving about it. Keep in mind, I was married in June and they made salmon and chicken (amongst other things, obviously) for nearly 200 people - and it was DELICIOUS. Everyone loved it and quite honestly was so surprised. -The way Cindy helped us put our menu together with what we wanted to do was thorough and realistic and within our budget. She advised us not in a manner that benefited her, but rather, what fit into our plans. -They were able to work within our day-of timeline and respectfully tell us what they needed so we could accommodate them. -They helped coordinate our rentals, florist and bar set-up. -Our family friends (who owned the reception house) felt they were respectful of the space they took up. -They came out to the reception site beforehand to work things out and help us paint a picture of what was going to happen. -Presentation on day-of was excellent - worked with our florist to mix flowers into their set-up. **Cindy saved some hors d'oeuvres for the wedding party! I could have kissed her! By the reception, Cindy and Koby felt like family. My last meeting with Koby - he gave me the biggest hug! Sweetest people - you know they were genuinely excited for us and to be a part of it. HUGE THANK YOU TO CANNA LILY!
1	Total waste of time. Cindy needs to learn the concept of under promising and over delivering. She promptly replied to my October inquiry on the web site for our May party. She suggested that I check her menus online which I did, picking some items.After weeks of calling and emailing with no response I finally caught up with her in November. She gave me some baloney about how they were entering the holiday season (duh) and they had to give corporate clients priority. Boy that made me feel important.The icing on the cake was that she told me the items I selected from the web site were no longer offered! Ah ..  Cindy why did you direct me there if it was out of date? What an idiot.She promised to get back to me within a few days with menus and pricing. Six weeks and counting.....
