4	I booked a couples massage on Valentines Day - I'm so good, right?The spa is really nice.  Lots of great space...sauna, steam showers, soaking tub and full service.  If you get a service, you are free to use the spa & health club facilities all day.  They have a fridge with tons of "free" water and juices too.  We had awesome massages with really professional and proficient therapists.  It was one of the better relaxing massages I've had.  As a fun treat, they had a special chocolate-raspberry scented massage oil b/c of Valentines Day which was awesome.  My only complaint is a lack of co-ed areas which would have added to the experience - a steam room where we could sit in together pre or post massage would have rocked.
5	Great spa! You pay for your service and get access to the whole spa - even for the whole day so you can come back later if you wanted! I paid $100 for the Escape Massage which was wonderful, as was the sauna. The staff was very sweet amidst the sleaziness of Vegas. Definitely worth it!
2	Okay, so I just wanted to review the Spa at New York New York Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, as I was there about a 2 weeks ago.I have to give this visit a 2 star rating due to the facts that will be mentioned later on. Think "GERMAN MASSUSE!!" Argghh!This is my second Vegas spa visit, the first being the Oasis Spa at Luxor about 3 months ago. I liked the Oasis Spa much better! NY NY's Spa was sub-par at best. I've been to many Day Spa's here in California and even those facilities were MUCH better than the offerings here.First off, the Spa is located on the 3rd Floor of the Empire Tower. It's good that you can go from a sunbathe at the pool right to the Empire Tower and up the elevator without too many people staring at you. So that's a plus. Oasis at Luxor  was accessible from the Poolside area which was awesome! NY NY was a little more harder to get to.The Spa is tucked away around the right hand corner as you exit the elevator. I stared to get kinda worried when I had to squeeze down this narrow hallway to get to the Spa entrance. Once inside the Hair Salon was to my right, the Spa to my left. The front desk host was okay. However, they messed up my check-in time. I had a massage slated for 4pm, and I arrived like they told me at 3:30pm for check-in. The front desk clerk told me that I only had a minute to get ready for my massage! WHHHHAAAAA??? I finally got it squared away with  my hostess who double-checked everything and I breathed a sigh of relief. That would have been a real upsetting thing if they had charged my credit card a 50% fee for "not showing up."Upon entering the Spa my hostess was amiable and showed me around nicely. There was a good quality and quantity of materials at the sinks: towels, facial soap, blow dryers, and such. Only 4 sinks though. I didn't want to think what a Bridal Party would have looked like in there! The Spa was long and narrow, actually a corridor. My locker was small and down a narrow twisty hallway. I got my stuff put away and settled in to enjoy my half hour of steam room and sauna before the massage treatment. I found the lack of a whirlpool disappointing to say the least! Have a whirlpool jaccuzi in there PLEASE! Apparently, the Men's side has a whirlpool, the Women's side does not! So no soaking before any treatments.  This is a major bummer for me, as I like to spend a lot of time soaking and just enjoying the hot water before a massage, and to let my muscles relax. This made my "experience" harder than usual. I used the Steam Room and Sauna. The Steam Room was TINY! I mean, SMALL! TINY! AND HARD TO BREATHE IN! I liked that it was Eucalyuptus scented but wow, the billows of steam in there! It was like a closet. I only spent about 4 or 5 mintues in there. It was mind-blowingly hot!The dry Sauna to say the least wasn't as good as others I've been in. Even for my membership to LA Fitness! The Sauna was sorta cool and it took me a long time to dry off. No scent in here either. Occuyping once side of the steam room/sauna/shower/toilet area were two hydrotherapy bath tubs. So THAT'S why there isn't a Whirlpool jaccuzi installed! So these baths were there for 'treatments.' I've had hydrotherapy treatments before but I was in a closed room. Here there was only an emergency room style curtain to pull around the bather for privacy. Again, I was glad that a Bridal Party was NOT in the Spa that day! It would have been horrible for anyone taking a treatment in those two tubs. NY NY SPA--NIX THE BATHS! Bring back a whirlpool! Just my  0.02$ cents.My massage treatment was okay. However when the massue asked me if I would like some Deep Tissume work on my back I said yes, and was really asking for something that I should never have had! She worked on my back "so well," that the next day when I woke up in bed and rolled over to get up my right shoulder muscle said: "SNICK!" and I pulled a major muscle right up in my shoulder. It's been almost two weeks now since I had my "treatment," and I'm still in pain and the  shoulder is healing very slowly. It was a Grade 3 pulled muscle. So I'll never had Deep Tissue again! It was my fault asking for it. Besides, her strokes were rather hard and she was obviously a deep tissue fan. I just wanted Light to Medium strokes and was very dissapointed as well as now I'm in pain. Not good. Overall, this Spa is "okay." Not the greatest by far. I cannot wait to visit Ceasar's Qua this next Oct! I've heard so many good things about that Spa. I'm sure I'm going to really enjoy that place! I cannot wait to see if the reviews are right. I hope this review will help someone if they want to visit a Spa in Vegas anytime soon!
3	I had a hot stone massage, facial, and pedi here. Keep in mind, this was my first real spa experience. The staff was very friendly and I agree with Mac's first review, lots of free drinks and snacks but the lack of co-ed anything was kind of a bust. It's located next to their fitness room so my finance got a 3 hour workout while I was my lazy pampered self. The rooms where I got my massages and facial were cold. Is it supposed to be cold?! Another gripe I had was that I cut myself and bled for a good half hour using their disposable razors. Best thing was my pedicure! The woman who helped me gave me plenty of great tips on how to treat my toes at home. Much appreciated.
3	I've been to a couple of spas here and there.. on cruises, on the east coast and on the west coast.. the spa services were good, but I think the amenities were about average.. I spend my entire life saving and sacrificing.. I'll suffer in economy seats for 23423523 hours to save money, I'll eat generic anything, I make  entire meals out of lunch leftovers from office meetings I'm not even invited to....but when it comes to spas, I need the best.. of everything - service, amenities, customer service, atmosphere.  Period.  I mean, when you go to a spa, it's all about the experience.. it's all about relaxing, feeling at ease..  it matters when you have spacious/quiet waiting rooms, dim lighting, calming scents in the air, etc.My massage was great here.. but I'm not to keen on the environment.  I think the waiting room's a little too small.  The waiting room is located next to the vanity mirrors so while you're waiting you can hear ppl chatting and blow drying their hair while you're trying to relax.  Also, the mineral baths are actually in the same area as the toilets.. they're not in their own rooms and you have a curtain that circles the tub for privacy.. let me tell you it's sorta hard to change out of your clothes w/no room.. the curtain was sticking to my @$$ for all to see.. I also find it unsettling hearing ppl... flushing toilets around me as I'm trying to soak.. what they're doing should be the last thing on my mind.. As I was waiting in the waiting room, (I think they forgot about me for awhile cause I was waiting for what felt like half an hour for my next appointment) You can see the cleaning ladies going around and cleaning up..but you can smell the ammonia which clashed w/the other calming scents in the air.. I don't normally see cleaning ladies walking around the spa areas.. I really enjoyed my manicure.  Kim the manicurist is bomb.  She was great to talk to.  I felt like I was talking to an old girl friend or something and it really felt geniuine.. it didn't feel like she was trying for a better tip.  If I asked a question about where to eat in Vegas, instead of just giving me some off -hand answer, she'd call someone she knew to get me the exact address, etc.  She was even nice enough to paint my toes for me so my nails matched :) it was her gift to me for my special evening out w/my bf.  That was really nice of her.All in all, I still enjoyed my spa experience at New York New York, I just think their amenities are a little outdated... maybe I've just been too spoiled at the Borgata in New Jersey
5	I lucked out and got in here on the last weekend The Spa was promoting their summer specials. I made an appointment for the 50 minute Summer Breeze Swedish massage - this was my second professional massage and it beat the first one in so many ways (a small hotel in a small Chinese village with a far too grabby masseuse...I'll just say swiping 'down there' could be excused once, but not the third time...awkward..). Once I checked in, I was directed to the Women's Lounge and upon entering, felt immediately at ease with the relaxing, instrumental music playing gently, the warm brown and beige decor and calmed by the buttery, soft glow and scent of the burning candles. The lounge was stocked with fresh fruit, water, juices and granola bars..perfect as I'd rushed to get there at noon with no food in my system! My masseuse arrived as I was finishing my banana and I followed her into a private room with more relaxing instrumentals and scented candles. She was respectful of me and stepped out while I disrobed and slid under the sheet on the table. The massage itself left me extremely relaxed afterwards, though at times I tensed since I'm not used to a stranger kneading me  and I flinched whenever she got near my waist -I'm highly ticklish!  I cannot remember her name, but even her voice was soft and kind which put me more at ease, in fact, all of the staff spoke in warm, soft tones ala easy listening radio DJs...it was sensational! At the end of my massage, just as I was getting relaxed, even dozing off a little, she quietly informed me that my session was over. She stepped out once more and I reluctantly put my clothes back on, my 50 minutes felt more like 15! When I exited the room, she was waiting with a bottle of water and a complimentary Summer Breeze candle for me.The Spa did exactly what I think a spa should do - relax you! A BIG five stars here!!
4	Indulgence is necessary every so often to remind yourself that you are lucky to have a good job in such a crappy economy. Transition to the Spa at New York New York. Massages and other Spa treatments are often necessary for the sports athlete and such but are sheer luxury when it comes to the regular peeps like me. Add to that the 2 treatments for $170 deal that they were offering, pen me in. The Spa is reachable from all towers via the 3rd floor so no need to tread the casino crowd in order to get to your destination. Once you walk in the lobby, it's very serene. Nice quiet mood music and nice quiet voices from the front desk. We quickly filled out the paperwork and were checked in quickly. As you separate into Men's and Women's, there's a nice little gym with all the necessary amenities. There was water and snacks for a nominal fee here so i was a little disappointed at first. As I walked into the Men's lounge and shower area, I was quickly appeased by the full range of cold water, juices, fruits, and granola bars: all complementary. Good thing because I was hungry and didn't want my stomach making crazy noises during my treatments. I changed into my robe, took a shower, grabbed some fruit and a water, lounged on the sofa, and watched television until my appointment time arrived. I was taken into a small room aptly named Energy and was left to disrobe and get relaxed under the sheets. The music and aromatherapy chosen was called Calming. My therapist was very professional and very calming. Her voice was really soft and soothing. Environmental Escape - A combination of tropical ingredients to form a type of mud that is put all over your body. They then wrap you up with towels, plastic, and more sheets to make a burrito. Add to that, they give you a facial and scalp massage while the mud heats up your body. Wow. Scalp massages rock! After a little relaxation, you have to shower to get all the mud off and then i was escorted back to the room to receive my 2nd treatment, A Customized Escape Massage. Customized Escape Massage - Basically they ask what you want to concentrate on and the type of pressure you would like. I had just run a long while the day before so I asked to work my legs and shoulders with good pressure. She was spot on with her technique and placements. I was in heaven. After quietly whispering that it was complete, I got dressed and waddled back to the locker room to take a finishing shower and relaxed in the whirlpool for a bit. I drank a lot of water and was ready to conquer the world. It was not the biggest Spa by any means nor was it the most luxurious, but when it comes down to it, if the staff is great, your Spa will be great. Thanks to the team here and I will definitely come back if we stay at NYNY again.
2	My disclaimer here is that my massage was a 4 star, but the facility and the attendant in the ladies room is a 2 star. As my last stop in my spa week adventure, I was so dissapointed by this spa.  Although clean and seems to be rennovated, this place is sooooo small and appears to be an afterthought in the people who designed this facility.  There is no vanity area, just 3 sinks and everyone has to share the 1 bottle of lotion, hair products etc they have out there. There is no whirlpool or hot tub, The steam room is right next to the only 2 bathroom stalls, and the sauna on the left of the stalls, And there are only 3 shower stalls so we all had to wait for people to be finish etc. And the 3rd shower was a handicap one so I felt bad for using it! The locker area is just a tiny wall and when i was shown my locker the attendant even said, "Please be careful not to slam your locker and there are massages going on on the otherside." Wth???  The attendance kept following my girlfriends and I around asking us if we left our water bottles behind. Right on for not wanting to waste anything but come one! She started to make me and my friend uncomfortable. And my treatment room was a friggin closet! There was no place for my poor technician to move around, I wonder how they even got the table in there. Anyways, but yes, my massage was good, Right on Timothy, but I will NOT becoming back here. Again, for the same price go to Mandalay Spa, Vdara Spa or Hard Rock's spa and get your money's worth. My recap:Pros:-My massage, Timothy was professional and friendly-The eucalyptus in the steam roomCons:Tiny facility, regular/cheapy type products & food. For the same price you can totally go elsewhere and be "wowed"-They were the only spa I went to that automatically charged a 20% gratuity for my spa week treatment. No one else did.-The stalker attendant. Because it's so dang small, patrons and workers are up in each other's business.
2	Let me begin by saying that this was my first trip to a spa in Las Vegas. In an attempt to give myself a treat after the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon in December, I booked my massage, sugar scrub, and manicure for a few hours after the race.  As others have described, the facilities themselves are nice enough, if not cramped.  The communal nature of the bathrooms, though, leave a lot to be desired.  The toilets are right across from the whirlpool baths, which leads me to believe that if you are attempting to relax in the tubs, hearing other people doing their 'business' would be distracting. Though I saw another reviewer who had a good experience with Timothy as a therapist, I had the opposite experience.  After informing him I'd run that morning, I expected a more deep tissue massage. Instead, he used the softest touch, which barely did anything to loosen my muscles.  It was followed by the sugar scrub, which was good, but nothing I couldn't have done at home. I totally agree with earlier reviews that the treatment rooms are ridiculously small. Following this, I had a manicure done by a therapist who could not have seemed more bored by her job.  In general, the atmosphere is nice enough, but my feeling is that the spa was an afterthought, and was shoehorned into its space. Services were nothing special, and employees didn't seem like they were very excited about assisting clients. I will not go back.
1	So start off with saying I've never been to a spa, so maybe I don't know what I'm talking about, but my impression of this place was meh. My experience first started with the front desk girl. I mean, she was nice enough, but seemed annoyed I asked so many questions and didn't know what each massage was all about. Either that or she just didn't know what they were either. She then tried to sell me to buy immediately because, "they pretty much all booked up for the day." I should have known better. Usually when someone says thats, its a flat out lie. I changed, came back and was relaxation ready. I spent an hour getting the most half-ass massage I could ever imagine. It was over and she lingered like i should tip her. I should have given her a verbal tip, like go back to massage school or choose another profession. I then decided to see what this spa experience was all about and went into the sauna. It was actually hotter outside.  Then it was time for my pedicure. another mistake. Looked like I paid 5 bucks and got it done at the beauty school. All and all I wasn't relaxed. I was rather annoyed that I spent precious roulette money on a huge waste of time. Next time, I'll just have a 6 year old stomp on my back, I'm sure it be way better.
3	I did not use any of the spa services, but did use the gym facility here which is covered in the resort fee at the NY NY. They make you sign a waiver before entering. The gym is pretty basic, but serviceable. Several cardio machines, treadmills, machines, free weights and fitness balls. They have a water cooler and towels for you to use for your workout. I like that they have wipes to clean the machines once you finish using them.Also, there are locker room facilities next to the gym if you need it. The gym was pretty empty. Seems most people are walking around on the Strip, gambling, drinking or lying poolside. If you want to get a regular workout, this place is fine. I paid for it, so I had to use it. But pales in comparison to a regular fitness club.
3	Way overpriced. Not at all swank. Not a great experience. They only got three stars instead of two because my friendly pedicurist also did an excellent job with no chipping, bubbles, or flaws and a pedicure that lasted weeks (until literally my nails grew long enough that all the painted bits were clipped off).
1	Admittedly, this spa review is a bit tardy, but I remember my experience here as one of my poorer ones... The spa here is basic, to say the least.  The workout area is serviceable, but the actual spa is like a high school locker room, both in decor and feel.  Nothing luxurious, nothing to make you feel like you're getting a "spa experience." No whirlpool, no hot tub, just a few showers, no cosmetics in the vanity area. I will definitely not be returning!
2	I was trying to please my wife with some nail services that I believed would be a higher quality than those of a strip mall nail joint. I also went along to try and get some rough nails worked on and since they offered gentleman services we believed they would be a higher quality. Unfortunately, they are way overpriced for the services they actually offer.  For the cost of a treatment you are allowed use of the spa services in the back, which mainly consist of a shower area, dry sauna, steam room, and whirlpool.  All nice, but nothing you can't get from a higher end gym.  After relaxing in the steam room, I sought out the nail room, which was a small area with one work table and one pedicure chair. While it took my wife about an hour and a half for her mani/pedi, the lady tech had me done in about a half hour. Really?  For the price it was really just very basic nail services, no "spa" quality.Also, the Spa is located on an off floor from any other services and is located in an out of the way corner. Personally we won't be going back there for any services. It's a good thing the rest of the hotel and services are great.  Recommendation is to save your money and either go to a different hotel spa that does pamper you, or just go to the strip mall and take your chances.
2	I went to the salon to get my hair colored, blow dried and styled.  The stylist was really nice, and she did a pretty good job. My problem with this place was that at the end, I noticed on my bill that they had automatically added %20 gratuity. Now, I would have given that much to the stylist, but I'm not a big fan of it being imposed on me. Regardless, then I asked the girl at the front desk if this was going to my stylist... She answered: "well, *part* of it.". I said, "excuse, me, what do you mean". She repeated, "part of the gratuity goes to the styilst".  OK. Well, I won't be back here again!  Why does the salon (or hotel?) need gratuity?  Don't they own the joint in the first place?  And with the amount they charged ($264), I think they're making a killing here!  It left a real bad taste in my mouth. And I feel bad for the stylist, she deserves that whole 20%, she did all the work. She shampooed, and did absolutely everything.
1	Today is my wedding day and I booked an appointment at 10am to have my hair styled at the salon at New York New York. I was hesitant to make the appointment because of some not-so-stellar reviews, but thought since it is convenient I'll try it out. Sadly, I got woken up before 7am this morning with a phone call from the salon telling me that my appointment has been canceled because the stylist has called out from work and they cannot get another one to come in for my appointment. The woman on the phone did tell me that she had called around and found an opening at another salon and wanted to know if I would like her to book another appointment for me or if I would like to handle it myself. I handled it myself and booked at the Monte Carlo, so hopefully there will be no further issues today. While I obviously cannot review the New York New York's salon services due to their lack of stylist today, I did want to get on Yelp and gripe about the wrench they threw in my plans. It is not appreciated and I will not ever book with them again.
5	I had a WONDERFUL experience getting a mani/pedi at the spa here! I believe the girl who did my mani/pedi was named Ashley? (The pretty blonde with southern accent). I hope that is correct because I want this girl to get absolute credit for the wonderful experience I had here. Great conversation,  positive joyful vibes, and awesome attitude from this girl which is something I always appreciate while getting a mani/pedi. (Let me tell you, it's hard to find!) My pedicure and manicure has lasted me over a week now in mint condition. Thank you Ashley for the wonderful experience. When I am back in Vegas I hope to come to her again!
4	I came to the New York New York Spa while on vacation with Mr family this week and we absolutely loved it. I booked our appointments way in advance so we had no problems getting massages for 4 of us at the same time.  When we arrived at the spa they checked us in immediately and took us back to the woman's lounge.  We were given sandals and robes to change into and then we relaxed on the sofas until our massage therapists came to get us.  While we waited they provided us with drinks and snacks as well.  The massage was excellent and thoroughly relaxing.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the nail technician waiting for me after the massage to move right into my appointments for manicure and pedicure. Steve was my nail tech and he did an excellent job. He was really patient with me and answered all of my questions (this was my first time getting a full set). I had a great experience overall,  and felt completely pampered the entire time I was there.  Only wish it was less expensive so I could go more often. ..*sigh*
2	The two stars are for my massage therapist (Janice) who was absolutely amazing! One of the best massages I've had. She was magic. If you get a massage I highly recommend her. The spa was a glorified bathroom for the most part. The spa attendants weren't very attentive once they checked you in. I could see and hear them mostly talking to each other behind the counter most of the time. The steam room probably fits 3 people comfortably, the sauna is a little bigger and would fit more. The bathrooms are literally in the same area. Not much privacy. They have hydro tubs,  also all in the same room. But charge to use them, which seems unfair since the men's lockers has a complimentary jacuzzi. I was there for several hours and never saw anyone use the hydro tub, probably because it was overpriced and not very private as it sat in the middle of the room with a shower curtain around it. Then when it was time for my massage I was taken out of the spa area and through the gym. Kind of awkward in my bathrobe while people were working out watching me walk through in a robe. If you want to enjoy a fabulous massage you will not be disappointed, but don't expect much from the day spa portion.
1	I've never been in a spa shower that loses water pressure when someone flushes the toilet.
