3	Gorgeous place, great location. It was just a bad sign when we were sitting there and an employee and two people sitting at the bar ordered and brought in Hungry Howie's to eat. All we had was beer and wings. The baked wings were really fatty and we were unable to eat them and still got charged for them. we will give them another shot very nice place
3	Not too sure what to make of this place.  One minute it looks like a bar the next it feels like someone's home with a marble countertop. The kitchen is open so you can see what's going on.  Seems like that's a popular way to design restaurants these days or is it suppose to be a tavern? hmm?I ordered the Bison Burger with some sweet potato fries. I was hoping for a plate full of fries, but I got at best 10 pieces!  If I told you this was a tavern and you got 10 pieces of fries would you believe me?  Yeah...right me either. Guess I need to super size it next time.  I ordered my Bison medium, but it definitely came medium well to well done.  I thought it was a bit plain and dry. With such an ingredient they should probably add some bang to give it some pop!  Drinks here are pretty cheap I thought. Nathan the bartender is pretty cool guy and was attentive.  Great Job! - Enjoy!
4	We were excited to check this food out after reading that they're interested in healthier options. I've been looking for a place where I can eat food similar to I would make at home - healthy and yummy. I'd say it was pretty good! My husband ordered the bison burger, and I ordered a burger on an english muffin with bacon and a fried egg. Better than the burgers were the sides ... we got sweet potato fries (many more than the 10 the other reviewer received) and a small dish of their vegan quinoa salad over kale. Our favorite item was the quinoa salad! I do look forward to going back to try some healthy salad and fish entrees, and I have high hopes based on this meal hence my 4 stars. I hope they bring in non-alcoholic beer as currently there is none.Now for the constructive criticism...Since it's only been open 7 days now, I cut them some slack, but they were highly overstaffed and it was a little awkward. Many servers mingling with each other at the front counter (isn't there a back room where they could go?), owners/investors meeting and planning at a high top table like it was their office, and 5 chefs or so in the kitchen just eagerly awaiting for you to put in your order. The other thing that was awkward is that there seems to be a storage room near the bar that can only be accessed from the dining room, so chefs were carrying things back and forth from that room, through the dining room, to the kitchen. That was distracting and odd.Decor - I know they've spent a lot of money on some higher end finishing like the granite counters, steel stools and chairs, polished/stained floors, stone/wood wall surfaces, and a good-looking kitchen with brand new industrial hoods. Knowing that I feel bad saying the following: it sorta feels like a typical dude designed it and it just doesn't hang together. Design is very important to me so I'm going to have to overlook it to enjoy the food. The tables are cheap laminate, too, and wood would have been much more appropriate! (Maybe they could run to ikea, snag a bunch of butcher block countertops, oil them up and replace all those icky laminate tops?) Also, there is a note saying the wall decor is "in progress," and I just pray they're not going to continue the street sign theme that has started near the kitchen and storage room. You know, "Detour," "People at Work," etc. Some of those signs are very off putting and unwelcoming, I think. Ick, it makes me uncomfortable just thinking about it. Hey, the devil is in the details and I'm a details person! Also, for goodness' sake, make sure the ceiling fans are all spinning in the same direction, that's so distracting as well, especially when I'm trying to watch the sports on your fabulous flat screens and the fans are stealing my attention!In summary, I wish this place the best of luck. They seem quite eager to do well, and I thank the universe that someone is trying to offer some yummy, healthy options with a focus on quality ingredients. I don't mind paying $9 for a burger if the ingredients are top notch, which they definitely were!
2	gave this place a whirl yesterday the menu is fairly standard SPORTS BAR oriented i had the build your own flat bread with prosciutto, mushrooms ,mozzarella cheese onions with a olive oil and garlic base .It was OK i had to season it up didn't seem to have alot of flavor and micro pieces of prosciutto  ,a work pal joined me later and ordered a burger med rare when it arrived it was well done and serverd on a cold bun. he sent it back and received a second burger to his liking and they did comp his meal........hey what about me well i paid the 13 bucks plus tip but not really any reason to go back as far as I'm concerned . interior nice server was good and friendly and of course sports bar loud .
4	Love this new place! They have only been open a little over a week and are still working out some kinks. The server notified us that they have not even had their grand opening yet but they are off to a great start. Love the menu options, not your typical greasy bar food. I had the open road flatbread, the dough and sauce were amazing. My husband had the bison burger which was juicy and delicious. We will try them again for sure and Im sure they will just keep getting better and better but it looks like they are working hard and listening to everyones comments.
4	I think this place is just what the neighborhood needed. Amidst the  dirty sports bars, and dive bars of scottsdales southern end.I give kudos to these folks for bringing something"different" to a bar saturated area. I am anxious to see what kind of identity this place  gets. Let us all take into consideration the time of year, the economy and an ambitious undertaking when so many venues have  met with demise.They are doing a happy hour daily 4-7 pm. Discounted appetizers, drinks , wines, and of course BEER. I say dont be too hasty to cast judgement, as it is clear these folks did not spare expense to create a beautiful atmosphere where you could enjoy some tasty nibbles.
4	Okay, new place. It really isn't a detour, it's much more high end. Food is geared towards a more healthy sect. Drinks are great, save on appetizers during happy hour. We drank for several hours, ate and got out rather cheap. Service was great but the place was about 1/4/ full. Food is freshly prepared and most importantly the wings are fairly good, grilled but good. Sandwiches were also all fresh ingrediants, nothing to knock. Nice new place and I hope it succeeds. Bartender was great, drinks were good.
5	Detours exceeded my expectations.  I have to agree with the other reviews that their bartenders were great, very friendly and accommodating.  I'm no health nut, but their menu sure makes it easy to eat right.  I got the chicken entree with a side of wild rice and their broccoli "melody", I think it was called.  It was delicious and priced well with very sensible portions, I don't do leftovers.  Their food was very fresh, particularly their vegetables.  I would be a great place to watch sports as well, they need to hook up a bloody mary deal sunday.  If their bloodies are anything like their food, they will be delish.
5	This place has a lot of potential, and it is obvious that they are working toward that potential. First of all, shame on many for being so critical. They haven't even had a grand opening yet, so until they do just expect to be a test subject.That being said, I enjoyed the atmosphere. The employees seem to have fun at work, which makes it better for me to feel at ease. I ordered the fried pickles. The panko breading was delicious. The pickles themselves well... just cut off the ends of them. The juice ends up kind of hanging out between the breading and the pickle at the ends! lol. Still yummy. I also had the sliders. I ordered pulled pork, chicken, and beef. Let me tell you- they're beef is amazing. Whatever seasonings they used really rocked my socks. The pulled pork was good too, but I think they should have a brisket slider or something. The chicken slider was great also, it had a great honey mustard sauce.The fries are shoestring and there were ALOT. So whoever got 10 must be exaggerating. It looked like they shredded 2 or 3 potatoes. In my opinion their fries were up there with the Yard House.I was saddened to learn that they no longer had chicken lettuce wraps on the menu- I really wanted to try those.Go eat there and experience it for yourself. Order a lot. Give the dishwasher something to do ;)
1	My boyfriend and I were super excited to try this place. So we finally did.  Well I must say we were not  impressed.  First of all, lets talk about the joke of a happy hour.  50 cents off bottled beer?? Are u kidding me?? Anyway, my boyfriend ordered the steak sandwich that didn't come with any of the garnishes that the menu said, was way under cooked,  and the sweet potato fries were burnt. The bloody mary was too spicy after we said we don't want it spicy, the mimosa was one glass even though it was sold as two. My sliders were full price even though it was happy hour, AND the bartender who was nice granted, turned up the tv after we told him we didn't want to hear the game score. Keep in mind we were 1 of the only 2 couples in the whole place so it wasn't an unreasonable request.  I definitely wouldn't recommend this place and I am eager to see what it will be in 6 months.
4	Surprisingly good.   My hubby and another couple went here for dinner and drinks the other night.  I wasnt sure about this place because the name isnt very descriptive; but its really close to our home.   The decor is a bit sterile, but has potential.  The food and drinks were pretty good.  I was most surprised to see all the healthy food options on the menu. The happy hour was decent as well as the food prices.  Everyone enjoyed their meal. Hubby had the bison burger & sweet potato fries, friends had shrimp and flat-bread, and I had the portobello burger with quinoa kale salad.  All were tasty with the exception of the un-marinated raw kale.  Most chefs know raw kale isnt palatable until its softened, but the quinoa salad portion was yummy.   There are also TV's all over for the sports fans too.  We will be back.  :o)
2	We've been there twice since their opening (assuming it's only a soft opening) and the experience has been lack-luster.  The interior renovations are nicely done, but the staff and food are meh.  I appreciate the heathier options on the menu, but they have been poorly executed on my plate.  The staff seems bored and more often socializing with each other rather than at least attempting to look busy or interested.  This place is close to our home and I expect will give it one more try - will update with results!
4	Oh how I hope this place stays!!  Ive only been once and it was totally dead.  That being said, it was a holiday, I had just gotten back into town, had a long flight and wanted something healthy and quick to eat.  Read some reviews and since I could walk to Detours if it wasnt a gazillion degrees out, I cracked up the AC and drove over for some take out.Here's the scoop: It was ready when they said it would be, and my meal was AWESOME.  I got the green chile bison burger with pepperjack because I had no idea what else to get, their website was (and still is, two weeks post-meal) under construction and you cant see a damn thing they have to offer.  This is HUGE.  ***When people go to your website and cant see what food you offer, they arent going to come!!***Lucky for you I was starving and came anyway. I also got the kale and quinoa salad which, yes, is as good as everyone says it is, and also, yes, is a little weird because the kale is completely raw and needed some dressing or cooking or something.  The burger was cooked to perfection, the wheat bun wasnt too dry, and the veggies accompanying it were fresh and crispy (lettuce, tomatoes, pickles..).  Prices are good, I paid $13 for both the burger and HUGE quinoa salad.One turn off I cant ignore:  When I walked in there was only one table of people in the restaurant, and they had been talking to the hostess, bartender, another server, etc.  I get it, youre not busy, everyone is chatting and congregating, fine.  But when I walked in, the hostess mouthed "shhh' to the others and everyone giggled.  OK, this is not okay.  Its rude.  And I dont think there was anything malicious meant by it or anything, but it was enough for me to notice and feel slightly awkward coming in and having everyone look at me like I wasnt in on the joke.  The bartender was super friendly and rang me up and I was on my way.  The biggest deal ever?  No.  But it made my first impression of the place worthy of 4 stars instead of 5.  All in all, I really appreciate the healthy attitude toward food that Detours has going on.  Its delicious food and a nice, clean atmosphere.  I hope others find it soon and make it a fun place to go also!
5	Under duress from Chef Roy, I must say this is THE spot where I hangout!  Food to die for, great staff, and home away from home atmosphere!
5	One more thing, had the best burger ever- it is called the watch for livestock burger. It has pulled pork and ham stuffed in the beef. Sounds strange, but it was literally the best burger I have ever had.
5	I've eaten at Detours Tavern twice, and loved it both times. The food was delicious, and I loved the atmosphere. I had the veggie burger the first time and loved it. I have not had quinoa very much, so was hesitant to try it (the burger is black bean and quinoa). I loved it, it was a nice change from the frozen veggie burgers you get at a lot of restaurants. I also had the sweet potato fries and loved them - and I got a lot of fries btw. Not sure about comments on here stating they only got ten fries. My boyfriend got the "watch for livestock" burger and fries. He said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had, that is a pretty big compliment! His fries were very crispy and perfect! The second time I went they had lunch specials, which was great! I got the grilled chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries (again). The sandwich was absolutely delicious and just the right size. The fries were awesome, and this time I got the Detours special sauce to dip them in, loved it! I highly recommend this place, the menu is fresh, gives you so many options, and I can't wait to go back and try more of their delicious food! Did I mention the happy hour? 4 -7!As for the decor, I like it. I like the clean look of the place, and I love that it is not too cluttered with "stuff". It's open, airy, and I love the patio area - can't wait for it to cool down so I can enjoy that! Oh, and did you know their patio is dog friendly? Another bonus! Final word - go try this place. Yes, it is new, but give them a chance! I'm confident you will love the food and the people :)
5	I drove by this place many times, but the name "tavern" made me think of $1 PBRs and greasy bar food. This place was NOTHING like that! The beers are quality and they have a good craft beer selection as well. The food was neither greasy nor disgusting, but delicious and they even had healthier options. Happy hour was a great deal, and the food was fantastic. Their philly steak slider with wiz was better than most cheesesteak places. The pizza is thin crust and would probably cost double at other places. We wanted to sample a variety of food so we also ordered a steak with loaded mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese. The macaroni was bowtie and one of the best macaroni dishes I have had anywhere. The potatoes were great and the steak was cooked perfectly. Great surprise and this is my new "spot" for quick, delicious meals and once football starts. It is more of a N Scottsdale feel in that area and a much nicer and cleaner environment than most bars.
3	Sadly, I wasn't impressed. It's nice, but sterile. The menu looks amazing. The people who looked like they were owners seemed disinterested in their customers and walked around with hands in their pockets talking to no one. A heavy dependence on technology caused ordering delays as the waitress figured out how to enter our order on an iPhone and then the chef to keep touching his ear bud while he cooked. My 7 year old loved the shoestring fries. The bison burger was tiny for the price and the sourdough bun was super chewy. We live close by and may be back, but won't go out of our way, it's just too sterile and doesn't have much of a personality, if any at all. There is great potential, I hope it works the kinks out!
4	I really hope this place stays open.  It never seems very busy, but I like it quite a bit.The atmosphere is a good mix of classy vs casual.  It's definitely a cut above a sports bar or pub, but I would also not hesitate to walk in wearing jeans or shorts.  Everything is very open, and they have a nice patio that you can take your drinks out on.The bartender was great, made conversation when he was in front of us making our drinks, but left us alone when we were obviously into our conversation.  He was mentioning to some other customers that he makes a good Bloody Mary, so I took him up on it because I really enjoy the drink, but can rarely find a decent one.  He asked how I liked them and made it to order, and I was impressed.We ordered two of their pizzas and I was pleasantly surprised.  Mine was a mexican-style pizza with spicy ground pork, cheese, and chilis.  The girlfriend got the Neopolitan, which was also quite tasty.I will definitely return to Detours, I just hope it's still around.  The place had a decent number of people in it when I visited on a Wednesday night, but I know restaurants are iffy in that 1-6 month period, and I know Detours has only been around for about three months.
2	We have been waiting for years for someone to open up a new spot in the old HT location.  Finally gave it a go last week for happy hour.  Great drink specials and the food on the menu sounded great but wasn't going to stick around after the service we received at the bar.  The woman who waited on us was pushy and rude.  I really do hope this local business recognizes the potential it has.  I think it could be great with the right staff and attitude.
1	We had high hopes for this place, since we live in the neighborhood and we love to patronize local businesses in South Scottsdale. I was more than thrilled when a coupon on Living Social popped up. I read the reviews on Yelp and given that they said 4 stars and a lot of positives, we were even more excited to try it.Upon approach, you could smell the burning grease from outside. The restaurant itself, although lacking a bit in atmosphere, was clean, despite the grease smell.The host, which later we found out was the manager, said "sorry, we are having a bit of an air conditioning problem." It was warm in there, especially by the kitchen, so he seated us in the back, which was a little warm, but not terrible.First the drinks. I ordered an Arnold Palmer, (1/2 lemonade & 1/2 ice tea). It was so sour, that even with a package of sugar I couldn't drink it. I LOVE tart drinks too. This was as if I was drinking lemon juice out of the plastic lemons you buy at the store. When I asked for them to re-mix it, the 2 servers said, "yeah we've had people sending it back." They were both very nice, and one of them re-mixed me another, and it was still extremely sour. She was very kind and brought me a plain iced tea, which was fine. We were excited that this place had a lot of vegetarian friendly fare. My husband ordered a Vegan Chile with pita slices. Not so good. I tried it too. He is not by any means a picky eater, and neither am I. However, this was very pasty, dry, and tasted like tomato paste. The pita bread was hard as a rock, and stale. We also ordered spring rolls as an appetizer. They were okay in taste, but the outside were over fried and had a scorched flavor. We ate them, but they weren't great.As for my food. I had a Turkey Burger and polenta fries. Sounds interesting right? Well the polenta fries were over fried, just like the Spring Rolls. My turkey burger was well done on the outside, but still raw on the inside. The manager came over and we told him about our food and the lemonade. He was very nice too, and even said he had been hearing complaints about the lemonade. So if this was the case I'm not sure why they didn't address it earlier. He took my food, and I asked if I could have just the regular fries when they re-did my plate. They were accommodating. I got the new Turkey Burger, which was pretty well done on the outside, almost charred, and just seemed dry. The bun tasted like it was several days old. Very stale. They forgot my garnishes, and brought them later when I asked. The regular fries were better, but they were still over-fried.My husband and I have both worked in restaurants and we believe their grease was too old and too hot. We told both the waiter and the manager, about the sub-par food, but we complimented them on the friendliness of the staff.  They took our living social coupon, even though honestly, I feel they should have accommodated us a little more. But oh well. I won't be back. It is too bad because we live in this neighborhood and love to keep our dollars in it.  I am honestly surprised by the good reviews I see below, because this certainly was not our experience.
4	A buddy and I went in the other night for the first time and it was a nice change from pub food in the area.  The location is a little random and I do agree with some of the other reviewers that the place is still looking for an identity  Bar vs Restaurant.  With that being said my buddy got the steak and it was good.  I got one of their flat bread pizzas and it was good size and quality.  I forget the name but it had chicken, artichokes and spinach.  We sat in the high top section where the bartender was working out tables and serving the bar, he did a great job.  Happy Hour had 2$ off appetizers.  The place died down a lot after Happy Hour but I hope this place stays open.
5	This place is new but really nice, prices are good for the area. Happy hour 7 days a week from 4 pm-7 pm.
2	This place is very clean and nice. I felt we were inconveniencing the server in the beginning. It seemed like it was a bother to walk to our table from the bar. Towards the end of the meal she seemed a little more interested in us. The food was ok at best. Had the hot wings..they had a weird taste. Tried there hamburger and did not like the bun,  also tried there sourdough pizza which was bland. I would not recommend and I won't be going back.
5	After being open a few months rather than days this place is getting better! Went in for football Sunday breakfast...great breakfast skillets and fully stocked bloody Mary bar..also the endless mimosas are a great deal! I had one of the new drinks the Coronarita and it was delicious. Keep up the good work.
3	This place has the potential to be good. I came in for lunch with a couple friends and we were quickly greeted by an older gentleman, the owner perhaps? I ordered a spicy bloody Mary which was so spicy it was literally undrinkable. Our server comped it off out bill though, so no worries there. My friends and I all ordered some variation of burgers or sandwiches, and not one of us ate the buns off our sandwiches. They were SO hard. Yuck. My burger itself was really tasty, I forget the name of it now but they apparently cooked the ingredients right in to the burger patty. I also like that they offer healthy side items like quinoa or broccoli salad, as opposed to standard French fries or onion rings. There was only one other table occupied at the time of our visit, yet we didn't see much of our server. I would like to see Detours succeed as I enjoy supporting small local businesses. With a few tweaks and some promoting and advertising hopefully they'll make it.
2	The menu looks wonderful, but I think the actual food falls short.  Prices are pretty high for what you get, as well.  We had a groupon and tried it out, but don't think we'll ever be back.  The place is nice inside, somewhat sterile, the servers were friendly, but a bit confused and seemed to need a bit more training.  I don't think they'll attract much of a sportsbar crowd with their healthy options menu - but maybe things will turn around and they'll work out their kinks.
3	I think this place is closed.  Read about a new restaurant called Pig & Pickle moving into their space.
2	Really hoping for more as we live close and the area is in need of a nice tavern/sports bar/eatery but for now they are missing the mark.  For a Tavern their beer selection is lacking especially with only 4/6 beers on draft. For a potential sports bar they should have left more in the budget for larger TV's/sound. As far as a health conscious eatery although their paper menu offers promising options we found the healthful sides similar to the taste of garnish and would leave anyone curious about veggies to stick to the fries.
