1	Am I the only person in this whole wide world that thinks Kohl's is very expensive? I dont like all the constant sales tricks either, 10% off 1 day, 15%percent off the next 20% if theres a full moon, 25% if youre on your period,30% off if you are a fire sign. 50% if you are using a Kohl's charge credit card w. an amazing 26% interest. Hate it
4	I brought my mother in law here to shop, they don't have a Kohl's in Hawaii, so she's always happy to come.  I think they have pretty decent sale prices, the clothes are of good quality, but I do believe they run smaller than the size they identify them as.Today, I wanted an item I had seen advertise on a commercial, however, after searching for it, couldn't find it.  I finally asked the sales clerk and she said they didn't have it.  So was very disappointed.  Overall, it's a good store, decent prices, sales clerks are few and far between, which I don't mind, no one wants someone bothering them while they are shopping.  Don't mind bringing the in law!
3	Not a whole lot to be said for this review.  I stopped here when looking to buy some new pants.  They had some I really liked.  The price was good, checkout was quick, and I left with the feeling that I had won--finally finding what I wanted.  It was an A-OK visit.
4	I find the prices very reasonable, and their sales prices even better.  I love finding things on the 70% off rack.  The quality of the clothing is great and with Kohl's cash, it's fun knowing I'll be back to get even better deals.  Always bring the in law here, she can find things she likes and at great prices, she usually has to hem things since she is a little on the short side, but she can often find the capri pant and it's just right!  The store is always clean, the sales associates are friendly, yet let you shop and it's so very close to the house and love the hours!
4	Clean store. Good location. Nice employees. Quick checkout. I visit the store at least once a month.
3	I've had issues with the quality of their clothing at times and I've also purchased decent clothing there at time. I guess you have to keep an eye out on who their suppliers are and be brand aware.The store itself is nice, clean and well laid out. Employees are always friendly and helpful and most importantly, they have the 'guy' chair outside the ladies fitting rooms so we can cop a squat whilst our ladies are trying on their stuff.
3	I have mixed feelings on Kohls.  Sometimes I find good deals, but most of the time I feel like the clothing and shoes are overpriced for the quality. I am trying to shop in the more adult section, but the adult section is so out dated.  All the jeans are high waist mom jeans.  This makes me venture into the young adult section where I have the low rise jeans...cant really find a middle ground.  During the holidays they do have good sales.  I went the weekend after Thanksgiving and they still had a good discount going.  I had a coupon that had expired and the sales clerk didn't accept it, but did give me 15% off!  that was very kind and it saved me a good amount of money.  One thing I do love about Kohls is that they give you a $15 kohls cash with every $50 you spend, so I got a gift card for $15!  Hooray!  Ill go back of course, but i might not find something I love!
1	Once again, I have a problem with a distinct lack of customer service.I went to this location and picked out several items of clothing to purchase.  The reason I usually love this store is because I get weekly mailers with discount options to bring in.  Additionally, I had Kohl's Cash on me and a gift card due to a previous return.I got up to the cash register to pay for my items and the woman was so unpleasant, she couldn't even take the time to smile at me.  The way I figure it is if you hate your job that much...quit.  Especially when you work in a customer service fueled industry like retail.The woman finished inputting all of my purchases and I handed her the Kohl's cash I had, which she immediately pointed out was expired.  One rule I've recently found out was that any Kohl's store will honor their Kohl's Cash for up to seven days after the expiration date, which I told her.  She rolled her eyes and called a manager to come over and help her out.The manager showed up and fiddled with the keys for a bit before he exasperatedly looked up and me and said..."look, we can't really honor these things if you don't give them to us until after everything's already been totaled."  You are kidding, right?  It's a simple as pasting on a fake smile and asking the customer, "and, before I ring you up, do you have any savings today?"  Especially in a store that deals so stringently in savings material.He was even more agitated when I asked him to re-ring every item to include our savings.  We ended up with a total saved close to $150.00.  Why would I just eschew that?Thanks for making my decision to go to another Kohl's so much easier.
4	Kohls has to be one of my favorite stores! They're so relaxed when it comes to returns, exchanges, or even coupons! I've stopped by multiple times and asked if they could honor my coupons, which is always greeted with a warm smile and a yes! Their selection is great when it comes to certain styles, but I will say their flaw is when it comes to tidying up. But nonetheless, I love this place!
4	One of the cleanest and best organized Kohl's in Las Vegas. Dressing rooms are always clean and ample space. Convenient location. Next to a Target.
