4	This is a great spot to check out every few days for fresh and reasonably priced seafood.  I just went and found some really nice whole red snapper, which they filleted for me on the spot (keep in mind that the per-pound pricing is for the whole fish, unless they have already filleted it).  They also had some monkfish when I was there, and you rarely see that at Harris Teeter or even whole foods/fresh markets.Aside from the fish, they've got a good selection of your basic Vietnamese, Chinese, and Latin cooking supplies.When they rung me up and  saw I was buying a tin of Cafe Du Monde coffee, they got really energetic and asked how I would make it.  I said I was just going to make it in my drip coffee maker.  The woman at the counter rushed down one aisle and came back with a little steel drip coffee maker like the ones they put on top of your cup at Vietnamese restaurants, and a can of sweetened condensed milk.  She gave me a little lesson: these little steel contraptions are better for making Vietnamese-style coffee because the water passes very slowly through it, thereby leaching through more coffee and chicory flavor.  At $3.50, it was a no brainer to buy the thing.Great prices, happy service, I really like this place.
1	I walk in at 7:30 the doors are open they let me pick my fish then tell me the don't cook after 7:30 nice doing business with you
4	I've heard of Inner Harbor for a while and after getting some thoughts from fellow Yelpers on my "Talk" post asking about seafood markets in Charlotte, gave it a go yesterday.They have a nice variety of fresh seafood on ice.  Whole fish, fillets, squid, various sizes of shrimp, clams, oysters and a tank with live lobsters and dungeness crab. The prices are quite reasonable too.  We went for the lobsters so we could serve some up to our neighbor's son on his 20th birthday.  The smallest they had was two pounds, we scooped up three of them and headed home.Once steamed, the lobster meat was sweet and firm and just awesome.  Fed me, my wife, our neighbor, her son and his girlfriend with two of these giant things and got one left in the fridge which will wind up in a lobster roll in a few more hours!  I will absolutely be back to Inner Harbor.
5	Love them!! Great selection, prices and customer service (#1 for me)GO THERE NOW!!!
4	I've been looking everywhere for live dungeness crabs and this place had it. I was really surprised and the variety of fish as well and there is no 'Fish' market smell when you walk in or while you're there. Friendly, helpfull and appreciative staff and owner Opened 7 days a week having access to fish when you need it is a very good thing.
5	Inner harbor is one of those diamonds in the rough for Charlotte. Great prices, local seafood and always great customer service.
5	The ONLY place I go for FRESH seafood. A friend recommended Inner Harbor 7 years ago and I've been going ever since. They have. awide variety of seafood and it's always fresh. They will fry fish as well. They have live crabs, lobster and tilapia. They also have other items like Asian noodles, spices, dishes, etc. The staff is always very friendly. They also have great prices.
