4	Now, I expect to get stoned with a hundred stale tortillas over this one, but I would rather shop at Food City than the Pro's Ranch Market for my Mexican food needs any day. Why? I'll tell you.1. FC is far less crowded, chaotic, and full of rude people who make me feel that I shouldn't be shopping here. I have never in my life experienced the kind of oblivion to everyone else's existence and need to pass them in the aisles that I have in RM. 2. The in-house made tortillas and chips are far superior at FC to those in RM. Great taste, super fresh. Only Carolina's tortillas are better, in our opinion.3. The produce, although not extensive at FC, is usually fresher and less bruised than at RM.4. They have plenty of covered parking at FC. Covered parking! Why don't more businesses in AZ do this? Yes, FC is in a far older building. Yes, FC is not the first place I usually think of when doing my grocery shopping. But for the items I simply cannot get at Safeway or Fry's, I'll continue getting them at Food City. Happily.
4	I love this store!  very underwhelming, which i love being able to get in/ get out... their produce prices, and chili prices are amazing!  The staff is funny and awesome.  the music makes me dance in the isles LOL.  literally.  they also give you free marinade with any meat purchase which is way cool.I don't like their prices on bread, cake mixes, and things like that, but their produce more than makes up for that, prices are awesome, and its absolutely fabulous and fresh.Ronney
4	Every time I drove by this store with my brother I mused upon the social issues faced in a FOOD CITY.  Do you suppose they have problems with segregation/integration?  You know, the  tomatoes CLAIM that the bagels could have moved into the produce department if they had CHOSEN to; they just CHOSE to occupy shelf space in the bakery department because they LIKED being with their own kind?  Doesn't a bathroom cleaning product have the same rights to locate itself in a freezer case as a gelato does if that's what its little heart desires?  Do the canned yams believe that there is nothing wrong with the candy in the bulk food section, they just wouldn't want THEIR daughter to marry one?  I almost wanted to stick a carrot in the dairy section just to make the point.  NO MORE SEPARATE BUT EQUAL around here.  Nope, we're a modern day non-bigotted "everybody deserves a fair shot around here" kind of grocery store.Well, I finally had the occasion to stop in here over the the weekend I was visiting Phoenix and was surprised to discover it catered to a mainly Hispanic customer base.  Being from Bakersfield, California, this made me feel at home at once!  There was mariachi music playing over the PA system, and there were spanish language entertainment magazines by the checkout.  I stopped in because a friend texted me to pick up a bottle of Pinot Grigio for her.  Now, I know that those of you who shop here regularly are probably still rolling on the floor laughing, but remember - I'm from out of state and didn't know any better.  When I discovered their tiny wine section, and that it was mostly Carlo Rossi & Gallo wine, I was momentarily downcast.  But there, on the very top shelf, were a few varietals by a decent Australian Wine Cellar and - Lo and behold - one lonely Pinot Grigio.  Ta - da!  Cue cherubs descending Earthward blowing trumpets in celebration.  And to make it even more exciting IT WAS ON SALE!  Yes, normally priced at $7.99 a bottle, they were on sale for $5.99 each.  I decided to bring her two bottles just to celebrate.The checker was very friendly and spoke English with only a minimal accent so bonus there, too.  The final kicker was when I gave my friend the receipt she discovered they'd only charged me $4.99 per bottle. Woohoo!The store was very clean and I did notice they had an excellent selection of Hispanic themed items so if you're looking for that sort of thing, this place might be for you!
4	Though the name of the store has changed over the years, this brick and mortar has been around since I was a kid.  My grandparents have always referred to it as the "ghetto market".  LOL  What can I say, some may feel that the neighborhood is a "ghetto".  But cest la vie, it's the neighborhood I grew up in and went to grade school right around the corner.  You want a huge store with shiny new lights and fixtures, there's Fry's right down the street.   Anyhow, you simply can NOT beat their produce prices.  In fact, if I simply need veg for a dinner, I'll drive here than go to Fry's because Food City produce beat Frys.Example - Food City Bananas - 3lbs for 99cents.  Fry's Bananas - 1lb for 57 cents.Buying Food City Bananas - 42% savings Pretty sweet!  :)
5	Buy all your produce here if you want the bargain of your life.  Cilantro sometimes 4 for $1.  Today I bought avocados & mangoes 4 for $1.  They always have some great specials.  Tomatoes were 4 lbs for one dollar.  Butcher department is good too. Go there in a leisurely fashion and do an aisle by aisle so you can find the best bargains that you need for your pantry.  But don't forget their produce!!!
