3	The food is what you expect it to be. It has the same menu as any of the buerto brothers. I gave it three stars because they are open late for those drunk cravings.
1	UGH!Utter Disgust.I recently moved to the Phoenix/West Valley area and as I'm driving around, looking for somewhere to eat, I see this hole-in-the-wall mexican drive-thru on the side of the road. Most of the best mexican food is found in some of the dirtiest, grimiest spots so I was all for tryin this place out... so I pull into the drive-thru and theres a guy standing outside, next to the menu, just staring at me. It takes me a minute to realize that he's going to be taking my order. That shoulda been a red flag but I ignored it, ordered my food and pulled up to the window. Waited a good 20 minutes... grrreeeeaaaat...... finally get my food (carne asada burrito & adobada fries) and I drive home. By the time I get home (about 10 minutes away), I pick  up my bag and theres a PUDDLE of grease sitting at the bottom of the bag. It literally had to be about 3/4 to a full CUP of grease!! SO GROSS! But i'm STARVING and i'm definitely not going to drive all the way back. So, I get rid of as much grease as possible and I eat the food. I had the fries. My wife had the burrito. Aside from the grease bomb that had exploded on my meal, I guess the food wasnt TOO horrible. Definitely not as good at Federico's or Filiberto's... but not HORRIBLE...The next day, at work, I get this INTENSE stomach pain and knots in my belly. I end up having to leave work early because it hurts so bad. I ended up vomiting VIOLENTLY for the next 24 hours. NEVER AGAIN!
4	There is a reason there is a line of folks, good food.
5	Its a little yellow building, a hole in the wall type of eatery, not much to look at, but it give that Mexican - mom & pop character.I've been here many, many times. Great food, great price. I love their Carne Asada burrito - Zee best. Wife always like their Chili Rolleno combo. it is not fine dinning, but for the money, its hard to beat. very good food for decent price.
2	greasier than most taco shops. prices a lil steeper but there is more flavor. the staff had trouble getting my order correct.
3	tip: if ordering in the drive thru - either there is no speaker system or it's out of order - when the person wearing an apron walks up to the side of the menu and stares into your car that means "Hi, can I take your order" There was a few seconds of awkward silence and wondering WTH this person was looking in the car for before we figured out she was there to take our order :)Since moving to the west valley from southern CA we've been itchin' to find a replacement for Alberto's or Taco San Pedro. Humberto's reminds me of awesome hole in the wall type Mexican food, but unfortunately still leaves something to be desired.With that said here's info on what we had:If you're from So Cal and have had Northgate's shrimp ceviche Humberto's comes awfully close.  Verdict - Ceviche - good.Cheese quesadilla - cheesy - did the jobNachos - goodIf you've been out late partying it up and need to satisfy the munchies monster Humberto's should do.
4	I think every review so far is right on, but I always assume the grease is suppose to be on this kind of food :) It is one of the better drive through 24 hour places, especially here in the NW side of the valley.  I chose it over Fil's.  The horchata isn't too syrupy, the beef hard shell tacos are awesome, the quesadilla is good, the bean and cheese burrito is awesome, and the hot sauces are the bomb diggity! Every time we drive through, the staff talks it up (or even sings and dances) with us.
4	I love this trashy little taco stand! Carne asada with beans and rice! Oh yeah!
4	Carne asada fries! The greatest invention since sliced bread.
4	Good Mexican food I especially like the hard tacos and their menudo. I recommend this place plus the employees are super nice
3	I would give 2 stars, but the lady at the drive thru window was super nice.  I had never been here before and thought I'd try it out. I ordered a bean & cheese burrito with sour cream, which is my staple for any bertos type place. I was really disappointed. It seemed like they made a bean burrito then poured milk into it. Burrito soup wrapped in a tortilla. I would expect sour cream and the beans to be thick enough to not be liquid. I dono, maybe they have meat dishes that are good, but I'm vegetarian so this was the only thing I would try here and will not be back. I'll keep Riva's as my go to mexican restaurant. Also, there was no speaker on the drive thru menu, so you just drive up to the window and order there.
2	The only reason why I'm giving it 2 stars is because their carne asada burrito was good. BUT, I'm never coming back here again. 1st of all, the price on their drive-thru menu is different from the window price - which was more, of course. 2nd, they don't do any substitutions in a burrito; paid $2 more because I "added" beans & cheese. 3rd, the lady at the drive-thru didn't warn me it would be more $ for my "added" items and didn't really care that the prices were different on their drive-thru menu. All she said was "the owner said he updated the prices" - no real apology or any accommodations for their misled menu.
3	Drive by this place everyday on my way to work, figured I would try it out. Big language barrier, Asked If I could have an egg and chili verde burrito. He kept on telling me it's a machaca burrito. After about 5 mins of trying to understand each other, and I was begining to run late for work. I drove off with my machaca burrito. It was good, not bad at all. But not what I was looking for.
4	We were looking for a taco truck and found this funny little place. The food was good and the service was friendly. As previously stated the speaker doesn't work so you order, pay and get your good from one window. We ordered rolled tacos, beef and chicken tacos. The rolled ones were smothered in guacamole and cheese. Add some of the red or verde sauce for a little extra pizazz. The beef taco was shredded, the chicken was phenomenal. We'd highly recommend it. From the outside the place looks a little sketch, but sometimes those are the best places.
1	Just recently went there and ordered "Super Nachos" Didn't get anything close to super nachos. Side order of guacomole was super runny; order of nachos was way too small for the price paid for it and no refried beans were on the nachos; barely any meat or cheese also. Went back for a refund, some lady who claimed to be the manager  named "Virginia" denied my request for another menu item comparable to the price I paid for these lousy super nachos or a refund. As a returning customer, I'm appalled at such service. I liked going there, because the location was convenient from my house and the food and service was always good up until now. I will not go there again !!! Rude attitude and lousy customer service! F+!
3	It's ok not great not bad. Fast service and cheap prices. It's cheap enough not to be to disappointed. I think it's 24 hours to.
2	Bad customer service. They got my order wrong then they started talking about me in Spanish not realizing that I speak Spanish. $7 burrito was the size of a taco bell burrito. I've lived in El Mirage for the past 14 years and have been coming to this spot and the one on thunderbird for years. This was definitely the last time.
5	Maria took our call on Christmas Eve and agreed to cater our small party for the next day with us picking up the food. They loaded it for us when we got there, and were very nice. Excellent value for the money, and outstanding food.
