5	I'm surprised to be the first person to write a review of Kiwee's Cleaning Company.  Kiwee took over for another cleaning person that we hired a couple of years ago.  Since we are usually not home when they come to clean, she took the time to introduce herself with a note and I've kept in touch with her about cleanings through email ever since.  It's been easy to cancel or reschedule a cleaning or make special requests.The cleanings are thorough and the prices are very good compared to some of the larger chain companies in Phoenix.  They always leave behind a sheet detailing what they've cleaned and any notes I should know about (slow moving drains, finding a scorpion, etc.) and as far as I know they have never broken anything.  That's how I ended up with Kiwee - a previous big name cleaning company was cleaning my home and broke something I use every day, but denied having done so.  So I went looking for a mom n pop cleaning company and ended up with Kiwee's predecessor. In two years I haven't been disappointed.  Keep up the good work Kiwee!
4	I love this cleaning company! I have only used them for a few months but already am a fan of their friendly and caring staff, their attention to detail, and their professionalism. Cleaning reports, check-in's, and surprise inspections are things that separates this cleaning company from the rest. Thank you!
1	My husband and I recently purchased a resale home that was supposed to be professionally "move-out" cleaned by Kiwee's Cleaning Company.  Apparently Kiwee's had been cleaning the seller's home on a regular basis for some time.  The day the cleaning was scheduled for was the same day that we got the keys to our new home.  Unfortunately, there was a mix-up with the water company transferring service and so the water was not on when the cleaning crew showed up.  Instead of working with us and rescheduling, the crew just "cleaned" the house without water, if you can even imagine the concept.  We were glad to pay a cancellation fee and have them come back once the water was one, but, instead, they did a less-than-mediocre job, took the seller's check for $250 and split.Needless to say, the tubs and sinks were left filthy.  The tile throughout the house was not mopped.  Every cabinet was wiped out with Simple Green, which left a sticky residue.  Now, this is all to be expected due to the fact that the crew was "cleaning" without any water.  This was completely mind-blowing that a local company would conduct a service-industry business this way.Now, keep in mind that was the result of the crew "cleaning" without water.  In addition to that, I was shocked that on a "move-out" job, the fridge wasn't moved so that the floor behind it could be swept or wiped, the oven was not cleaned, the medicine cabinets were not wiped out, the baseboards were not cleaned nor the grooves in the windows. Please think twice about using this subpar company.  When I saw an ad for Kiwee's services recently, I could not refrain from posting this review on Yelp even though I have never posted a review of anything up until now.  I find it troubling that Kiwee conducts her so-called cleaning business in such an unprofessional manner.  We were speechless, literally, by the experience.   -- A disgruntled homeowner
5	Kiwee's Cleaning Company is awesome! They clean my house weekly and do a spectacular job. I have never had any issues with the service. They are punctual, precise and always efficient. The price for my weekly cleanings are great and affordable. I have used other cleaning services in the past but never found one as great as Kiwee's.  What is great about this company is that if the cleaning is not up to my standards they return immediately and finish it the way I want. The staff is all very friendly, polite and thorough. I absolutely love this company and I recommend it to anyone looking for great commercial or home cleaning services.
