5	I have been getting my hair done here for 2+ years and I have never been happier with the way it looks. Chrissy is my stylist and in the time that I have been going there, she worked her way up to manager of the store. She is really awesome because I have tried so many thing with my hair and she is always there to give her gentle opinion if I am about to make a huge mistake or to help me try new things. She is very professional and always takes the extra time to make sure my hair turns out great. We also carry on conversation the entire time ( 1 1/2 hrs!) which makes getting my hair done one of my favorite things to do.As far as the salon itself, it really isn't anyting special. Kind of small and nothing fancy about it. It is always clean and well kept though. They do have a good variety of product behind the counter though, which anyone there is willing to help give you info on.I have seen a few other stylists doing hair there and they all seem friendly and the haircuts of their clients usually come out looking pretty nice. The prices are really what got me here in the first place along with a recommendation. A hair cut is around $14, and I get layers, so that is really reasonable. I get two colors, partial highlights as well and my entire total is usually around $85. Overall, I don't mind trading the fancy decor for personalized, friendly, and cost efficient service. I am sure I will be going to Chrissy for years to come!
4	Walked in for 1st time and was taken in 5 mins as promised, Topaz cut my hair and was light on conversation and pleasant, she really was very conversational and did an awesome job on my hair, my wife said " Go back to her its the best your hair has been cut in years..."   Guess I'll be back the boss spoke LOL
5	Dana Bryd is the best hairstylist. She does an amazing job on color and cuts. She is friendly and always professional.
5	My wife has been coming here for years.  After a bunch of bad haircuts Misty took great care of me.  Quick, great cut, reasonably priced.
1	Not happy with the cut and color... Plus I asked for a partial and got full foil, which of course costs more.I wouldn't recommend this salon. I was in town and took a chance, and it was a mistake. Now I use Yelp for everything! :)
