4	This course is a great value for locals. It has a challenging layout and great views. It is located in somewhat of a condo canyon, but none of the holes feel cramped. I play it about once every two weeks and the pro shop staff is helpful and pleasant. It is not as unique as some of the high-end courses in Vegas, but for the good deals that you can get, I'm not gonna complain.
4	So I played all three of the Summerlin city golf courses and already left a review on the other 2. This course was a good experience for me and it was all because of the customer service. This course has no drinking water anywhere on the course and of course i never saw a marshall anywhere giving water but thankfully the proshop guy gave me 2 waters before i went out and made sure the cart guy put an ice chest in my cart to keep them cold. The other 2 courses didn't give a rats ass about me out in 110 degree heat without any water. There weren't really any people on the course so that part was nice. The conditions were fine, decent greens, decent fairways (a lot of unfilled divots though), good t boxes, pretty terrible sand...but no biggie. Would i suggest people to play here? sure, it's cheap and fun, but with the experience i had at the other 2 courses, i would like nothing more than for this whole chain to go bankrupt.
2	Beat up.  Nowhere as nice as the 2 previous times i played it. If you're paying 45-55 here.......CANCEL
3	This course suffers from the same issues that plague its sister course Highland Falls and that is why it is hard to give this course higher than 3 stars. The fairways and greens are kept in decent to great shape but the "rough" is nothing more than dead grass that is very difficult to hit out of. Make sure you ask the restaurant for a cooler(why do you need to do this?!?!) and a few cups of water so that you don't die out on the course with the shocking lack of a cart girl.The course itself suffers from a lack of Vegas views that make Highland Falls more enjoyable and entertaining. I'm not the best golfer but I found the course to be a bit plain and unimaginative. Luckily the price is bearable especially if they are running a promotion.
3	Haven't picked up my clubs up in a minute so its good to know my short irons are still swinging consistently. My putting game well after I adjusted to the hard sandy fast greens here my puts started to roll closer to the cup. A few actually realized I was intending for them to roll into the cup so they did.Being from the Midwest I'm not accustom to such an open layout type of course. As most courses go and as limited as my skills are I'm sure this course would challenge me but today I only had time for the driving range. However the fairways look very straight forward not to many twists or turns on this course. Now the parking structure is a little challenging I had to park quite a distance from the clubhouse however I do recognize that this is a golf community which means a lot of people own there own golf carts. From the gawdy display of a Ohio State tricked out cart...hurts the eyes of a Michigan fan to even look at it...oh that's right I am now a Las Vegan so go Rebels! Ok this place nothing special just an average course.
4	Great course for the price! Have had a lot of good times here. Wide open fairways and pretty fast greens. Beautiful views and friendly staff. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
