3	The food is good, the service is great, the parking is HORRIBLE! This place is always packed! Brunch, Lunch, or Dinner plan on hunting for a parking spot, waiting for a table, and enjoying yourself AFTER you are seated. They have a bar, and also serve drinks at the tables. The food is great (I love their salad), and the service couldn't be better.
3	Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.  Why go to the Olive Garden when Pittsburgh has so many great local Italian places?  Hey, it's convenient and the food is decent.  For lunch, Olive Garden ain't bad in a pinch!   I had business to go to near the airport and I stopped here out of necessity.I had the basic spaghetti & meatballs in marinara sauce.  Not bad.  I wish they had cups of soup 'cos the Zuppa Toscana was mighty tempting.  Okay, so I admit I like the Olive Garden.  But my husband better not take me here on date night!
2	I hate Olive Garden. It makes me laugh when they ask "how is everything?"  I wonder what goes through their minds when I say "The microwave did an awesome job". I'm in town for a few days, I'm hung over and don't know where else to eat. Olive Garden is just gourmet ChefBoyArDee. You won't find me at an Olive Garden back in New Jersey!
4	The service was great while we were here. The food was average. And the parking was bad.
3	I normally don't like chain restaurants, but I do like eating at the Olive Garden in Greentree.  The food is pretty good here and the service is always excellent.  Although not my first choice, still quite okay.
1	I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.
5	I'm an addict for their salad dressing, and everything they have is sooo good.
4	Yep, it's a chain. Yep it's the but of a lot of jokes by the "In the know" set.  Yep, it is kind of inexplicable how long the wait can be on weekends. Yep, I know it's more politically correct to eat at a  locally-owned family restaurant.   But you know what?  I've never once had a bad meal there.  I've never once had less than top-shelf service there.  I find Olive Garden restaurants have consistently higher quality not only compared to the other franchise stores in it's price range, but also notably better than some family owned Italian restaurants I could name.
5	I love their unlimited soup, salad and breadstick for lunch special!
4	The food was good and the service was even better.  We got there around 9 pm and I was surprised how good the service really was.
5	For a chain restaurant this place is as good as it gets. The food is always good and even if they slip up on service they have always made it up to us by buying part of our meal or giving us coupons for another visit. Everyone makes mistakes, it's good to know that this establishment acknowledges that and they do what they can to get the customers back in the door. For example one night we were there and the power went out, they bought our meal. Another time my husband waited 20 minutes past the time they told him for curbside pickup, coupons galore. Once our food took a little longer than normal to come out, and viola half our bill taken care of. The food is always good and the customer service is great, we'll keep going back.
1	Avoid at all costs!  They diluted my wine with water, the food was mushy, they charged me $3.25 for marinara sauce from A CAN (without informing us beforehand this injustice would be taking place)!  Typical big corporation: cut costs down to last nickel and inflate the prices so the CEO can fly in his private jet (after landing, eat at a REAL Italian restaurant) and purchase a new Bentley each year.  Visit DeBlasio's Restaurant for twice the portions; it is MUCH CHEAPER, as well.Worst experience at a restaurant... EVER!
4	Go during  week for specials. Place is normally crowded but takeout is available. Staff is friendly and will cater to your wishes. Food is usually good. Never had any problems.Since this is a "chain" restaurant you will find one almost anywhere you go. It is great for groups as well as family. My favorite is the eggplant parmesan. They do give unlimited soup or salad with your meal. Be prepared to take food home with you.Place is clean and kempt. It is one of my favorite places to eat when I get the opportunity.
2	Being born and raised into an all Italian family, I'm pretty darn picky about my pastas and gravy (tomato sauce for the unknowing). My great grandmother's sauce was the first I remember, she never opened a can to make her sauces, always using tomatoes she canned herself in mason jars. She simmered her sauces until every seed melted away. My mother's sauce was a bit more thicker, using puree and paste as a base, later adding whole peeled tomatoes, garlic and fresh basil. Her sauce cooks down to a velvety pasta sauce that should be jarred and sold on super market shelves.Sorry on to my review of Olive Garden. seriously? Really? No! I will admit it's good in a fit of really, REALLY needing a pasta fix, or if you want to eat breadstick and salad. But the sauces are overly rich, and I don't mean the tomato sauces. I mean the sauces they put over the pasta with chicken, beef or fish. And, let me be real Italian here, pasta is NEVER the main meal in an Italian supper, Pasta is normally the first course and NEVER served with meat, including MEATBALLS. Thats as American as fortune cookies. after pasta, comes the protein, that includes meatballs, then finally salad.Okay, I'm done being a snooty Italian who looks down upon Olive Garden, I got out all my frustrations on you, my readers. But seriously, if you want good Italian food, hit up a REALLY good neighborhood, family owned Italian restaurant. The service is better, it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta, which is one of the cheapest food you can serve. Oh, two stars for a pretty good bowl of Pasta Fazoo (pasta and beans).
1	Ten minute wait and easily most tables are open!!! Surprise it's lunch time!!!! I just passed six tables empty and clean. Beyond me...
4	Our server, (Miss) Debbie, deserves 10 stars alone. She was such a sweetie the entire time. After offering us a wine sample and checking our IDs, we were on a first-name basis the entire evening. (of course, we added Miss before her name each time) Her words: "it makes our guests more comfortable as if they were at home"We had a 5 month old gift card that was collecting dust & decided to head here for dinner. There was no wait on a Thursday evening and many other tables were also available. We took advantage of the current special: 3 course meal for $10. You received unlimited breadsticks (of course) & also got to choose between unlimited salad or soup. We both chose the salad. For the entree, there were different pastas to choose from & you also had the opportunity to choose the sauce.  I ordered paccheri with Alfredo sauce & added shrimp. Bobby had the whole wheat linguine with Alfredo as well & added chicken. My dish came out without shrimp. I was in the process of trying to get Debbie's attention when the manager came over to ask how our meal was going. I didn't want to throw her under the bus so we agreed that it was fine. He brought up "did you by chance order shrimp" & i said yes. He took my plate & brought out a fresh one in no time. For dessert (there were 3 options to choose from for the special), I ordered the chocolate mousse cake & Bobby ordered tiramisu. He's way overly picky about that dish and wasn't a fan. My mousse cake was delish though. It may be frowned upon for giving a chain Italian restaurant a 4 star review, but ah the service alone was divine. Debbie informed us during a small talk that she had worked at OG for 22 years... pretty much my entire life existence. She made sure before putting in our order that we had no other obligations afterward (I'm not sure what would have been done differently if we did have somewhere to be but it was a kind gesture) I was half tempted to get her number and continue our small talk over a cup of tea :)
3	Ordered stake and soup and, loved the soup for sure, stake wasn't really my favourite but it was just okay! Service was weird thou, the waitress was told us to order while she was serving the other table; so we basically yelled out our order.
