5	Ok, so I've never actually bought a new car in my life until yesterday, so I don't have a gigantic frame of reference, but I was really satisfied with the service I got from Clarence, my sales rep.  We bought a 2012 Sportage to replace our 08 Sorrento.  Throughout the process, Clarence was on it!  He clearly explained all of the numbers without the expected song-and-dance of the stereotypical car sales guy.  He was very easy to talk to, listened to my fairly picky set of requirements and conditions regarding my trade in and the new model, and was available to answer questions when I called him almost every day for a week.  He even picked up on the golf course on his day off.  My wife and I both have credit scores that accurately reflect our long history as drunken restaurant employees, so we ran into some issues when it came to obtaining financing.  Several dealerships turned us down, including two that offer a 'Guaranteed Approval' promise.  Clarence and his finance department guys worked for a week on getting us approved.  They worked the numbers back and forth, helped us out on the price, and got us squared away with exactly the car we wanted.  The car is warrantied for 10 years/100k, but I'll be calling Clarence again in 3 years for a new Sportage.Pros:- Friendly, helpful staff- Good selection of cars- Really went the extra mile to help us get the right car- Solid service departmentCons:- None that we could see.  - They wouldn't let us take the cardboard cut-outs from the Sorrento commercial home with us.Side Note:  If you're in the market for a car, check out Kia.  If you're in the market for a Kia, BUY THE SPORTAGE EX, IT'S SUPER AWESOME!!  LIKE, DOUBLE RAINBOW AWESOME!!
2	If you like lip service, then this place is for you. Made appointment to have routine service done ($1000)!!!!That does not cover the warranty work they had to perform either. Promised to have loaner car for me. I showed up on time . They had all my information and NO CAR. So insult to injury... Give up a weeks pay and then have to be late for work!  These guys like one thing.. YOUR $$$$!!!!If you like lip service, then this place is for you. Made appointment to have routine service done ($1000)!!!!That does not cover the warranty work they had to perform either. Promised to have loaner car for me. I showed up on time . They had all my information and NO CAR. So insult to injury... Give up a weeks pay and then have to be late for work!  These guys like one thing.. YOUR $$$$!!!!
1	We took my wife's Sorento into for service on her A/C for the first time in March. They told us it was her compressor and they replaced it. Luckily we had a extended warranty and they covered most of it. That didn't work so we took it back. They said it was a bad control unit and wanted $600+ to replace it. I found it online for just over $400 and I replaced it myself. That didn't fix it so we took it back again. They said it was a bad control module and that they were going to replace it. They charged us for the replacement but didn't replace it and then determined it was a bad replacement control unit. They ordered a warranty replacement and I picked it up (much to their disappointment) and put it in myself. That didn't work either and after spending over $1000 and wasting two plus months with them we took it to Dale Jarrett Kia in Monroe. They determined it was a different module that determines the temperature was bad from the beginning and had most likely been the culprit the whole time. They were able to get Kia to warranty TWO new control units that were damaged because the module had burned the other two out. They had it two weeks straight but were able to finally diagnose the cause and origin of the problem. Folger Kia has got to be the worse dealership in the Charlotte area. We spoke directly with Kia corporate and they apologized for how horrible Folger Kia was and how badly they treated us. My wife went in when we were finished dealing with Folger to get a receipt to give to Dale Jarrett and Mike Melton treated her horribly. I will NEVER use or recommend Folger Kia to anyone. They are dishonest and their customer service is terrible. If you have to use a Kia dealer go to Dale Jarrett. It isn't that far but your experience will be so much better.
3	My husband and I spent all day on a Saturday searching for our second car and wanted to find a good deal for a pre-owned vehicle.  After stopping at literally every other dealership in the vicinity and just as we were about to give up, we turned into the Kia dealership on a whim and ended up leaving with a car!Unlike the other dealerships, when we told them what our budget was, Kia said, "No problem!"  We'll find something for you!  Every other place winced or scolded us for asking for a car for that much.  We ended up with a great deal and left with the car the same night, happy as clams.If you're looking for the most professional, white glove service.  I'll tell you straight up.  You're not getting it here.  But you will likely get a good deal and that extra money in my pocket is much more valuable to me.
3	Once upon a time, my partner made the mistake of purchasing an old Subaru off Craigslist.  This car, while it looked good, turned out to be a total lemon.  After taking it to three separate places for an issue that never got fixed, he finally broke down and took it to the dealership here.  Fortunately, after two visits here, the mechanics were able to temporarily fix his issue, but it cost him nearly $2000.  Less than two months later, his car broke permanently.  Let me make it clear that the car did not break due to any fault on the mechanic's part; the car was just a lemon.  The mechanics were nice and able to diagnose a problem 3 other mechanics could not find, but it was quite expensive.  It was a bit frustrating that it cost so much money to determine that the car was not worth investing further money into repairs.Now, we will go forward to the great experience - purchasing a car.  Since the repairs were out of the price range, we decided it was time to buy a new car.  This is where this place shined.  My partner told them a price range and the salesman helped him get everything set up.  We checked the value of the car we were purchasing beforehand, and the price really did reflect the value of the car (which is rare at big dealerships like this).  The staff people in the sales department were great, and both of us left there feeling like we got a good bargain.  They made everything really easy.I'd highly recommend this place to purchase a car for a good value.  I give the service department 2 stars and the sales department 4 stars.
1	This place is slimey as all heck & a disgrace to the KIA brand.  I chose to go to this dealership because I was under the pretense of a false trade-in promotion.  Their claimed minimum trade-in value does not pertain to the vast majority of their car lot. Their selection is extremely weak (they only carrying a handful of each model).  In the last decade I've purchased cars from the Independence Carmax (twice), Scott Clark Toyota & Hilbush Ford.  I prefer all of them over Folger Kia.
1	DO NOT BUY A CAR from FOLGER KIA. In march, we bought a Kia sportage for $10500, the top end of the estimated value via Kelly blue book. When I drove the car in April, the AC was not working well. I specifically asked if this car was in good shape and Shamori (the finance manager)  assured me it was. In April we had to replace All 4 tires and the battery at a cost of $700. I gave Shamori a chance to take care of this, he took it to Rick (the general manager) who said no. We are now faced with replacing the AC compressor  - a $1200-$1500 repair. Despite assurances that they would stand by their product, Folger Kia has deliberately decided to not take care of over $2000 worth of repairs I had to make.  DO NOT BUY A CAR from FOLGER KIA.
