4	The first time we ate here we ordered the Barbecue Rob burger cooked medium and the triple mini burgers also cooked medium.  The Barbecue Rob burger came back way under cooked to the point where the bun and plate were bloody.  The triple minis however, were cooked to perfection and in my opinion were damn tasty.  The second time we ate there, the hubby ordered the same burger, but this time ordered it well done out of fear of another bloody burger.   Well, they sure did get it well done. It was too well-done and dry. So much for that.I ordered the pear-chicken salad which was actually very refreshing and tasty.  The pears were a little too crispy and unsweetened, but the goat cheese was creamy and tangy, and the dressing is delicious.There are 2 things that I would highly recommend here, the sweet potato fries, and the pistachio gelato. I've had some very good gelato in my day even from the streets of Italy.  This was almost just as good.  Overall, I think this is a good place for being way out here where there aren't too many casual places to eat.  If anything, the fries, triple mini burgers, and gelato, are worth a visit!
5	My friend and I had been romping through the desert all afternoon in the jeep, and had worked up an appetite.  So we pull into Blu Burger and it was the best decison all day.  We started out with calimari which was great!  Then we moved to the main course.  I built a bison burger and it was as Jimmy Buffett would say: "Heaven in a Bun"  The atmoshpere was great, the service was friendly and quick, and the price for the taste was unbeatable.  I don't know what Fred F.'s deal is but this place deserves no worse than 4 stars unless you just had that one bad expierence.  Go to Blu Burger!
3	Nice place and growing all the time. Good selection of different kinds of meat including Kobe, Bison, Angus, Turkey, Portobello and Salmon. Thick and juicy and you can build your own. They still can';t get the meat cooked right though. You can place your order for Medium and It will either be too raw or over cooked. After being there for a year you think they would get it right??? Service can be "very" hit and miss though when they are busy as  the kitchen is small and they keep it short staffed usually (probably a sign of the economy and rents in Troon North aren't cheap! Mostly busy in the evening. Look for the new location coming soon to Thompson Peak and Hayden in that general mall area. Hopefully they can build on the consistency.
5	Went here for dinner a few weeks ago. I was very pleasantly surprised. My bowl of bisque soup was absolutely delicious, my burger was perfect. I always judge a burger joint on their swiss/avocado burger and mine was perfection in a bun. Cooked to order and juices locked in. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Give it a try and you won't be disappointed. Will definitely have to visit again on my next trip out to Scottsdale!
5	Ironically, this is my "vegetarian" favorite.  My husband introduced me to the veggie burger at BluBurger and I've never looked back.  Get one with jack cheese, spinach, onions and a side of sweet potato fries... you'll never think of a burger as carnivore again.
