5	DSW has amazing, name brand shoes at a fraction of the price of the department stores across the street in San Tan Mall. How can you go wrong?? If you're looking for a specific type of shoe, DSW can be hit-or-miss as their selection changes weekly (or so it seems). I highly recommend giving it a shot though, I've had some great success. :)
5	I use DSW online service and they send me coupon codes based on how much I purchase online and in the store.One of my coupon codes was not working and I lost the deal I had in my shopping cart online.  I sent an email and I not only received an apology but they put two coupon codes online for me to use, therefore doubling my discount.Good customer service.
5	It seems like this DSW is more stocked with shoe sizes than the one in Chandler.  I made an exchange here with no problems.  Excellent service and selection!
5	Lvoe this place!!!!
5	Wow!  I was on a mission for the perfect boot and the the pair I saw online seemed to be what I was looking for. They were sold out but the girl that was helping me tried to find something similar. My problem is that I have tree stumps for legs so everything was too tall for me. We ended up ordering the pair I saw online and she did everything for me. She was nice and didn't seem put out. Very helpful!!
5	I really enjoy DSW and lately is seems to be the only place I shop for shoes. I can get shoes for the whole family here which is another draw- although they don't carry childrens shoes.  One thing that I don't think people realize is that they carry a decent selection of handbags and a huge selection of socks.  It is never so busy that I cant get help when needed and checkout is usually pretty quick as well.  My favorite thing about dsw is that if they don't have your size, they free ship to your home and purchases typically arrive fast-my last purchase arrived in two days!  Customer service is great and if you have a return - no problem.  This place has a huge selection and decent prices.
3	Selection is great but can't say the same about the price. Even the clearance items are expensive. Pretty much every pair runs $30 and up. I would never come here just to buy shoes to wear and look cute. I must admit that I did get my sketchers go walk tennis shoes here on sale, and while they were still expensive, it was a bit cheaper than what other stores were asking. But other than that, it would be too hard to afford several pairs of casual shoes here. I went there in winter to check out their selection of tall boots and was amazed that they wanted $80 and up for boots that weren't even real leather and weren't of impressive quality. The name doesn't say much about how long the shoe will last!!! If you have the money, then I'm sure you'll have a hay day in this store, but if you're thrifty like me it's a no go unless you need something special!
5	Awesome store! Always great styles and deals. This is my first stop for any and all of my shoe needs. Plus, the store manager really knows her stuff! She runs a great business.
