4	My little car that has been running well since 1990 decided to throw a fit when I got on the freeway this last Monday. It seems the power steering seized up and broke the belt. In the process it also tore some bolts off another part from which that belt drives. I took it to Wilhelm as they have done service for us before. They looked over the situation and called me to tell me what it will take to fix. I said ok fix it. They had it done the same day. But when they called to tell me it was ready to go they asked if the air conditioning was working before I brought it in. It was, in fact they are the ones who recharged it a year prior. So they took it back in and looked at it and called me back to say the belt caught the wiring and pulled it out of the generator and that part will need to be replaced as the wiring can not be fixed. They then told me how much it will cost. I told them forget it I would not spend that kind of money on this old of a car. So I picked it up and drove home. On the way home the check coolant light came on. It has never done that before. So I called them thinking they had done something as it was in the area they were working. They dais bring it back they might have dislodged a wire. My mate Gus took it back and when he got there told them to fix the air too as he was much too hot driving it to the shop. I am the cheap one in the family. SO they fixed it and no problems since.They are very friendly, helpful and explain everything until you understand. They also pickup and drop you off if you need that service. I am a total dummy when it comes to the workings of a vehicle so I have to trust they are telling me the truth of what needs to be fixed. The only reason I do not give them five stars is I just do not think anyone is worth 800 bucks in labor for less than one eight hour period. It just kills me to spend money in the first place ;-{)
1	I took my car to wilhelm for a brake check, i was told i needed rotors and new pads in the front and new shoes on the rear. When i picked the car up, they told me that the rear brakes just needed adjusted but the charge was $89 anyway. I could have got new brakes at other places for that price. When i took it back for adjustments, i was given an estimate for a rack and pinion steering job that would have cost $1,189. I took the car to a AAA repair place and was told it did not need this work. Wilhelm tried to rip me off
5	THEY TOOK EXCELLENT CARE OF US!My wife had a simple "brake light" and "ABS light"  turn into a $2100 repair:(  They were able to get it diagnosed quickly and accurately and fixed in in 2 business days (after ordering parts out of state).complete replacement of ABS module and master cylinder reservoir and brake sensor switch as well as flush and diagnostic.They were very kind and responsive and even called me back to let me know they had found the expensive part (ABS MODULE $1100) at another dealer cheaper and pointed me to an online coupon!My $2100 estimate came in at $1728 and a very satisfied customer!Thanks
5	I live in Chicago but have a second home in Arizona. My 81 year old mother was staying by herself at my house when my car started acting up. I don't know anyone in Arizona so I felt especially vulnerable to unnecessary charges but Wilhelm was very up front and fair. They even drove my mom home and picked her up when the car was ready. I can't say enough about this shop. They have earned a loyal customer.
5	Stopped in to get brakes replaced. Discovered there was significant work that had to be done. Don and Patti are the BEST. They made an immediate opening for me, gave me a fair price and treated me with exceptional service. Highly recommend their service.
5	Don help me change my coil over shocks and only charge me 30 bucks really helped me out
5	I drove into Wilhelm without an appointment on Friday April 25th @8:30am to ask if someone could check out a possible front wheel bearing noise. Cody took my car on a test drive then put it up on the rack and confirmed both bearings were making noise. They were short handed as two of their techs were off - one for medical and the other on vacation. Still he said they could work me in and possibly get me finished by 5:30pm. At the latest on Saturday. I left the car and they drove me home. Around noon Cody called me and said one ball joint needed to be replaced. The part needed to be delivered from Tempe but still thought they had a chance to finish by 5:30pm. I was called at 4:00pm and told it would be finished by 5:00pm! Without an appointment, on a Friday with two men short and extra work added on with the ball joint and a half hour early the job was completed. It doesn't get any better than that!!!!! In addition Cody had to coordinate the work with my extended warranty company to get approvals on all of the work to be done. If you have done business there you know about there great service. If you have not done business there you need to give them a try!!!! Thank you Cody and Patty and team for all of your hard work. Dan
5	Honest and knowledgable.  Great prices too!  I'm from out of town and need service. They saw me right away and did an amazing job!
4	Decent shop, good service and clean waiting area with courtesy shuttle to get you to work/home.
5	Came in cause the AC went out, they got it fixed...2 months later my AC went out again. Took it back to Wilhelm and the took care of it, AC is back and just as good as new. Just want to thank Wilhelm for backing up their warranty; no hidden or extra charges. Wilhelm held up there end of the bargain. Thanks again...Wilhelm
5	They were quick and easy- I did not have time to read the paper!
1	Went to get a Carwash this morning at this combined automotive/ car wash. I do not recommend getting a Carwash here. I paid for the basic car wash which was $5 and it was to include soft foam" it was more like " sprinkles of water. No soap!. I've tried to use the car vacuum on a separate visit and it took my quarters it didn't start this happened twice. I called the place they offered to give me a refund for 50 cents but really people just get your place together. If you have to do a weekly or a monthly check on your equipment so that it works properly! That's what I want. And pleeeease put some soap in that Carwash!. No STARS for you today.
5	Great service.  Showed up at lunch time with no appointment and they handled my tire repair at no charge. Definitely our only auto service centre going forward. Gord Sadler
