1	Booked on Hotels.com. When we arrived, our reservation hadn't shown up. The lady at the front desk said it usually shows up in about a half hour, and we could go to the bar and she will come get us.  About and hour and a half later I had gone to the front desk to ask about our reservation. She was not there. She left. I told the other lady what had happened and she replied with, "hmm she must have forgot." Really!? I just paid $200+ on this room, and you just forgot! No sorry or anything. The bar was nice, so was the bartender. But everything else really sucked.  Can't say I'll stay here again :/
2	There were definitely a few problems that were found here. Upon entering our room, every time there was this weird smell. It was either a clean smell or just a genuinely bizarre scent. Then, the wifi did not work well at all, the connection was slow and kept on cutting in and out. On our last night of three here, there emerged a leak from the ceiling of the bathroom. Overall, we did get a great deal on this place, and it was in a convenient location, but these problems did dampen our stay (literally).
2	I originally wanted to rate this 3 stars as this hotel definitely doesn't deserve any more, but unfortunately, it's gone down a rating IMHO. I never ever leave anything in the hotel room once I check out, but for some reason, not only did I leave my coat in the closet but also a charger for my camera battery. I checked out of the hotel but my trip continued to Sedona, which is where I realized that I had forgotten my things. I called the hotel right away, but was put on hold for 20+ minutes and I hung up. I called back and she said "sorry, long line", which I understand, so whatever. She took my information so she can ask the housekeeping department, but of course, I never received a call back. Yes, it's my fault for leaving it in the room and I didn't expect to have it back, but she could have at least been nicer and given me a call at some point in the night.The service overall was similar to my experience above - rude and unpleasant. The morning crew, maybe the managers, were the only nice ones we've encountered. When we checked in at 2am, one of the elevators was not working so the lady at the front said we'll have to just take the stairs all the way up with our luggage (we were on the top floor) and did not offer any additional help. It was only 6 floors, but we had a lot of luggage and we were tired as hell from traveling. There was also a very nasty smell in the hallways the entire time.. The good: The free breakfast was probably one of the nicer ones I've had. They always had eggs, potatoes, gravy, different types of cereal, and excellent coffee. Each day they switched up on either pancakes, waffles, or french toast. No complaints there... it's definitely a nice way to fill up in the morning for "free". They have some outdoor seating available, which we took advantage of because of the BEAUTIFUL weather. They have a pretty big pool area - two pools actually with a "waterfall". One of the pools is somewhat heated, while the other is not. It was too chilly to swim in the mornings and we were gone all day, so I only had one late night swim, which was pretty sweet! The hotel room itself wasn't too bad either - big bathroom with a very spacious sink counter, somewhat nice view, and an OK bed. The bed itself was comfy, but the sheets were hard and unpleasant. Overall, this hotel is OK for the money and is in a great location as it is super close to downtown Phoenix and a very quick drive over to Scottsdale. I am not sure if I'd come back though since there are better options in the area with a nicer crew.
4	Good hotel and a good valueLobby is remodeled and quite niceOutdoor grounds are large and there are many places to sit and relaxPool is kind of jungle river style - great for kids.Room was decent. It did smell funny but I got used to itService was very polite and friendly.
1	Don't eat or drink here. Rooms okay but noisy. Parking scary. Bar and restaurant prices and service ridiculous. Wander to find better anywhere but here. Embarassed to think this represents Arizona for visitors.
3	My wife and I stayed here over the Memorial Day weekend, checked in friday night and out on monday afternoon. We went to Phoenix to get out of San Diego for a road trip and to visit some friends we have not seen for several years. Pulling up it is in a quiet area directly across from a big parking lot and parking structure for an empty corporate building. Check in was easy at a few minutes after midnight so no complaints there. We get room 233... all is good until we get in the room and do our inspection, we notice there is no mini fridge, carpet worn but not terrible, slight funky odor, in general the room was clean for its age. The linen was fresh and in order. Now the worst part of this room, it is just on the other side of the elevators and oh my is it loud and irritating but we are so tired we call it good for the night and off to sleep we go. Next day we get ready to explore Phoenix so I opted to wait until we return to request a room transfer. We had a long day that went late into the night so when we got back again I didnt request a room change. Long story short I did not request a room change so thats on me BUT I strongly advise that you absolutely do not settle into any of the rooms that are just on the other side of the wall.Quick note regarding the hotels parking structure. It is lit well enough but a little shady especially in the stair wells. It didnt bother me but it did bother my wife a little so any runs out to the car was executed by me! We did not see any security but it may mean that there are no issues at that hotel with property crime.All in all I rate this property at 3 stars because the staff were very nice and helpful and I am pretty confident if I requested a room change it would have been a non issue. The breakfast included is decent and they never ran out of items when we went. We would stay here again because its a bargain and a few steps up from a super 8 or Howard Johnson.
4	Clean rooms, nice staff.  Close to the light-rail.  Met our needs perfectly. Breakfast was decent too.
5	I booked 2 rooms through hotels.com and requested the rooms next to each other.  They were able to accommodate us even though they were booked.  That was a really nice start.  The rooms were small, but comfortable and clean.  The bathroom was surprisingly big.  The staff here were all very nice too.  After about 3 hours, our mini fridge still wasn't getting cold so we called front desk.   A guy was there in less than 5 min and checked it.  They brought us a new fridge and everything was done in less than 10 min.  Crazy great service right??  Breakfast was pretty damn awesome too.  Breakfast potatoes, gravy, eggs, sausage, french toast, waffles,  and a lot more.My only complaints: the beds were uncomfortable.... it felt like an air mattress underneath.  And parking spaces were small.  Of course there were big trucks that I had to park next to and everyone had to get out of the car before I parked, leaving less than a foot on each side.  That royally sucked.  But it wasn't that bad,  we had a great time and the place was very clean.Ok so after we got home, my boyfriend noticed a $250 smoking charge on his account.  I freaked out and called the hotel and told them that we always went up to the 5th floor (they have a big balcony area that you can smoke at).  The supervisor, Brianna, told me that there was evidence of smoking and that I signed a paper saying that we would not smoke in the hotel room.   She was nice, but I was a little irritated.   Yes, we had a few smokers with us.  But we never smoked inside the rooms.   So after a few emails and phone calls, the situation was resolved.  Brianna handled everything very professionally and never once was crass or condescending.   I was very impressed with the way she handled the situation and took the time to look into what had actually happened.  (A friend said that the ashtray was full on the balcony so she put her trash into a disposable cup.  She threw it away in the trash can in the hotel room.  If they looked on the cameras, you can her do so.)  But many places wouldn't have looked into the situation.  They would have just billed the $250 and left it at that.  I am very happy with the way everything was handled and I will definitely be back!!
1	The service was bad. The wifi didn't work in our room (346) for both nights we stayed and the managers said that it was my computer that didn't work. I came to the lobby to use the wifi, my computer worked well in the lobby. It was free to use the printer. They have coffee machines, fridge, microwave, showers. The sleep number bed did not adjust and had trouble working. One of the beds had hair in it. The air conditioner had two settings - high and low. The continental breakfast was tasty. I will not come back because of the service and give them 1 star because I had to come to the lobby to use the internet both nights. They failed to fix the problem both nights we were there.
3	I stayed here a couple nights with a family member while they were in town and I was not very impressed. The hotel is great for the price but it was pretty clear that we were staying in a 3-Star hotel that was trying very hard to be a 4-Star hotel, but not doing it very well. As I have said in my other hotel reviews, the quality of the bed is the single most important aspect of any stay. I was really excited when I walked in to see these rooms are equipped with Sleep Number Beds. Having never slept on one before I was interested to see how they worked and what "number" I liked best. Unfortunately, the beds in my room were not functioning properly and the remote screens were not working at all. This was very disappointing because our beds were set to the most firm setting possible and it felt as if we were sleeping on a bed of rocks. Very frustrating.The hotel lobby area was very nice and the service members were all very respectable. I enjoyed the breakfast spread very much and I was very surprised that it was free of charge. The waitstaff did come by one morning and drop off a bill at my table for $0.00 in order to charge a tip to the room.Overall, it was not a bad place to stay but they really need to invest in new mattresses that are not sleep numbers.
4	I stayed at the Wyndham this weekend while in town for a concert. It was only about a 15 min drive to the Ak Chin Pavilion. Our room was nice, very clean. The sleep number bed didn't work, and the hall smelled like vomit, luckily that didn't waft into our room. The walls/doors are paper thin so we could hear the people next door and in the hallway. The free breakfast was decent (eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy, French toast, cereal, bagels, waffles, fruit, yogurt). I'd return.
1	It sucks i stayed the internet is not working continously i told front desk 2x they just send the maintenance guy there but still doesnt solve the problem.They told me the good connection is near the door -i dont think i should be usig my laptop next to the door just to get good connection. The connection from my phone is bad inside the room i have to go outside to get good connection. It sucks.. dont stay here
1	Booked this hotel to attend a conference and had the worst first night sleep of my life. You can hear every door down the hallway open and close. The mini fridge in the room was making loud noises waking me up all night. They give you the thickest comforter imaginable when it is 100 degrees outside. Also if you expect to have reliable internet to do any sort of work on your laptop - forget it! I can't even connect to write this review so I am doing it on my phone... The only thing that I like about this hotel is their hot breakfast. Overall I would never recommend staying here unless you have no where else to go.
4	I stayed here for a short visit to see my mom in Phoenix. I set up my reservation through Kayak.com and here's the story.Pros:1.  Easy to find right off of 2nd Ave by St. Joseph's Hospital. Luckily Phoenix is set up as a traditional grid so you can find exactly where a place is on a map. It's also very central to any place you need to go in Phoenix.2.  Free parking for all guests. That's right, free parking. In this day and age of hotels gouging guests this place gets it right.3.  Friendly staff. The night manager, Nicole was very friendly and helpful to me. She put me on the first floor, making it easy for me to get to my room.4.  The room was just right for my needs. A nice king size bed, soft pillows, and plenty of blankets.5.  An excellent breakfast for all guests in the morning. They had a varied selection of fruits, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, and other items. Fresh juice was also served. It's a simple walk in, serve yourself, sign off for the room in which you are staying, and you've got a good morning meal. I just wish I could have sat outside for my meal to enjoy the beautiful morning weather.Cons:1.  It was a little tricky to get the room temperature right. I wish hotels would just upgrade their A/C systems for better temperature control.2.  The television is a flat screen but I couldn't get a menu to pull up in order to choose a channel. I had to slowly scroll through channels to find what I wanted.Overall I was very happy staying here and will probably choose this place again in the future. Thanks for the restful evening.
1	Currently staying at the hotel and no WiFi in my room...tried the Ethernet cable and no luck. Called for help and front desk was clueless. Typed this on my own phone. Stay somewhere else.
2	Nice people,  nice view.  Except the guy who hung up on me this morning when I called about the internet not working. At first I thought it was just the internet that was my main issue with this place because I couldn't get any work done and they don't have anyone to fix it during late and early morning hours - but the parking garage is really sketchy, the office chair that I sat on when I arrived fell over, which they did replace. The temperature control was nonexistent it was blazing hot or freezing cold. With the shower on the hottest setting it was barely warm. The bathroom fan was not able to be turned off when the light was on and was super loud. If it wasn't for the view and some of the nice staff I would give it a 1. Checking out and heading to an air B&B
