4	A nice real ale pub, slap bang in the centre of town. Has an amazing Jacobean ceiling. Does quality bar food, at realistic prices. The staff are very pleasant and competent too. You won't have to wait to get served, regardless of how busy the bar might be. Well worth a visit.
3	Not the easiest to find unless you know the area, but The Guildford is a nice wee pub. Apparently they have a brilliant range of beers and ales (I'm not the best to ask re this as I'm not an ale drinker) but even if you're not they'll still oblige! Well kept, well attended and there's the Gallery Reataurant upstairs also. We didn't eat there, but it does look quite nice.
3	I've never been a fan of the crowd that goes here. The pub itself I have no problem with, but it's in the part of town that attracts men in suits. And by men in suits I mean exactly that: men, who watch rugby and are not very nice to you if you a) are not wearing a suit and b) don't watch rugby. It's a very simple equation. They have a pretty good range of ales here. Though, because it's in the suit part of town (about 10 seconds down the street from Princes Street), the prices are way higher than I'd like them to be. This pub is really spacious and shows its fair share of sports on the telee, hence the rugby fans. The also serve your bogstandard pub food. A la pricey, to boot.
4	The Guilford Arms is a great pub, the decor is great and has a very Victorian feel to it. The range of real ales that Guilford offers is very impressive and throughout the year they have a special ale that is offered. The prices are quite expensive but if you are into your real ales, there aren't many places around that would be able to compete with the Guilford Arms for choice. However, as I'm not that into my real ales the choice of drink was not much better than you would get in most pubs, but at a slightly higher than average price.Due to its central location. it can become quite busy in the evenings when the office workers finish and make use of the restaurant service. This added to the fact that it is located right next to a backpackers hostel means that there is a varied crowd, which actually adds to the atmosphere.
4	Our favourite pub in Edinburgh. Nice people, great beer. Perfect after a good sight - seeing day!
4	Placed in the centre of Edinburgh making it ideal for those out shopping or who have just arrived by train this place has always fascinated me, but more for its name than for anything else.  You see my town back home is Guildford and after half heartedly researching I discovered nothing other than an attractive old pub, but never mind.This place is supposed to be very good for its real ales and I'm told they are very good, but I couldn't really give you a first hand opinion as despite visiting many real ale specialists back home I'm not a great fan of them and they all taste the same to me.  Despite this I can recognise this, and rather ironically, for the traditional pubs back home you find out in the sticks that offer similar traditional drinks and atmosphere.  Fortunately, this one is a bit easier to get to.
4	I am starting to build up a liking for this little corner of Edinburgh. Tucked away around the back of the illustrious walls of Burger King, is a collection of pubs including the Guildford Arms, Cafe Royal and the Voodoo Rooms. My visit to the Guildford Arms was through no mere accident, but nay, it was to see FC Ukelele play. Turns out, half of Edinburgh also wanted to see them and the Yard of Ale play - the pub was entirely packed out. So what can I tell you? The bar was impossible to get to, but there was a mini bar setup at the back which we setup camp near. Less offerings, but avoided going near the crowds at the front. Win! Toilets were clean. There was a restaurant upstairs, but my arms were built for drinkin' that night. The bands had a mini stage up at the front so even those in the cheap seats could see them perform. Folks were up and dancing around us. Really, it was just a fantastic night - staggering out sozzled and nattering to ladies on the bus all the way home.
5	A feast for the eyes and the soul. The Guilford Arms takes its place among the best pubs in Edinburgh. With a great range of real ale and good food available I can think of no better place to while away a rainy Edinburgh afternoon. Despite its location just off Princes Street its seldom too busy to find some space to enjoy its many offerings, one of which is the traditional fixtures and fittings which evoke a bygone era in these days of mass produced themed bars and restaurants.
3	This is a great little drinking hole.  In fact, it isn't so little as it has the main bar, a little hidden cove area down half a level with a few tables then a restaurant upstairs as well.  It is slightly bordering on an older man's boozer however don't let this put you off as you won't be hassled by them or even notice this so much.  It is older clientele who frequent this place but that just means that you'll have a good night without being bothered.  They serve a decent pint, offer better wine than a lot of pubs and you can also buy little bowls of nuts to nibble on whilst supping your tipple.
5	Classic, great pub. And so convenient to the train station!
4	So cool inside. Huge high ceiling and awesome bar. The dining room is also on a small promenade overlooking the bar area. They serve several real ales from Scottish and further UK brewers. Loud enough to have a great atmosphere, but still no problem to hear each other.
5	Nice pub in Edinburgh!
4	A must stop if in Edinburgh. A great old pub atmosphere. You enter through an ancient revolving door, and the triangle shaped wood bar is in front. No seats at the bar. You just order and go back to your table.  There are small granite and wood tables scattered about the exterior of the room, with an open area to mingle in the middle. There is lots of wood and neat architecture. The ground level is very welcoming.  I can sit and drink for a while, or head upstairs.  Very high ceilings and a second floor that is the restaurant level (the so called Gallery Restaurant). The best seat in the house is on the restaurant level with a table that overlooks the rest of the bar. An awesome view. I eat on the second level of course, and had a great steak.  The other items on the menu are mussels, bangers and mash, other traditional Scottish fair.  Very good, well made, and fresh food.On to the beer! Over 10 hand pumps. Two pumps for the big seller Deuchars IPA. The rest are all different and rotating Scottish micros. All are of very high quality.  Stuarts, Inveralmond, Orkney, etc.  An excellent selection.This is a pub that has been independent for over 100 years, and I love it. Like I said above, a must stop when getting off at Waverly.
4	A nice old style pub...Is close to the train station...Supports local brews.
4	Great scenery, good food, friendly and pleasant stuff. Very nice!
4	I really like this bar. It's got a good selection of real ales and has a fun atmosphere of people passing through, people from the nearby banks, and a few angry looking locals. While a touch expensive I prefer this bar to pretty much anywhere else on this strip and it's a great place to meet friends if they're just coming off the train. A good selection of local beers always helps make a place that bit more special and while I'd like to see their keg range expanded they still do have a good lot of try. They do food. I don't know what it tastes like though. There is even a restaurant somewhere I think. I have given up food for lent so haven't eaten out there yet (worst excuse ever)
4	Princess street and its sourrounding pubs arent really my cuppa, but the Guildford is a bit different. From when you walk through the revolving doors to take in the amazing cornice work to the big horse shoe style bar taking pride of place I always feel like this bar is from another time. The more gentle soles amongst you will be pleased that the food area and bathrooms are more modernised and fully ... turned out with contemporary fixtures. ;DThe folks in the bar are normally a mix of regulars and those that have just popped in, but always friendly. The staff are knowledgable and chatty as a whole. There is a large tv above the door, but this doesnt really detarct from proceedings. Last time I was in they were showing a vhs of adverts from the 80's which made a talking point for a few minutes. The main reason I like this place is that its a real ale bar that I can get my Cider and lager in. All our group are catered for here from the whiskey/vodka drinkers to the real ale folks. Never eaten here before but what I have seen getting turned out looks very nice for pub grub. All in thumbs up from me! :D
4	Great "Everyman" pub. Just beer and basic drinks, but that's ok. Sociable atmosphere. Appeared to be mostly locals, but I felt right at home. 30-something crowd give or take.
4	A traditional pub in the city centre, with fair prices and a good range of ales, beers and lager the Guildford Arms is as good as you could hope for a pub just off of princes street in the heart of the city centre.After entering through the revolving door, the enclosed horse shoe style bar is front and centre, though your eyes will also be drawn to the ornate ceiling. Even on quieter nights the Guildford Arms always feels alive, as all sorts of people chat over their preferred beverage. The seating situation is a little odd and having never eaten here I can't comment on the food (though it looks decent) the Guildford is simply an excellent pub.
5	Had a fantastic pub dinner here tonight.   The pub was busy (it was a Tuesday) which is a good sign but we were concerned that we wouldn't be able to get a table.   But it turned out not to be a problem as we only had to wait about 5 minutes.   Two of us had the steak pie which was excellent.  The third in our party had the haddock and chips which she very much enjoyed.  The staff was friendly and helpful too.  I definitely recommend this place for a casual pub dinner.
5	We decided to try this place out based on the reviews of a couple local Elites. Fantastic experiences both nights we went. First off, the decor is Victorian-decadent and feels classy, modern and welcoming. There are a variety of places to sit -- tables, booths, nooks and crannies -- and you can expect a full house if you're here alongside the after-work crowd.There's a large variety of ales on tap, so don't be afraid to ask the barkeeps for suggestions. Naturally, there's a fine selection of single malts available as well. Prices are very reasonable, especially for being a skip off of Princes Street.If you need something a little more substantial than a few good ales to fill your belly, Guildford Arms also offers gourmet pub grub, from classic fish and chips to your obligatory haggis, neeps and tatties. I tried the Angus steak pie. It came out piping hot and a was a savory little boat full of meat and gravy. Comfort food for grey, cold evening, for sure. There's also a tiny dining area upstairs that overlooks the rest of the pub. Up there, they have an expanded menu featuring a number a entrees. I suppose I'd call it the American section, as that's exactly who the area was full of when we were there (ourselves included).
