5	Got my mountain bike there. Very good deals on bikes and helpful customer service.Prices on some accessories are a little higher than other stores but some are lower.Definitely check them out if you are thinking about buying or renting a bike.They carry FELT bikes which not many stores carry and which are great.
5	When it came time to buy a new bike... I was looking all around and I lived by this shop and stopped by really friendly staff... Helped me get measured for a bike... I did not end up buying anything but I have went back other times to buy other things I need for my bike... It's nice to shop at a business with a friendly and helpful staff.
5	I stopped in here to look at some road cycling shoes and service was great! They even had some shoes on clearance for 1/2 off! I walked out with a really nice pair.
5	Rick was an awesome help. He actually saw me broke down on the side of the road and offered his assistance, really kind of him to take the time to help me fix my bike! Excellent and beautiful shop. Will definitely be back!
5	Best customer service and very helpful and friendly. Recommend visiting their store to browse or purchase a bike!
5	I have brought my bike in several times over the last year for maintenance and it has always been done in a timely professional manner. They are very helpful and definitely some of the friendliest guys I have done business with. It almost makes me look forward to breaking something so I have an excuse to come hangout in there!
5	I was visiting from Philadelphia and looking to get a Mt Bike ride in.  Javelina was both friendly and accommodating, setting us up to use a couple great demo bikes, making sure the suspension was just right and helping us find our way around the trails.  I ride all over the country and this was the best service I have ever received.  I'm wearing my Javelina bike shirt proudly.
5	Couldn't possibly have asked for a more friendly or more knowledgable staff than Craig & Jason.  If you are looking for a top-notch bike shop with amazing inventory, very fair prices & superior sales/service staff, look no further than Javelina Cycles in Awahtukee! Thanks guys!
5	Best shop in south PHX!  The stuff is great and very helpful with anything that you need to know I wanted to know about bicycles.There is an awesome mechanic that works there named Aaron... He is the most knowledgeable bike mechanic I've ever met.He's child around the world on his bike... And has more knowledge and insight and really cool ideas for how to keep your bicycle maintained.
5	These guys rule!!! They are very fare with prices and do a great job going above and beyond for their customers.  I'm actually a supervisor in the customer service field and would be proud to work with these guys. Keep up the great work!!
