3	If you're looking to redo the garden or lawn this is a great place to come.  It has a variety of fountains and lawn decorations, as well as any gardening supplies you might need.  They can even install your fountain or pond for you.  So it the redecoration urge hits, give this place a try.
4	This is your local gardening & nursery store, with both indoor & outdoor areas. You have to walk through the outside garden area to enter inside, & I would say the outside is where the stuff that intrigues me lies. This is where all of the fountains, plants, & statues are on display. They have several neat fountains, all pumping out water. As for the inside, they have all the little trinkets that you'd have either in your garden or even in your house. It's more decorations & such inside, but still some good stuff such as birdhouses.We had a chat with the owner of the place & she was great. We probably talked with her for about 10 minutes or so, about everything from her business to politics. She really made you feel welcomed in this place that is an old house transformed into a store.The whole atmosphere of the place is great, from the bubbling brook in the front, to the flower gardens & hanging plants on the front porch. Remember to enter through the back garden area & make sure to chat it up with the owner.
5	I agree with the other reviewers that this is a great shop not only for plants, seeds, and garden supplies, but also for sound advice.  The people who own and run this shop know our local soils and weather, and know what grows best.  For a recent transplant like me, their insight was invaluable.  They've also got a good selection of water features for your garden, and it's inspiring to wander around the back yard at Royal Gardens, just to get some good ideas.
4	Looks like just another house from the outside as you go zooming by on 7th Street, but this family-run garden shop is worth a look if you need to spruce up your yard or get your green thumb on.The inside of the house is more like a gift shop with a pretty wide variety of gardening gifts and knick-knacks- from watering cans to small planters to all kinds of kitsch one can stick into their garden.  If you are searching for a unique gift for the gardening friend, this would be an excellent stop.  Outback they have an impressive selection of fountains and larger pots to hold your green-wares.  It's fun just to stroll thru and look (and listen) to all the options bubbling thru all makes of vessels and sculptures.  During the planting months, they do carry the obligatory selection of vegetables and herbs.  They also sometimes carry some more interesting things to plant.The real reason you should visit here, though, is for the advice and expertise of the owners who know their neighborhood and the surroundings.  They love to chat and will answer your gardening queries with lots of options.
5	This place is just awesome.  I have never felt so welcome.  The staff was so helpful and just so kind.  I had this place on my radar for awhile and was really glad I finally stepped inside.  I was looking for a gift for my dad he loves landscaping and they had such a nice selection to choose from.If your a garden buff or know someone who is then the Royal Gardens is a must.
4	Charming place! Plenty of fountains and garden decor.
5	Completely charming. A true respite from the busy city!! I found something for the gardener that has everything.
5	One of my top three garden places I shop at here in Charlotte. Just a fun place to visit and hang out for a bit, don't rush your visit if you can help it. I love their heirloom roses and statuary, and the staff are wonderful and about the friendliest around.
