5	I can't express how happy I am with the photographs that Nicole took of my son!  I had never used the services of a professional photographer, and can't say how glad I am that I finally did.  Nicole asked where I wanted to have the photos taken, but I couldn't make a decision, so she kindly scouted out some spots on our side of town.  She ended up picking Moanalua Valley Park.  It turned out to be perfect.  We worked out a time and date and when we got to the park, Nicole was already there checking out different locations within the park.  My three year old wasn't exactly Mr. Personality this particular morning, but Nicole was so patient with him.  Phew.  The worst part for me was waiting to see the photos!  Luckily, I didn't have to wait long at all.  A couple days after the shoot, I got this super cute CD in a cardboard jacket with my son's name and a bow on it.  I quickly put it in the computer and within minutes I was happy-crying.  The pictures were so amazing.  She captured my son's precious soul in so many wonderful ways.  The final product was so worth it!  Nicole has that awesome combination of personality, skill, and professionalism that I think makes a great photographer!!  I will treasure these photographs for a lifetime and definitely hope she is available for future milestones.
5	My (then) fiance and I got gutsy and booked a flight to Honolulu to get married! I did a yelp search, found Nicole and gave her a call. From the get-go she was helpful (helped me find an officiant) and kind and patient. As we were exploring possible beaches, Nicole had suggestions for nearby places to shoot. She texted me the day before the wedding to let me know she had scoped out places at our hotel and identified some great photo opportunities. She was also at the site where we were getting married before us, and we got there a little early! The shoot was fun and easy-going. I also got the pictures before we left Honolulu and the pictures were beautiful! My friends and family loved them and so do my (now) husband and I. Thank you Nicole!
5	We are so happy we found Nicole! I came home from the mainland to celebrate my son's first birthday with my family. I am a pretty bad procrastinator and hadn't really thought of hiring a photographer until I got home.  I searched on Yelp and saw Nicole's beautiful photographs and read the extremely positive reviews.  Luckily she was available (even though I called her 2 days before the party).  She was so sweet and patient!  She drove out to the North Shore for the party and even though I was running around trying to corral my family for some group shots, she was so helpful and adapted to our craziness.  She captured so many precious moments that we didn't even realize she was photographing and we are so grateful to have found her!  My grandmothers still comment on how nice she was and she took such amazing photos of Finn and his great grandmothers that we will always treasure! We received our photos before we returned to Seattle and she posted some photos on her blog (please check it out if you're looking for a sample of her work).  I'm definitely recommending Nicole to friends and family for future events.  She is just what you need if you are looking for someone who can capture the beauty and fun of your special event!  Like the other reviewers, we are so happy with our photos and can't say enough good things about Nicole.
5	I'm sorry to have taken sooo long to post a review but I guess better late than never! Nicole was AWESOME!  We hired her as our photographer for both our engagement shoot and wedding. During the engagement shoot, she was friendly and open to whatever ideas we had. During our wedding, she and her sister were very patient and cool.  Her turnaround time is the absolute best! Thank you so much Nicole and I hope to do more business with you in the future!
5	Nicole was so fun to work with and very professional. I don't love getting my photos taken but Nicole made me feel so comfortable in front of the camera! I love her unique eye and creative style! I would definitely recommend her and would love to work her again in the future! Thanks Nicole!
