3	This is a smaller version of Shepler's Western Wear located inside the Sams Town casino.  They had a decent selection of hats and boots, and an okay selection of jeans.  They only had one pair of the size/brand/color we wanted, so that was a bummer!  Nice staff, though.
4	This store is inside Sam's Town and we usually stay at the hotel when we are in Vegas.  We also go to Shepler's and find something we want!  The stock changes, but they have men's and women's clothing, hats, boots, gifts, children's items, household items and more.  I found a great purse there on my last visit.
1	After being told that the particular cowboy hat that I wanted to purchase was out of stock at the Sahara location, the salesboy called this location.  He informed my sister and I that the hat style that we wanted in a size 7 would be held at this location, so we made the decision to drive all the way across town to get the hat that my father wanted for Christmas.Fast forward past gridlock traffic on the 15 up until past the 95 connector and then more insane travel time and we get to this location.  This store is located on the second floor of Sam's Town, one of the older casinos in Las Vegas.  One reason why I generally avoid the older casinos in Las Vegas is because I don't care for the stale cigarette smoke smell that clings to my clothes and hair after less than half an hour in there.Regardless, we stepped up to the cash register where three sales people were just standing around and talking.  One of them finally noticed us and asked what we needed and we told them that there should have been a cowboy hat on hold for us to purchase.There was not.  When we expressed our frustration with the situation, they could have cared less.  In fact, a manager was present during my sister's tirade and not once did he ask if there was anything wrong.So...we left, ANGRY, and went to a little shop on the corner of Flamingo/Maryland where they also didn't have what we were looking for.  Instead, we spent $70.00 more than we would have and purchased (in my opinion) a better hat.  I know Sheplers probably doesn't care about the fact that they could have made a better sale than we intended, but they could have also had a repeat customer.  Now, I now where to bring my business for gifts for my redneck father and it isn't here...at either location.
1	Don't even bother... Go to the other Las Vegas location! We went yesterday to get a pair of boots at this location. We were told by a family member that they were having a sale that day only (They had been to the other sheplers location)in which they would give you a coupon if you didn't have one or honor the sale (because they had just done so earlier that day).Once there we were rudely told that yes they were having a sale but would not give us a coupon or honor the sale if we did not have one. We decided to buy the boots anyways. The staff was rude, on helpful, and acted like they could care less that you were even in the store.They threw the boots in a tacky plastic shopping bag. We asked of we could get a box because the boots were a gift in which we were told "we don't keep the boxes, we throw them away." I'm sorry, but when you are paying $60 for boots (kids) you would think you would get a box. They said they might have some but couldn't gaurenree that it would be the box they came in. They did give us a box and then in a very "snarky" goodbye said "have a nice day....mam"! Like I said, go to the other location. This one has horrible customer service. Out of three workers, not one of them was even remotely nice or helpful in fact they were down right nasty. Iwe will be making a formal complaint to the company, because if you ask me all three should be fired.
4	Went here looking for a cowboy hat for the hubby and found a great one. He has a big head so it had been hard for us to find him a hat that felt well. He bought a "justin." He loves the hat and I love it too cause I love cowboys. I even got me a hat. Lots of boots here. Most of the girl boots I liked were out of my price range around 300 to 400 but they do carry less expensive ones. An older lady that was shopping there said they wish they had more blouses and more clothing items that are more specific to the state you live in. Since we live in the heat she thought the clothing should be more breathable. I thought they had some cute dresses but wanted too much so I passed. Overall I would probably come here more for accessories and and not clothes. The stuff was top notch- super sweet. It did take a while though for someone to approach us to help with my hubby big head. Guess I should have been taking care of that issue.
4	Excellent customer service. The woman who sold us the boots was very knowledgeable and we wound up with a perfect fit. When we got home, we found the same boots on Shepler's website for about 50 bucks cheaper. We went back the next day to get a refund, and the salesperson (different employee) went out of her way to adjust the price on our purchase to match the online price and make sure we were satisfied.
