4	I've attended Lacey's restorative class and Chris's power yoga class so far. I liked them both a lot, so now I'm a regular at Chris's evening classes (but I normally work during Lacey's restorative). Chris does hands on assists during her classes to help you get deeper in the pose or improve your alignment, which I really appreciate! The studio has free filtered water and tea and some Spiritual Gangster clothing, among other items, in the little shop in front. People are friendly and nice, not intimidating or elitist. I got a Groupon package for 10 classes, and it was definitely a great purchase.
5	I attended several classes and was hooked. I started going because of the convenient location. The instructors are really friendly and helpful. Chris stayed after class and spoke to me for 20 minutes about my practice. I feel quite welcomed every time I go there. You should definitely take a class here. You will keep coming back!
4	I wish that they can crack down on those that come in late. How hard is it to say "sorry class started you can;t go in late"?We had 2 people come in late (over 10 minutes late!), they made a lot of noise and distraction. Surprise that both the guy at the front desk and the instructor did not seem to notice or put an end to it. :(Other than that nice little studio
5	This place has no mirrors so you can really focus on you, and not how unflattering a pose may be when you catch a glimpse of yourself in the mirror!  It is clean, classes are perfect balance of pushing yourself physically, and relaxing.  Chris is the best! You can tell she really loves yoga and her students.  She helps deepen poses which is helpful to me because I am naturally flexible and don't always feel the stretch.
5	This is a great yoga studio. The flow yoga with Chris is amazing! I used a Goupon and I will continue to come every week. The teacher's here really care and it shows! So worth it!
5	I've take a yoga classes from Lacey Church and she is a wonderful, experienced teacher.Wasn't sure yoga was the thing for me, but I will continue going.
