4	I love this place tucked into tiny Gilford and I can't wait till summer comes and this becomes a pedestrian street and Emport Piece can stretch it's sexy skinny jeaned legs out a little further, past the curb, so all the cute kids once cooped up in the window which only seated 4.5 regular sized humans can cheers their grilled cheeses and wine and beerses and dance to the djs late into the night.
5	What perfect place to review for my 100th review on Yelp.  Okay so I'll be honest, I found this place out from Anthony Bourdains show The Layover and most of my culinary findings when I was in Montreal was from that show... But this was the 2nd or 3rd place that I visited from that show and the first few places were legit and on point so I know this place wasn't any different.This place is kinda hard to find in some sense where there isn't any big flashy sign outside showing you they have amazing grilled cheese sandwich but just be on the look out when going down the street when looking for it.The place is a very nice small counter to order. They have a showcase of chilled items in the front which contained some potato salad but the real good stuff is in the grilled cheese with beef shoulder. The lady who took our order was really really nice and very friendly. She asked if i wanted some potato salad and I just said yes! I mean you can't really mess up potato salad can you. The person who took our order was veyr very nice and explained everything and was very informative! I loved it about that place.We order and me and my friend Steve go and sit outside in the designated seating area. It was a nice day out and it was amazing to eat our dinner while the sun started to set.We get our food and it looks frickin AMAZING! I knew already this was going to be a very very delish meal. The meat that was inside was tender and juice and the cheese that was melting with it complimented the it very well. The potato salad had a weird fishy taste to it. Normally im a sucker for mayo and potato but this one was a little bit weird for my taste buds..After chowing down on my meal, i was stuffed, and very happy person. I will sure be coming back here when I'm in Montreal again!
