3	I used this company for 2 rides (one to a place and one home), one way was great, the other was not, so i averaged them to a 3 star rating.I was in vegas for a bachelorette and we booked limos to take us to and from a pole dancing class (highly recommended, see Pole Fitness).  On the way there, our limo arrives (not the stretch hummer I was told i was going to get but whatever) and we noticed it was a million degrees inside...the driver for some strange reason had the heat BLASTING in the back and our controls wouldn't work to shut it off.  it was 95 degrees out, why he had the heat on is beyond me.  it seemed he didn't know how to shut it off either, until finally after about 10 minutes he figured it out.  Also, the radio/ipod hook up would not work at all and he didn't even apologize for that.  He dropped us off and peeled out before we could even say thank you.We were kinda worried for our ride home, but this time, a huge stretch hummer pulled up with music bumpin, and fun lights in the back (and AC working THANK GOD) - exactly what you want for a bachelorette.  Our driver was so wonderful, helped us all in and out of the limo and genuinely wished us a fun night as we left.So i guess we had an overall good experience, just depends on the driver you get which is too bad for the company.
3	I booked a limo through Exotic Limousines to move my best friend's bachelorette party down the strip go to clubbing...and Kim was so responsive to my emails and was really quick to confirm a change in pickup time!  Geele picked us up right on time from NYNY, and the inside of the Lincoln Navigator stretch limo was really, really nice.  (Except, there was no sunroof...I guess that's not standard?)  Unfortunately, Geele thought we were doing some sort of strip tour and he brought us to the LV executive airport!  Weird misunderstanding, there!  And then, when he brought us to Encore, I had to wait 10 minutes for Geele to run my Amex and call in to get an authorization code.  I guess credit cards aren't so convenient?  I wish there was an option to pre-pay for the services so I wouldn't have had to deal with money during our actual ride.  Definitely a buzz kill having the whole group stand on the sidewalk for 10 minutes.  Oh, and he didn't drop us off at the main limo area in front of the hotel...we had to walk up the driveway, where there weren't any sidewalks.Overall, this company is alright...the prices are reasonable, but don't expect anything special.
5	I have owed Kim, Carlos and the gang at Exotic Limos a 5-star rating for quite some time now...finally getting around to it.We have used them for business events several times over the past 2+ years.  They are always prompt, professional and courteous.  They are where and when they say they will be.  Even when we have had last-minute changes, they roll with the punches, with a "no problem, Katie!"  They are truly, truly awesome.  If you want to treat someone to an amazing experience with a professional and courteous driver, look no further.  Like I said, we have used them for 2+ years....and with all the choices in town, they must be doing something right for us to always use them when we need transportation - every time, without fail.
1	I started out super excited about this limo company. They were reasonably priced and they had a really cool Dodge Challenger limo! They really were great as my wedding day started out because we were running late (of course) and the limo driver was super patient and waited for us! We had booked two separate times because it was cheaper than way, so we had a different driver on the way to the ceremony and on the way to the reception. It was the second driver that I had a problem with. We got into the limo and noticed that he was taking a very odd route. He was going in directions completely opposite of where we needed to be going. He then took surface streets for about 15 minutes and then decided to get on the freeway. He got off on the wrong exit and took us up some more surface streets. We finally arrived, annoyed, but glad to be there and the driver approached me stating that we exceeded our time by 20 minutes, therefore we would have to pay them for an hour. That doesn't make any sense. The charge was going to be over $100! I was so mad because the reason we went over is because he was purposely trying to extend our time by going the wrong way! I argued with him about it and he eventually just got into his limo and drove away. I would really think twice about using this company!
3	The booking process was super easy and the guys taking the calls were friendly. Price was good but they say you are going to get cups and ice on the SUV limo. We arrived and the cups were all dirty with dust on them, I asked the driver if he had anymore and he said didn't but we could stop somewhere and get more. Why would we do that? Waste our own time out of our two hour tour to get cups? Then I asked for ice and there wasn't much left. I think these two things would be standard for a limo, cups and ice. But not with my experience.  The tour and bus was awesome and everyone had a great time.
1	Don't bother! The owner failed in calling me back when he said he was going to return my phone call. I had to call again and speak to a colleague and that's when the owner decided to return my call after allowing it to ring one time and hanging up.I needed a limo service for our wedding but if they cant even return a phone call, I wonder if they would even show up!PASS!
5	I have been using Exotic Limo's since I moved to Vegas in 2005. Over the years they have been my driver for my birthday, my friends bachelorette party and countless bachelorette party's that visit my studio. It amazing me that regardless of the time of day or night, they do their best to accommodate my last minute requests. Love them!
5	I have used exotic limousines in the past and just last weekend I should have written a review sooner... I have never had any issues with them... they always do what they say and the cars are awesome!!! I would and do recommend these guys to anyone/anytime!
5	These guys are the best! They have the best rates in town and their fleet of limos are really cool. The two limos that are the coolest are a Harley themed limo with a stripper pole in the middle and a Batmobile themed limo that is huge that can hold up to 20 people comfortably. I mainly use them for airport transfers to our hotel. The nice thing is that they don't have a minimum so you can get them for 1 hour if you like. If you are with a group, it's the perfect way to keep the trip going, especially after pre-drinking in the airport and then having a few cocktails on the plane. When we arrive in Vegas, instead of getting in a cab, the limo is there waiting for us with drinks.  On the way to the hotel, we have the driver make a quick stop at CVS to pick up refreshments and drinks for the hotel. The drivers are always great and treat us like total VIP's. The great thing is that everyone else that sees us thinks that we are high-rollers as well. If only they knew :)
1	We used the dodge challenger limo for our wedding in vegas in the afternoon of the 23rd of september. We had a package with wedding in vegas which included champagne and the trip in the limo to the valley of fire and back.The limo was 20minutes late. The driver apologised saying he warned someone but we didn t get any message....At the end of the trip, the driver obliged us to pay 80$fee for the trip. He said it was compulsory. Moreover we had only two bottles of martini sparkling wine instead of champagne and one bottle of real champagne was unopened on the front passenger seat. We asked him why he won t give us the third bottle. He said he had to pay the champagne With his own money.....we didn t want to pay the fee, we would have agreed to give him gratuity but not this way !!We strongly disrecommend this company.
