5	I contacted Paul, the Owner of The Brand Smith Co. to see if he would be able to make a banner for my sons little league baseball team. I have worked with Paul in the past as he designed the AWESOME truck and trailer wrap for my company vehicles www.cnfentertainment.com based out of Goodyear, AZ. These wraps draw a TON of attention as I cruise on down the road to events or just for pleasure driving to show them off. Back to the banner.... I was very busy and put off contacting Paul until the last minute and thought that there was no way he could pull it off in 3 days because I needed him to also design it. Well, to my surprise he managed to design and produce an amazing banner and all the kids on the Yellow Jacket baseball team were in awe as were the parents from the other teams. The kids now run around the field buzzzzing and I do to telling people what a pleasure it was to work with Paul. I wish you a TON of success and see many, many happy customers in your future.
5	I used Paul in the past for some work on my wrapped business trucks! I recently bought my dream car. Its new 2014 Corvette. Paul did a partial wrap on the Vette and it looks amazing! People are stopping and asking question and taking pictures of the car. The part I like most is that Paul is a perfectionist and takes his time and walks you through the process. I would recommend him to my friends and family! Thanks Paul!
5	As a former Subway franchisee, product manager at Rubbermaid, and now co-founder at Kettle Heroes, finding a creative mind that can take your vision and shape it into a design that communicates your brand and message is critical.  I've worked with graphic designers from nationally known ad agencies, and I have to say that Paul can walk circles around any of these guys.  A consummate professional with a keen sense of design and aesthetics, we would recommend Paul to anyone looking for design and branding services.
5	I gave Paul Sebastian a photo I took of my kids at Santa Monica Beach, and he turned it into a canvas masterpiece. Thanks Paul at Brandsmith for the awesome job!
5	Paul is awesome!!! He does a great job. My business partner gave him the concept of our company and he ran with the logo and developed a logo that is classy, cool and that has personality. Very good job couldn't ask for better.
