3	Called from the airport for a pickup and was told the van broke down so they had an employee in his POV pick me up.  I got there and was helped immediately and was in my room within 5 minutes.  They have old CRT TV's with the typical channels.  The room was clean, odorless, and actually pretty nice.There are many restaurants within walking distance.
2	I hate to dis on a place that I stayed for free after being stranded in an airport after a cancelled flight....It wasn't great but it did the job.  The AC was loud and made it hard to sleep, the sheets were scratchy (cheap detergent), the continental breakfast was not so yummy, but the customer service was nice and it was 5 minutes from the airport.  If you are in a bind at Charlotte International Airport it is a convenient option.
3	Only needed a one night stay in Charlotte, arriving late, so made reservations based on the fact they had airport transportation. (Was going to pick-up my rental car the next day as they were closed at the airport). Desk clerk made reservation for a taxi for pick up the next day since we were not picking up car at airport. Shuttle driver that evening was prompt and very friendly. Hotel was fine for what we needed, close to airport etc.Would stay again for the location.
5	They are so friendly here!  We were put up here after our flight was cancelled.  They got us right to a room and made us feel very welcome.
3	I mean, I guess its okay. But it stops there..we stayed here b/c United airlines gave away our tickets, felt bad and bought us a room. VERY close to the airport. They have airport shuttle every 30minutes, always. bummed b/c the room service was not really room service. It was made at a separate establishment and had to be delivered which was super weird and probably wouldn't taken forever to get to us, so we opted out. No vending machines and the continental breakfast seemed sort of beat, so we went to bed hungry and ate at the airport the next morning. the AC unit was loud, but I find it comforting. It certainly did the job, but was no luxury suite!
3	Ok....I believe in giving a balanced assessment of a property when I yelp because I'd want nothing less when I read a review of a potential place to stay . That said, my stay at country Inn was a mixed bag ...not a nightmare but there's definately room for improvement here *management take note*THE GOOD:*It's convenient to the airport* free  24 hr shuttle service to and from airport* friendly staff* suites are moderately priced , nicely appointed and spacious* free internet!!* free freshly baked cookies and coffee at reception area * complimentary breakfast THE BAD*water in the shower NEVER got hot (grrrrrrr)* unsupervised kids made noise at the pool well past 1030  with a hotel attendant right there!  I even observed the shuttle driver walk over to the attendant and asked him to quiet them down as it was late and some guests may be trying to sleep ...the hotel employee walked over to the pool on his phone and just continued his chat .....never admonishing the kids and simply walked back to where he was chatting  .....reallllly???)Consequently, these are all fixable things and the good outweighed the bad for me so I'm giving country Inn  suites 3 stars
1	Horrible.....horrible.Hole in the shower Stains on carpet Horrible stench I could go on forever.Stay here at your own peril!
1	Gross, gross, gross!!!! First of all, check-in took forever! Then there was no elevators. I asked them what about being handicapped accessible? And the front desk lady got offended and babbled something under her breath. Thankfully I didn't have my big heavy luggage or I would've been pissed having to carry it up the stairs...regardless, I feel piss for the people that did have to carry theirs. Secondly, this place stinks and everything looks nasty!! I have never stayed at a hotel that looks so run down and overall dirty. The carpet feels so yucky but I didn't bring my flip flops. Ugh! Honestly, if they weren't running a special, I wouldn't have stayed here. I'll suck it up since we're only staying a few hours, but I definitely will take a long hot bath to wash off the stench before I leave!
3	We chose this place during an emergency situation when weather interefered with our plans traveling through Charlotte.  The venue is convenient to the airport.  It is clean and the service was above average.  We received a discount due to our assocaition with the airline that dumped us in Charlotte.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The beds were comfortable.  The free 24 hour shuttle is a plus.  Free Internet.  I would definitely recommend this property.
3	It is what it is. A budget airport hotel. The staff are friendly. The free cookies are fresh and tasty. We were there from 1230 - 6. Slept in a comfy bed. Had a hot shower. No complaints.
