5	I got beautiful extra long stem roses from Pj's and they lasted for more than a week. I also 2 friends who have used Pj's recently and were very pleased with the flowers. They do great work.  I follow them on facebook and they post pictures of the arrangements that they do.  Beautiful artistry.  I recommend Pj's highly.
5	My first experience with PJ's was when 1-800 Flowers let me down and i was in a mad dash to find a florist to get my flowers delivered. I called PJ's and even though it was towards the end of the day, and last minute, they came through for me. I have used them three times since then and have never been let down, I fully reccomend Pj's!
5	I have NEVER had such a great experience ordering flowers. This is truly customer service at its highest level. Tony did a fantastic job helping me to order flowers for my girlfriend and at such last minute as well. NOT only did he provide excellent service, he made a special run to the grocery store to purchase an add-on item I wanted to send her. WOW!! I am truly impressed with their great service and help.
3	If I could give this company no stars, I would.  I was very unhappy with the product that was delievered.  The "Guarantee" stated that "We take customer statisfaction seriously and we are proud of the quality and freshness of (the) product.  If for any reason you are not completely satisfied, please phone us WITHIN 24 HOURS."  I phoned the company with my complaint and they were unprofessional and rude.  I was calling to report a problem, NOT TO ASK FOR A NEW PRODUCT, or even my money back.  I would STRONGLY, STRONGLY, STRONGLY (!!!!!!!) suggest that you do not use this company for any gift or floral need.Follow up: Company owner expressed concern with the experience.  Sent a flower arrangement for the problems that happened with the balloons.
5	I just got married on April 28.  My husband and I decided to do an eco-kosher, green wedding.  Therefore, we decided to use local sustainable plants, rather than flowers.  I really wanted succulent bouquets, but was too intimidated to do them myself.  Therefore,  I contacted Tony about three weeks before my wedding to ask if he would do them.  He was very nice on the phone and just asked that I bring the materials that I wanted him to use.  He just charged for labor since I had already purchased the succulents at Costco and ribbon at Michaels.  He ended up making two bouquets, two corsages, and four boutineers.  Everything turned out exactly as I had wanted, and Tony was very reliable (everything arrived exactly on time for pictures as I had requested).  I was impressed by the customer service, by the quality of the work, and by the reasonable prices.  I would recommend PJ's flowers to anyone -- especially someone looking for a personalized project.
5	Tony was able to put together two amazing standing arrangements for my uncle's funeral with only a few hours notice (and on the day before mothers day!). Everyone commented on how beautiful they were and wanted to know where they were from. Thank you so much!
5	I live out of state, but have family in the Phx area. When my mother's 92nd birthday rolled around I knew I wanted something very special for her. Luckily PJ's has a user-friendly website, so I logged on, found a gorgeous, exotic arrangement, and ordered it. I asked for a morning delivery two days out (so it would arrive on her actual b'day)The whole thing went off without a hitch. The flowers arrived right on time, and my Mom called me to thank me... she went on and on about how exquisite the arrangement was, how beautiful each flower was, how amazing it looks in her living room... how all her friends raved about my gift.Thanks Tony, for making me look like a genius! PJ's is quite simply the best florist in the Valley!
5	Tony and his amazing staff continue to impress over and over again.The arrangements are gorgeous, delivery was swift, and I couldn't be happier. I have MY florist in the Valley, that's for sure!
2	Tony was rude to me and his employees when I was there. If he was the only person I had dealt with it would have been 1 star. The woman that initially helped me brought it up a bit because she was very nice.
5	This place is amazing!  The bouquets and all the arrangements they put together for our wedding were perfect! They were beyond beautiful.  They definitely went above and beyond my expectations.  We can't thank u enough for helping make our special day absolutely wonderful!
5	Went in last minute to get a prom coursage and boutonnier!Customer service awesome and they look beautiful and great price for last minute order!!
5	Tony made it happen!!! I ordered flowers for a friend and they were delivered on time and the flowers were gorgeous. Thank you PJ's Flowers!!
