5	Those who know, know this is the place to buy your cases of beer. The prices are low and the tax is included in the price tag, but the best reason to shop here is Sam. He is a character, knows a lot about beer and is a really nice guy.  First time we stopped by, he invited us into his shop and stock area and we talked for quite a while before departing with some real good beer.  Sam Caruso has a story for almost every occasion and  the beer to match each occasion. A real Pittsburgh place.
5	Caruso's is the best place to buy beer (and pop and snacks and smokes) on the northside by far. Hidden in its original spot in the Mexican War Streets, Caruso's is a home away from home. He has a wide range, from cheep crap to really really good stuff. If you don't see it he will try to get it in. You can go and just hang if you want as well. Dogs welcome. Family owned since 1930 and Sam has been there for 40 years. Do yourself a favor and stop by.
4	If you're looking for a wide array of malt liquor and/or ice beer Caruso's is the place for you. Aside from their vast selection of high alcohol drinks they have a pretty decent selection of unique beers and all of the standards you would hope to find at a distributor. The prices are good, sometimes a $1 or $2 cheaper than other places.
5	Went here for the first time today, when I told Sam I had never been there before, he gave me a free beer and then showed me around the back. I'm not too familiar with beer prices in Pittsburgh, but he seems to be a few dollars cheaper than the place on North Federal St. Sam offers to order anything he doesn't have on hand, but seems to have a decent selection readily available. Limited hours, most weekdays open 2-6 so call ahead if unsure of hours.
1	The best thing about this place is Sam. The worst thing about this place is also Sam.What was great was that Sam made me feel at home and treated me like someone he had known for a long time. He took me to the back of his warehouse, gave me a free beer to drink, and engaged me in plenty of conversation. At one point, though, he said, "You look oriental, but you also look American." I'm pretty sure he wasn't meaning for it to be offensive, and I just discounted it as his being an old man who didn't know it was no longer politically correct to say things like that.This is not why I recommend against Caruso's, however. The reason why I'll never go there again is because Sam knowingly sold me expired beer.I was on my way back from the North Side to the East End where I live and after seeing these good reviews, I decided to stop by. I wanted a case of Yuengling, but Sam said, "Why don't you try this instead," and popped open a fresh bottle of Castello, an Italian beer. He had me drink it, all the while espousing its comparative taste to Yuengling at a cheaper price point. It certainly tasted alright, and a case of it was a couple dollars less than what Yuengling was going for.Since the Castello tasted fine, I ended up buying a case of it on Sam's recommendation. A few days later when I opened the box and drank a couple of the beers, however, I noticed that they tasted funny. That's when I looked at the label and saw how each of the bottles had its "sell by" date marked out in black Sharpie. You could see the numbers underneath the Sharpie, and the dates were for well over two years ago. So basically, Sam had convinced me to buy something he hadn't been able to sell, knowing that I lived in the East End and probably wasn't going to visit again anyway.Stale beer aside, there's another big reason not to go to Caruso's: Their prices are steep--$24 for a case of Yuengling. While Sam might be a more charming character than the young folks at my neighborhood distributor Pistella's, at least I know that Pistella's has significantly lower prices and actually has enough customers and product turnover that they won't purposely sell me something that's not fresh.
5	The owner is an amazing guy. The place isn't open all week but the beer is super cheap which is an excellent fine.
