4	Conveniently located near Energie and Miss Sixty, this store draws in a lot of the hip young folks.  The store is nicely decorated, and the staff is friendly and knows how to dress.  However, most of the employees don't know much about the products and also different sales processes.
1	A big fan of the Diesel in Union Square, San Francisco, I was excited to check out this location while browsing the Forum Shops. Never have I met a more annoying group of salesmen (there were no girls) who were almost crawling over each other to get people's business. First 5 seconds in the store I check out the watch/jewelry displays and instantly George or whatever is in my face asking if I'd like to see any of them. I can see them just fine from where I am, thanks.After about 20 more seconds, I turn and walk over to a t-shirt rack. Literally moments after I arrive and start thumbing through the shirts, George is there again, asking me if he can help me get a size!! I haven't even looked at a damn shirt yet! Maybe a minute has passed now, and I turn to look at the few shorts they've got. I see one I like and as soon as I touch it, Leroy is there to offer to get me a size. Okay fine, now it's actually useful. This one's a 27" and I need a 30". He then spends MORE THAN FIVE MINUTES in the back looking and I know he's desperate to find one and make a sale. I almost leave, but he comes back out and says this is the only pair. He insists I try it on. Uhhh buddy, that's 3" too small (yeah I know, that's what she said), but he *really* insists that I try it on. So I humor him (I don't know why) and *try* it on. Of course it doesn't come close to fitting. But he's crestfallen because he was reeeaaallly hoping to make a sale.Oh! Spent all that time whining about the salesmen. Forgot to mention that this seemed to be like the Diesel "Factory Store" 's Factory Store. Meaning they had just the weirdest collection of shitty ugly lime green and sour purple clothes! Where's the real stuff?? Nothing worth buying here.
4	Oh, Diesel I was so excited to find you here while browsing the forum shops.  See, I have been searching for the new denim high tops that I saw in Elle magazine about a month ago.  No one in the Milwaukee area sells them and I cannot find them online.  To my delight they had the shoes here!  I searched for a sales person, and when I found him he went to the back to find my size and looked at me strangely when I told him how difficult these were to find back home.  He came back telling me they didn't have any even close to my size but he could order them and ship them to my house!  "Yes!  Great!  Thanks!" I exclaimed.  So again he disappeared to the back.  About 5 minutes later he came back saying he was so sorry but these shoes are almost completly sold out worldwide and that would be why I cannot find him and he cannot order them.  Damn.  He told me he'd let the district manager know tomorrow when she comes in and I could call back in about a month to see if they will add them to their permanent collection and carry them again.  Boo hoo.  I sadly left but noticed the amazing chandelier on the ceiling.  It was an amusing blend of all things Vegas; glitter, playing carks, poker chips, etc.  Very cool!
1	On my short list of stores with the worst customer service I've ever experienced. We walked in and got blank stares. Started looking around at the watches and made my way to the back where I found some jeans I was interested in, yet nobody came around. Being the only ones in the store you figure they'd take notice. Nope! But yet they say thanks for shopping with us, on our way out? This will be the last time I go to this particular location.
3	Nice big store, lots of selection.  Surprising to see some good deals, mostly in the back on the right side for men's stuff.  Probably the best selection of Diesel I've seen other than the Diesel store in Shanghai, which was 2 entire floors and its even more amazing sections of accessories, but I digress.Customer service--or lack of it?  Wasn't even a busy store, and you could've come back and forth without the staff saying hi to you.A circular room for the shoes.Seems those oversized watches still in fashion.
