5	I have trained with Marcus for over a year now and have had nothing but great results!  When he moved locations, I continued to  train with him even though it was farther from my house.  II dont understand the last review from Robyn.  Just because a facility changes locations doesnt constitue a refund. I can see that a refund would be due f Marcus completely closed his doors and took his Clients money...but that was not the case.  He just changed locations as many businesses do. I am giving Marcus 5 stars as he continues to motivate me to work hard and be healthy. A trainer that truly cares about his Clients
5	I have been working out for many years with weights and treadmills.  The last 5 years were with no results.  I started with Marcus about 6 weeks ago and can't beleive the results so far.   He has a very structured 45 minute program that combines balance with stretching and muscle toning exercises.  I am so happy I found him.  He accommodates all ages in his programs.
5	Ive been working out with Marcus since May and I have seen nothing but great results ever since. Ive had plenty of trainers and have tried different forms of exercise and I have to say this is my favorite. Its fun and the time flies by really quick, I also do private sessions with Marcus that are designed for my goals and achievements. If you want to see results and get in shape then BodyFit is the way to go. You can always count on Marcus to be there for you and help you with all your fitness goals.
5	I've been a client for over 2 years. My results have been fantastic right from the start. Marcus is the most experienced trainer I've met with a phenomenal understanding of total body fitness. The way he combines his series of movements with little or no weights challenges your muscles in ways I would have never imagined possible in a totally safe environment. Class sizes are small with a high level of personal attention from Marcus who runs all classes himself with several classes offered each day.
