5	im a 12 year old girl and i went to house of hoops looking for a quality basketball shoe. i am kind of obsessed with basketball shoes and i know a lot about them myself. The staff treated me like an adult and was very patient and helpful. i found great shoes like Lebron 10's, kobe 7's, hyperdunks 2012, etc. they were all priced at the normal amount ranging from $100-$200. My only suggestion for them would be to have a wider variety of shoe and sock sizes, and colors. Especially for young people like me.
1	I am not one to write Yelp reviews but I had such a negative experience here I have to share. I forgot socks for a fitness class I attended tonight and ran through the mall to this store in hopes of getting a pair of socks as quickly as possible.When I ran in the doors two men greeted and (nicely to their advantage) gave an effort to meet my needs of "one pair of socks." The man, however, led me to the packs of socks... Not helpful, I followed my instincts and went over to the single pair of socks(the other man didn't have a clue both men and women could wear these socks). I told my size in hopes of learning the pair I would need and had both sales gentlemen dumbly staring at the merchandise until I finally found the size equivalent to my shoe size... They had no clue about their merchandise.I then ran to check out(with 7 minutes until my class) and yeh.. the friendly woman working the register rang me up. I swiped my card(one of those gift cards you buy at grocery stores- that I received several days ago for my birthday). I was almost out when the manager appeared from nowhere and aggressively stated I need a pin for this card.. I had used it 4 times prior to this occasion with no need for a pin. He scolded the female cashier and expressed that she needs to pay more attention to these things.. as I am fumbling around trying to figure out what to do... This was the only card I brought in.He continued to scold her and me.. rudely expressing I need a pin and can't make the purchase. He glared at me and re-acted to this situation as if I had stolen this card. One of the coldest people i have encountered and on a serious power trip- I mean- really... am I going to steal a card and buy a pair of socks???? I feel bad for his employees. Well... I got to my class and luckily a friend let me borrow a pair of hers so it turned out alright.But as for this store- I will Never be back. Luckily a Lululemon is opening downstairs that I can make my future trips to... in case of sock emergencies!I truly hope this manager is fired. Bad juju!
1	The worst customer service here ever. One employee said one thing and another said something g different, was a waste of my time and will not be going here again. If you need any sizing larger than a 12, which most athletes are just fyi they don't carry. Stick with nike at Scottsdale quarter
1	Management and new release policies aren't working out.The skinny/bad I have been coming to this specific footlocker since it became a house of hoops location (they get more limited edition shoes than other general FL stores)and even before then and have been pleased with the way I was treated until recently. The last few years they have changed staff and policy I don't recognize the store anymore it used to be first come first serve for new releases and now it's a raffle based system. So basically if you have a homie that works there he can guarantee you a pair without having to come in like everyone else does to fill out raffle ticket. There is no regulation and the manager will hook up star athletes and celebrities to make new friends than keep it fair by selling to a loyal customer. Another policy is that if you buy a new release and release date you can't return it, I was shocked as they stayed that I was reselling shoes and mad cause I couldn't sell the pair I had bought when in all honesty I bought the pair cause I liked color didn't try on fit too tight but since all shoes were sold out they let me know I could not return, it took me calling corporate office to report issue where they sent me box to mail direct to them and then 10-14 days later I got my money back horrible experience. Overall I still shop here I still go for the sales but with so much competition in this mall I generally go to other stores first and save this for last I'd recommend you do the same sheik shoes and finish line had great sales this past weekend.
1	The employees at this store have attitude. I was in a few weeks ago and purchased two pair on Nike shoes. What happened to the old days when they helped you put your shoes on. All they do is take them out of the box and hand them to you. No one seems real happy about being there. I also asked for shoelaces for my Nike hyperdinks. They sold me two pair which were not long enough. Told me that was the longest they had and that was what I needed. Didn't find out until I got home that they were about a foot too short to fit right. I went back yesterday to try and get the right size. Attitude once again.  It appears all they have are laces that are made by the foot locker. The won't make any type of attempt to order from Nike what you need. Whats up, you sell their shoes but won't get their shoelaces. All they play on the stereo in there is ghetto gangster type rap music. Who wants to hear that crap. They finally told me if I wanted laces to go to Nike up somewhere on Scottsdale blvd. They don't even know where Nike is located. I will never buy another pair of shoes from this store.
