4	Who writes a review of a gas station?  I do, that's who. I feel obligated to write a review here because I stop at this gas station at least once a week.  Located off Blue Diamond right next to In-N-Out.  There has been many days and nights where I am in the area and have to make that very important decision; eat at In-N-Out or get something at Fills.  Recently, I've been picking Fills because they are the only gas station that I know that carries RTD Isopure (Ready to Drink Protein).  Isopures have only 160 calories, zero carbs, and 40 grams of protein.  This may not fill me up, but has enough nutrients to sustain me for my next meal.  Also a great post workout whey protein. Other than the Isopures, the staff here is above average.  Ironically, have yet to get gas here.Only issue...this gas station has a car wash that always seems to be either closed or broke.
3	Prices at this location are generally higher then others
3	Great location, good customer service. However, I think due to location they have severely marked up their gas prices. I'm no dummy either but for their gas machines were not user friendly and kept giving me an user error. This annoyed me. Just swipe, read and take my money. Not that easy I guess.
1	This company are complete thieves charged my account twice and also did to a friend on another location!! Very unprofessional!
2	Gas prices due to location are higher than average.  I usually don't fill up here but frequent the the convenience store cause it's on the way to work.   Very rarely do I see them having specials on their snacks.  Expect candy bars to be .99cents and above, their soft drinks too are usually higher than most convenience stores too I've frequent (think Green Valley grocery from Shell that is cheaper).  The one upside to this place the hot clerk.  I've never seen a cute girl work behind a counter at the gas station in say... everrrrr lol
1	This is by far the worst place to get coffee. They don't have liquid flavored creamers, no sugar packets. Everything is powder and it's dispensed from a machine. And the supposedly baked daily donuts were hard and stale. They felt like bagels. This place sucks.
5	Love this gas station! Always clean and tidy and I'm a huge fan of their coffee!
