3	Little bar in Castle Shannon with good food, that has become a popular place to stop and meet friends for a beer, wings or sandwich.  You will get to know Else!  She is great and fun loving and fun to talk to if the place is not to busy.   Else is the owner, usually behind the bar and she remembers your name and drink the next time you show up.Can you say good service!  Service with a smile!Have been a few times with friends and the wings and sandwiches are good. The beer is reasonably priced.  One friend's kids like to go for dinner.
3	Monday is Mexican night! Tuesday is burger night! This place kind of looks like if a teenage girl opened a bar, with various pictures taped to the walls, string lights hung around, and candy everywhere for free as bar snacks. Went for burger night, where patrons can bring their own toppings and share (such as baked beans, or krispy kreme donuts)! There's a bar and tables nearby, and a separate dining area. People are super friendly, and burgers were decent, with a variety of topping choices (make your own!). The sweet potato fries are recommended.
4	Great little bar.  Met some friends and had a really good hamburger and really good wings.  Someone in the group had the quesadilla and said it was good.  Surprising how good the food is for a little bar.   The wings are really good and really popular.Mason jars full of candy at the bar and tables to munch on. Else is so friendly and somehow seems to remembers your name and everyone else's...  Always smiling. Great service!
4	Yes sir, a great little bar with good food and fun place to hang with friends.  Food is better than most bars and Else is great.  A place where they remember your name.  Always friendly and good service.
5	If you are looking for someplace to go in the south hills of Pittsburgh i would definitely recommend Someone Else's Bar.  The drink selection is good, and the food is fantastic.  The true highlight of Else's is the staff.  Everyone is incredibly friendly and makes it a point to remember your name.  The free candy sprinkled around is also a nice touch.  Really a fun low key place to spend a few hours.
4	Great service! I felt like a regular on my first visit. My burger was really above average. The homemade chip where killer. I'll be back.
4	this place is a great little neighborhood find. just over the hill for me! but it IS little! don't expect alot of elbow room. the bar takes up the main room with 4-5 tables against the wall. there's a back room with a few more tables. the place has been packed everytime we've been there, so expect to wait a litlle for a seat. the decor is a mish mash of everything, but it works here.there are jars of free candy everywhere too. that sounds great, but for me, especially during this cold & flu season, & the fact that kids eat there alot, i'll pass! i've taken the food safety course from the health dept.!!!as a confirmed "red wino", i usually get old stuff that has been sitting for ages when i go to a small bar. not here!!! decent wine & even nice glasses!the food is really good! but then, bar food usually is, that's what makes them so great! basic stuff, nothing fancy, but really good! i had the steak salad this time. perfect. tom had a hamburger made to his liking. he thoroughly enjoyed it! we've also had & enjoyed the reuben, fish, sweet potato fries, & onion rings. the food going to other people looked awesome too!!!good food, good prices, good place!
5	There aren't a lot of great little places in the south hills that offer great food, great drink and great company!  I've never had anything that I don't like...but there are things that I keep going back to.  Like the Cheezam (ham, cheese, relish, grilled all golden and yummy)!  Burgers are always a great choice (the Rodeo burger is my favorite), as is the Sloppy Joe (sloppy and yummy goodness).  Just a side of fries, with cheese, bacon and sour cream...oh my.  ABSOLUTELY try the soup - whatever soup it is (if you see the Loaded Baked Potato, Cowboy Stew or Stuffed Pepper soups....get one.  Get all.  Take some home!!!). Great place!
4	I'm a fan! The place is awesome. Candy on the tables is a great idea. We had fish sandwiches, the small fish  is definitely pretty small. The regular fish is giant. no real medium size there.  kids enjoyed the grilled cheese!
5	I have been to Else's a few times and it's a great little neighborhood place.  Candy on all the tables and the bar for snacking, really delicious food, decent prices and always great service.  Tonight we went there and had a little confusion with the bill - the item in question was immediately removed from the bill, which I didn't even ask for.  I've had a great time every time and burger night is definitely worth the trip!
4	Easily one of the more welcoming places I've been to.  The services has been fantastic the three or four times I've been here!  How many places do you go to that the bartender remembers everyones name?The food is really good, but please forgive me as it has been a while and any remember exactly what I've ordered.  I've had burgers twice for sure and they are amazing, probably the best burger in the South Hills, of course I have not tries them all.  I would highly recommend Else's Bar to anyone no matter your age; I'm 27 and have never had an issue here. My only gripe is that it is really warm in the normal seating area...
4	I have to say that I am very, very pleased to have "found" this place in the South Hills. I discovered it when I was grabbing lunch next door at the Kabob G Grill and thought that I have to stop in and check it out after researching via Yelp and the business' website.I came into this place around 7:30 on a cold and blustery Saturday night . Upon entering I felt like I had entered a jolly old pub one might see in a movie and think I wish I could find something like that. This place was warm and welcoming from the decor, staff, and patrons. The special lady and sat at the bar and had a beverage each, I have to admit I'm not sure how much the beers we had were but we had three for a total of $18. While I like Great Lakes beers and the wife had a macrobrew, I still think that an avg.of $6 a beer was a little steep but not ridiculous. They did have a very general variety on draft, but unfortunately no hoppier beers for us hopheads. We tried some ginger sesame wings or something along those line they were solid, and the fish sandwich was enormous and tasty. You can order this piece of ?? Haddock or cod??? you know one of those typical hunks of fish grilled or fried, we decided to get it fried and it was done perfectly, the fish was hot and flaky, and the breading nice and crispy. My lady really enjoyed the assortment of scented soaps in the bathrooms and I just felt like I was at home thinking to myself why the heck do my hands smell like spiced -vanilla- hoisin berry- fruitcake. I would recommend splitting the fish because it is huge. I will certainly be coming back here for the food and atmosphere and maybe a beverage. Oh and ample free parking is a major plus.
5	My husband and I have been going to a Else's for a year and a half. It is by far one of the most welcoming places we've ever been. The staff is amazing. Not only remembering names, but also food and drink orders. My husband is a big beer drinker and their revolving tap, beer of the month, and seasonal beers are right up his alley. The food is always on par. I have never had a meal that I didn't enjoy. Their wing flavors are amazing and their burgers are to die for.  Perfect size restaurant and bar, we are so very  lucky to have this gem in the South Hills.
5	Great family friendly restaurant with a bar in the front and tables throughout!  Very friendly staff and truly great food.
5	Great food, great service, great drinks! Burger night is on Tuesday's and they're all fantastic. I love the Cowboy Stew soup, although all of their soups are tasty bc they're home made. Free candy on all of the tables is a cute touch. The grilled cheese is awesome! I would definitely suggest the soup or a burger! Everything on the menu is worth trying. Only sad thing is they're closed on Sundays, but hey, doesn't everyone deserve a day off?
4	Went to this place for the first time a few weeks ago, even though it's right down the street and I pass it fairly often. They have a very cute outdoor area in the back, with comfy chairs that have lollipops behind them! There are also large chalkboard walls, which can be quite entertaining after a few drinks. We didn't eat anything, but don't worry, we plan to this Thursday (I will report back then). I heard they have some pretty good buff chicken quesadillas! But I have to agree with everyone else, this place is quite corky, and a South Hills gem. The bartender did remember everyone's name, and was extremely friendly. Not the place to go to if you're looking to get wild though. They do a good job of keeping everyone in check.
5	Someone Else's Bar is the ultimate 'introductory' bar for someone who isn't a fan of loud, crowded, noisy bars (like me) - after you visit I'm not sure you'd want to even 'move up' to more expensive, bigger establishments. It's a welcoming, down-to-earth place with fantastic, affordable food. My best friend lived in the apartment right next to SEB for about a year, and when I lived in the South Hills still, we'd go over probably two or three times a month. The waitresses knew us by name (we were known as "the kids" since the majority of customers here are my parents' age, maybe 35-50 year olds). It makes for a great audience, and a very personal feel. You will always get great, friendly service, whether you're at the bar, or at a table. I have eaten there plenty of times at both and have always felt like Someone Else's Bar was a second home. I've only had one experience here where the service at the bar was "just okay." As for the food, it's standard American fare - nothing groundbreaking - but always delicious. Portion sizes are generous, especially the Viking sandwich, which is a fried buffalo chicken breast about 12" long on a gigantic bun. I'm not sure you can find a better, bigger, tastier sandwich in the South Hills. Burger night is a great choice since you can customize your burger with all sorts of toppings (cajun jerk seasoning, blue cheese, some things you don't see often on other menus). Just watch, though, since every additional topping costs more. You can rack up a $13 burger if you're not careful (but it'll be the size of your head so it's worth it). The charm of Someone Else's Bar lies in the quirky details. There is a jar of candy on every table and scattered around the restaurant. They have all kinds of fun, seasonally-changing soaps in the bathrooms. There are fun accessories hanging on the walls, and the decor is pleasantly kitschy. It's just, plain and simple, a fun place to go. Bring your friends, because taking up a table for yourself isn't the best use of space. SEB gets crowded quickly, especially when a Pens/Steelers/Pirates game is on. This is about its only downfall. I wish they had more seating, though I do know they recently expanded with outdoor seating around back. I miss living so close to Someone Else's Bar - but it's honestly worth crossing a few bridges and rivers to get there. Give it a shot.
5	Delicious burgers.....and friendly folks!  They will definitely see us again.  Great neighborhood bar.
5	This place is the best.  My wife and I love it.  Every time we go the staff makes us feel like we were just there yesterday.  We get great service and even better the food is great.  We always get the Hot Pepper Cheese Balls.   It's really just the best place to go, sit, relax and have a good conversation at the end of a long day.  Have a beer and a burger.  You won't regret it!
1	I rarely give 1-star reviews, but after our experience at Someone Else's Bar last night, I honestly couldn't bring myself to bump it up to 2.We decided to stop here as we were looking for a quick dinner prior to heading to Hundred Acres Manor on a Saturday evening.  We figured, good ratings, bar food, it couldn't take more than 1-1.5 hours...  wrong.When we walked into the bar, we weren't sure what to think.  Without any waiting space, we were smashed up against the bar and waiting to figure out who was going to greet us at the "Please wait to be seated sign".  The bar/restaurant seemed busy (which we figured was a good sign) and we were eventually greeted by a server/hostess/manager that couldn't really give us an estimated wait time nor next steps.  After some confusion, she suggested we go wait outside on the back patio with a few beers, which we complied.After about a half-hour of freezing outside (a separate family and us had fun joking about it being 55F and being asked to wait outside with no heaters) we were asked to come in and given a table by the bar.To cut a long story short...  the service was horrible.  Granted, our server said it was only her third day, but was it really necessary to have to retake our drink orders three times?We ordered what I thought would be quick fix food.  Two quesadillas and two fish sandwiches.  After about an hour wait, we pressed our server for our food and were told it was being placed "in the window."  Half an hour later and another follow-up, we finally had our food.Now...  had the restaurant still been busting at the seams, I would of had more sympathy.  But at this point, the restaurant was half-full and quite tepid to be honest.  While the quesadillas were good, my fish sandwich lacked any flavor and the sweet potato fries were greasy, mushy and bland.When I asked to see the manager...  the hostess that originally greeted us came over and gave us nothing but attitude when we complained about the service, food time and being mislead about it "being in the window".  She mentioned that "she was going to comp us a round of drinks but never got around to it" and that she couldn't help that she had to be back in the kitchen.With a little more prose and sympathy, I think I would of been willing to rate this higher and give it another shot on another date...  but that was the final stake in this Halloween terror.
1	I'm usually one to give 5 stars to everything but this place has disappointment me big time, twice!  We had been going there regularly for about a year because the food is good and we decided to bring a group there for my husband's birthday.  The owner could not have been more rude about everything.  She seemed irritated that we came at all and any time we asked for another drink or a menu, she rolled her eyes and walked away grumbling.  That night ended horribly with her being rude, charging me for bringing my own cupcakes, and then yelling at us for playing with the balloons at the table.  There was barely anyone in the bar so we thought she would enjoy the business but she pretty much yelled at us for being there and shoved us out.  We vowed to never go back but...One night we decided to get take out.  I walked in to pick it up and stood at the bar for a while waiting for someone to ask me what I needed an no one even glanced in my direction.  The bartender stood at the other end chatting away, the owner kept looking at me but continued to sit at the bar talking to the bartender.  She eventually got up, asked what I wanted, then made someone else get my food.  The good food can't save this place with the rude service.
