5	Great place to smoke a cigar and unwind. A poker table in the back lounge is nicely placed feet away from the humidor. The TVs always have sports on with a great crowd to smoke with! Cigars, humidors and accessories are all available.
5	Best cigar shop in town! Friendly staff and always a great place to enjoy a smoke too!
5	If you are a cigar smoker then Goodfellas Cigars is the place to be! They have a great spacious lounge with modern furnishings. The owner is a great guy that really knows his cigars, customer service and how to run an outstanding business. The prices are very reasonable and they have a great selection of cigars, humidors and  products. They even have hard to get cigars and they are the first in the area to carry some rare or new cigars. They have events quite often that are always a great time. There is a poker room in the back, humidor cabinets you can rent as a member, and plenty of tv's and chairs to hang out in and catch a game.  Walk in for the first time and I promise you, you will always be coming back to pass the hours before you even realize it.
5	Sam, Sean, and Carlos. Nice guys.As I meander through the desert and find new and unique places specific to Phoenix it is far and few between when the time comes that you find a business with such personal and authentic service.Do not let the lonely nondescript "Cigars" sign disparage you from entering. It really is the best example of "do not judge a book by its cover." Because if you decided to be so superficial of its visage you will miss out on a quality local business.I do not smoke many cigar for health reasons, but when I do, I go here.Enjoy.NOte: Don't be that kid or guy walking in like you are the boss. Take a seat, chill, relax, and be a gentleman.R\_
3	Was in the area and dropped by. The shop is nice, smoking area is comfortable, even has a poker table in the back. I would think it would be cool to have this spot in your neighborhood. Owner seemed nice, and very accommodating, seemed to take great pride in his shop and rightly so.So you ask why only 3 stars? Well....... He asked my preferences in what type of stick I enjoy , and then pointed me to a $15.00 cigar. Now I am not saying I won't  pay that for a stick but for a shop owner to default to that seems a little like "gouging"... Plus it was a stick I had never heard of. Not to say it wasn't a good smoke but I didn't like the approach. Secondly, there were very few cigars in his humidor. He said that due to a car show that he had this weekend that his stock was low. Kinda sucks to stop by a B&M while in the area and get treated to leftovers and the sticks that he couldn't move. I will write that off as poor timing but still kinda a let down. All in all I would stop by again, seemed to be more of a "boutique" shop. There were a few Alec Bradley's, and one box of Camacho's. But mostly small makers, I will say the cigar that I bout ($8:50) was a good smoke.
4	Most hilarious batch of regulars around! These guys make for an awesome atmosphere.Not the best selection of sticks, but a nice place to sit back and enjoy what do you find. I dig the boutique brand selection, I just wish there were more to choose from!BYOB, AC, and good people!
5	The most relaxing cigar lounge I have ever been to. Owner very friendly and helpful. Only place to go and have a cigar.
5	Every time I'm visiting Phoenix from NYC, this is where I stop for my cigars. Very friendly and knowledgeable.
5	The best place to buy cigars hands down!!  Not only do they have an excellent selection and extensive  knowledge of cigars, but the people are the best, not just the people that work there but their customers as well.  They have always been very welcoming to me and my husband, they have never made us feel out of place. They also have some of the best cigar events I have ever come across.
3	Was in the area and dropped by. The shop is nice, smoking area is comfortable, even has a poker table in the back. I would think it would be cool to have this spot in your neighborhood. Owner seemed nice, and very accommodating, seemed to take great pride in his shop and rightly so.So you ask why only 3 stars? Well....... He asked my preferences in what type of stick I enjoy , and then pointed me to a $15.00 cigar. Now I am not saying I won't  pay that for a stick but for a shop owner to default to that seems a little like "gouging"... Plus it was a stick I had never heard of. Not to say it wasn't a good smoke but I didn't like the approach. Secondly, there were very few cigars in his humidor. He said that due to a car show that he had this weekend that his stock was low. Kinda sucks to stop by a B&M while in the area and get treated to leftovers and the sticks that he couldn't move. I will write that off as poor timing but still kinda a let down. All in all I would stop by again, seemed to be more of a "boutique" shop. There were a few Alec Bradley's, and one box of Camacho's. But mostly small makers, I will say the cigar that I bout ($8:50) was a good smoke.
5	When it comes to cigars I consider myself a newbie.  A long long time ago I used to enjoy Royal Jamaica cigars frequently but then fell away from the cigar-smoking hobby.  In the intervening years the Jamaican cigar industry was wiped out by a hurricane.I recently started smoking cigars again.  Knowing that Royal Jamaica was no longer around, I visited Goodfellas - they are just a couple of miles from my house.  They helped me pick out three cigars as a starting point.I've been back many times. I consider them my Tour Guides of the Cigar World.  They helped me discover my preferences, and now that they know my preferences (and the fact that I'm receptive to trying new cigars) their recommendations have been great.The place is staffed with great people who are down-to-earth decent human being and genuine cigar lovers.I love this place.UPDATE: Goodfellas is now closed.
