4	China Buffet is a new Chinese buffet restaurant (duh) in the University area.  For me, it fills a void that was left when Chen's Bistro buffet closed a few months ago in the same general vicinity.  Despite the uninspiring restaurant name, the interior of China Buffet is much nicer than most Chinese buffets.  Most amazing are the entrance with its huge copper doors (which could rival PF Chang's entrances) and host stand area with the oval blue sky and twinkling lights on the ceiling. There are about 10-12 bars of hot and cold foods, plus a Mongolian BBQ area where a chef will cook up your selected meats, veggies, etc. fresh for you, a sushi bar, and a dessert bar with pastries and ice cream.  The food is all good, but nothing really stands out as truly exceptional.  For true sushi eaters, the sushi is just "meh."  It's all very filling, though.  There are a lot of foods here for kids and other picky eaters, too.  The prices are very reasonable -- $8 for lunch and about $10 for dinner.  The buffet area and dining room are all very clean, although the dining room could use a few more separating walls for ambiance.  The decor is all really nice, though, and you can tell that they put a lot of money into the restaurant.  We'll definitely be going back occasionally on those really hungry lunch days.
3	Solid high 3.  I would have given it a 4 had the Sushi chef been remotely friendly or even smiled.  Hell no!  It would have broken his face to smile.Sushi I have been there twice for lunch.  The lunch has a great variety of the standard sushi rolls and nigiri.  It was all tasty and fresh.   No complaints!Chinese BuffettStandard stuff on bar.  All very fresh and tastyHibachi GrillGreat selection of chicken, fish, shrimp, steak.  Looked great!The place was full both times, which ensures the food is rotated and you will always get fresh food.  Overall, two great experiences!
3	China Buffet is a gorgeously appointed restaurant; almost too nice to be a buffet. I really wanted to take home the dining chairs. The Dining area was a bit to brightly lit for my tastes.The buffet itself is huge and so typical of the generic American/Chinese buffet standards. My initial reaction was that there was nothing I wanted to eat. Tons of American junk food, sushi made with surimi, basic Chinese dishes you see everywhere. A salad bar with some great looking mixed greens but nothing but pickles to put on it.  The usual Hibachi grill. Upon further investigation I found some steamed clams with a nice gingery sauce that was worth eating. Then I discovered the baby octopus! They look like little tiny - oh never mind - and were cooked with jalapenos. Tender and spicy, one of the best dishes I've ever had on a Chinese buffet. I ate the whole vat.Would definitely come back for the baby octopus, but with my luck they wouldn't have it that day.
3	Another buffet option for the University Area.  They did a lot of cosmetic changes to the building structure (used to be a Cajun/Mardi Gras Place?) but it definitely has its share of finishes - really heavy looking copper doors and asian-esq statues flanking the doors.  We were seated pretty quickly and there was a pretty good lunch crowd already.  The place can accommodate a lot of people (parking... not so much... but there are signs for additional parking in the back).Waitstaff was friendly and prompt with drink refills.  There is a good selection of food ranging from chicken nuggets, fries, to a full on hibachi grill were the food is cooked to order.   Sushi is also available, but I was a little disappointed since it looked like the sushi had been sitting out for a while...  I know it's hard to do a sushi buffet, but some of the rolls looked a little questionable and I stayed away for fear of later issues in my work day.I was surprised at the price of the buffet 7.99 - so the price does seem right for what you get.  Would I come back... probably... but I can't really do buffets since I feel so miserable afterwards.My favorite thing in there was the emergency exit door with the sign, "EMERGENCY EXIT - ALARM WILL BE SOUND"....  so we know the alarm will sound, or the alarm is good to go?  It gave me a little chuckle.
1	Wish I had seen the Health Dept. score before I ate here. There is no reason for a restaurant to have a 92. The food was cold, almost like the hot tables were not working. Somebody should tell them to put Garlic in the green beans. One of our group had them warm her food up on the grill. The servers were great...they got the star from me. Well, excuse me, I have to go back to the bathroom for the third time since I have been home. Never eating there again, heck with how pretty the place is inside!
4	Fun atmosphere and decorations. The atmosphere is typical mainland china style. Kind of garish and over the top and showy. Nothing understated here. But it is a change of pace from the typical generic styling you usually see. The name in chinese is not actually china buffet but rather summer palace which refers to an historic site north of beijing which is not necessarily a proud moment in chinese history but historic and a fabulous place to visit and on most tourist's list when in that area. The real summer palace is the definition of over the top. Anyways on to the food itself. The food is decent, you will most likely find at least 2-3 things that will satisfy you when you visit as they have a wide range of dishes. I will point out the highlights. First off, the hibachi grill is good, always, always get that first and they have scallops. The soup is another decent item. The rolls here are not worth much in my book and i always pass them up. The steamed fish is very good. One very unique item here is the frogs legs. How many chinese buffets serve frogs legs every day? In my opinion, this is not the best chinese buffet in the area but it has the most variety and noisy typical "chinese" atmosphere. Which is a good thing when you are in the mood, if not you may find it too noisy which I sometimes do. I do enjoy coming here for lunch and sometimes dinner.
3	Beautiful interior.  Really beautiful.  My kids were fascinated by the cork carvings within the glass dividers, and the statues at the entrance.  There was a fair selection, but my favorite was the hibachi.  I am not a big fan of buffets at all, but to me the hibachi makes all the difference.  You get the benefit of selecting exactly what you want, and also don't have your food sitting around in a steam tray.  They did seem to be regularly refilled, though, so I don't think that they were sitting around TOO long.  I'd return.
3	CHINA BUFFETNever in my life would I have imagined I would eat a chinese buffet in Charlotte, North Carolina, but here I am, visiting (future) family that really only likes to eat Asian food. How does China Buffet compare to other Chinese buffets in CA? Honestly, it wasn't too bad. Decor-wise, it trumps anything in CA: the decorations are spectacular, as the entire establishment is adorned with giant Chinese wood-cuttings, banners, and paintings. Even the table tops are Chinese paintings! Food-wise, it's comparable to those in CA. The salt/pepper frog legs were the clear winners, as the batter wasn't too fried, and it just salty enough. There were many octopus entrees and fish to eat, which is pretty cool. They even have a hibachi bar, where you choose your own toppings and they stir-fry it for you. As for noodle soups, choose from Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, or Japanese-style. Better yet, they give you scallops in your noodle dishes! Desserts: just stick to the ice cream. Everything else is so-so. Seems like a popular spot for birthday parties, as we could hear many celebrations during dinner. Chinese buffets in North Carolina? It's passable. Nothing crazy, but not as bad as I would have expected...
3	First off, the decor to this establishment is stunning. The wait staff did their job well, filling up drinks and removing plates from the table. The buffet features your standard food found in other Chinese buffets, chicken and beef dishes, a salad and desert bar, rice dishes, noodles, and sushi. There is even a Hibachi grill where you can have your food cooked to order. The buffet features American dishes such as pizza and macaroni and cheese as well. The food ranges from mediocre to decent. Some of the food I actually enjoyed, however some of the chicken dishes were bland and rubbery, probably due to being frozen. Another complaint is the choice of music, the restaurant plays modern radio music as we dined. I do not want to listen to Justin Bieber or Rap/Hip hop while I am eating. I suggest a more classical approach, or Chinese music, fitting of a CHINESE restaurant as it is more calming. Overall, this is one of the better Chinese buffets out there and for around $10 per person, you can fill up your stomach with passable food.
3	For a weekday dinner buffet at $10.99, I'd say you can't beat that! I'm a sucker for a good buffet once in a while, and although you definitely get what you pay for here, the place isn't too bad! You have your usual American/Chinese cuisine, but I was disappointed they didn't have oysters. The only thing worth negative mentioning is that they need cleaning staff (both on the buffet floor and restrooms) attending at all times. It gets a little dirty and messy FAST, and quick cleanliness in this type of business is extremely important.  All in all, if you're craving buffet food, I'd definitely give this place a shot!
3	Dining in is a good experience. While being on the pricey side, they have more variety than most Chinese buffets and the building has undergone a beautiful, and probably expensive renovation.They would get 4 stars if it weren't for a screw-up that tainted my view of them. A coworker and I ordered carryout and they gave me/charged me for a completely different item, giving me white rice instead of fried and no spring roll which came with the dish I ordered. I said the number of the item I ordered, not the dish, so the screw-up was solely on the cashier's end. She offered no apology, no discount (even though the item I was charged for and given was a dollar more expensive than what I ordered) and simply said "is the white rice we already gave you okay?" when I inquired about the fried rice I'd ordered.So on the service end, this place is lacking. I will continue going here for the buffet, but will surely never order carryout from here again.
4	China Buffett offers a nice selection of Asian and americanized cuisine.  The sushi was fresh and creatively presented.  The buffet was well maintained and constantly replenished.  Loved the salt and pepper blue crab  and prawn.  They also offer hibachi grill, which is included in the price of the buffet.The decor is very upscale for a buffet and the staff very friendly and attentive. I would definitely return for another meal.
4	We love going to the China Buffet owned by the same people in Pineville, NC by Carolina Place mall for their sushi selection. We were told that this one would not have the same sushi selection as the one in Pineville and that has caused us to hold back on trying this place out since it opened.We just went a couple of weeks ago since we moved closer to this side of town and needed our Chinese Buffet fix. I wasn't disappointed at all in the food selection which was actually a lot better of a selection than the one at their Pineville location. The sushi selection wasn't at all bad either. They didn't have specific rolls that they have at the other location, but then they did have additional rolls that weren't at the other location either. All in All I think that I prefer this one over the Pineville location because they have a larger variety of selection for their buffet. They also have the hibachi grill option which they do not have at the other location either.
5	I give this five stars because of the cleanliness and selection.... Lots of food and it was all fresh and delicious. Compared to other Chinese buffets this is definitely one of the better ones.... I recommend it... Staff was friendly as well so all around good choice
5	When you first walk into the copper entry doors you feel like you are at a very expensive, snooty restaurant, but thats actually not the case. Very modern and flashy, the interior soothes the eyes, as the great food soothes your pallet. Modestly priced at $10-11 per person for adults, there is an ample selection of hot, fresh food, as well as a Mongolian style buffet where you add ingredients for the chef to make you teriyaki, hibachi or garlic dishes while you watch. My family loves the vast selection of beef, chicken, fish and seafood dishes that align the 10 or so buffet servers. Hot food is brought out constantly, even when attendance is lacking. Our new favorite asian buffet!
2	After reading the reviews here you would think restaurants were based off selection and not food quality.  This is a typical chinese buffet/mongolian grill with sushi selections.  Lots of variety and all of it is pretty terrible. Many dishes were luke warm, sushi was gummy, tables were close together and clientele was very low end with lots of kids running around.  If anyone tries to tell you the food is good then just go and try the general tsos chicken.  Go ahead, cut it up.  How much meat is in there and how much of that meat is white?  You are NUTS if you aren't going to Fuse Buffett instead....but if you have kids you are going to let loose then stay at china buffet!
4	It's a Chinese Buffet and I'm comparing it only to other Chinese buffets. It's one of the best I've been to. The food was hot, fresh and delicious. The selection is great and always changing from visit to visit. The food is constantly being replenished. Take out is charged by the pound. They do have menus if you are so inclined. The seating area atmosphere was VERY nice, and the furnishings were well above any other buffet I've seen. Everything was clean! The service is great. It is priced at $7.99 at lunch and $10.99 dinner per person for adults. There is an ample selection of hot, fresh food, as well as a Mongolian style buffet where you add ingredients for the chef to make you teriyaki, hibachi or garlic dishes while you watch. The sushi is always full and they are making in fresh right there. Don't compare it to your favorite sushi place... it's a buffet.
1	One star. Only because that's as low as I can give. Hibachi bar was out of steak. And when it finally got grilled, the chicken was half cooked. The buffet bar was dirty and probably about half of the dishes were empty. What was there was cold. No refills on drinks. I left this place hungrier than I was when I walked in. I will not be returning here and I do not recommend it to anyone. There's a clean McDonald's across the street.
4	I have trouble passing up Chinese buffets, so when it was lunchtime and I had an hour until I needed to pick up my wife from her nearby dental appointment, I headed here!Not too busy on a weekday at 11:45, there were plenty of tables. The food on the steam tables appeared pretty fresh (or at least as fresh as it can be in this situation). Pretty solid for straight carbs with noodles and rice dishes, the usual protein heavy trays were a bit lacking. You could probably do better if you wanted to do the hibachi where you can put in as much meat or chicken as you like. But where China Buffet seems to excel is over at the sushi section. A very good selection and not just the boring ones. There was mackerel. And more. Hey, I took a pic.Service was good. My waiter was back and forth often to refill my water glass (you should really drink a lot of water at a Chinese buffet).I liked it. I'll try and be back!
3	Same owner of the China Buffet in Pineville off of Lee Street. They had really outdone themselves with the one in the University area. The interior and exterior design of this place is nice and inviting. They have a better selection here and offers a hibachis grill station. I do however feel that this place does not offer the same quality sushi as they do in Pineville, but they do however offer a BIGGER dish variety selection compare to the one in Pineville. All in all its a good place to eat at when you are in the mood for Chinese buffet.
5	This place is next-door to our hotel - and since our hotel doesn't include breakfast and we slept late today, we ate lunch (brunch) at China Buffet.  We're incredulous about the negative reviews, since our experience was quite the opposite.  Firstly, everything was very clean and the food was quite fresh.  Secondly, the selection of food was *terrific*; really impressive when compared to other Chinese buffets - and it included a big variety of sushi, too.  Thirdly; everyone working there was *very* pleasant, plus our server (i.e., he brought & refilled our water glasses and he cleared our plates between visits to the buffet) was *very* attentive.  In addition, the interior of the restaurant is very attractive and spacious.(Update on 4/14/14):  We also ate lunch (brunch) there today and it was another very positive experience.  The cost is much less on weekdays ($8.99 vs. $12.99, although even $12.99 is a bargain for the amount of delicious food).  The hostess recognized us, and she & our server were very sweet.
5	If you like  noodle soup then China Buffet is the place to go. You can go up at the hibachi and tell them to make you noodle soup. My folks and I love the udon noodle soup. It has alot of flavor. The noodle is included in the buffet price. The sushi is okay depending on the days you go. If you are a sushi lover then go to Fuse Buffet. I love the crab ragoon  because the way it is made. It is not flat crab ragoon. The servers are very nice and they refill your drinks quickly. If you love Pho then you will love the noodle soup they make at the Hibachi.
4	I was staying at the Holiday Inn next door, and dinner time rolled around, so I strolled over here and had a delightful dinner buffet.  I was very pleasantly surprised by their Crab and Cheese casserole type thing which was quite good.  Overall, they had a sizable collection of food for a reasonable price, and I certainly left quite full.
3	At $12.99 a person for dinner (on a week night), it's a little pricey. BUT they had blue crabs, clams in black bean sauce, steam flounder, sushi, salt & pepper shrimps (with heads), crawfish, noodle station and other food items that can make this worths the money. I normally come here with my parents. My mom always has $1 off per person coupon with her (it's out there, not sure which neighborhood coupon booklet). The service is... well, it's a chinese buffet so there's not much of a service to speak of. On the plus side, my water glass was never empty. Overall food is ok and in good supply (I HATE all-you-can-eat places where they're stingy with bringing out hot food). Not a bad option in the area.
3	Had lunch here today. First time. Pretty darn good. Large selection of the usual buffet items. All seemed fresh. Nothing looked like it had been sitting there long. Enjoyed it and will come back.
3	We felt the buffet was pretty good for buffet standard.  Husband even liked it .  They were always bringing hot foods.
3	It's good, but not great. Definitely not a cheap meal, if you splurge and order a tea or soft drink, you are looking at $12 for lunch. The hibachi is popular, I didn't see many lining up for sushi. The buffet is a different story. I like the way the tables are laid out, even when they are crowded, there is enough room to walk around the tables. So what's good? If you like chicken, the fajita is really good. The fried wings are good too, the drumettes are meaty and tasty. The s&p calamari is good if you get them fresh from the kitchen. I don't eat rice, but they have several to choose from. The selection on the weekend was different than what I saw on a weekday, and the meal was $2 more on Saturday. Otherwise, looked like the standard Chinese buffet offerings. If you can pack the food away (not in a doggy bag lol), probably a good choice if you are in the University area.
4	My husband wanted Chinese buffet but the only one with decent reviews was almost 10 miles away. Well that didn't stop him and here we were on our way to Chinese buffet. In another city maybe Saturday afternoon 10 miles is nothing but in Charlotte's traffic 10 miles seems like forever. By the time we got there I was so thankful it was buffet because I was very hungry. Well the place is huge, and the decoration is very interesting and I liked it. It was very busy and I saw a lot of Asian people which is a good sign. We didn't even sit I told our server water please and then ran to the food, They had a big selection of food, and all the trays were full and they seemed fresh. I had to be very careful while choosing what to eat because of my little one but it was easy with all the options they have. I was very satisfied and it is a Chinese buffet so lets keep real, the food was ok. But when you are hungry and you decide to go to a buffet then I don't expect great food. I just have to say that my husband love it but he loves food in general. He even made plans to take my dad there when he visit us from Nashville (those two are buffet lovers). So yes I will be back.
5	Went there for lunch.  Great food selection for lunch.  Included Hibachi and sushi.  $9 for lunch is a bargain.  Service was attentive and fast.  The Hibachi grill, while a little slow, had much to offer.  Place could use a better desert selection but for $9 you really can't complain.
