5	One of the nicest Target stores in town! It is one of the new "P-Fresh" locations, so it has fresh food, produce, meat, and other grocery items. It's actually the lowest prices on food I've seen around. Bananas are usually only $.15 per each! It's got the typical Pharmacy, Photo, Pizza Hut Express, Starbucks. Always seems to be lots of lanes open. Opened in Oct. 2009, and it defenitly shows. Nice to be in the newest Target in Vegas!
5	Its a clean Target and its close to home (not sure if thats a good thing). They have it all...groceries, pizza hut, pharmacy, Starbucks, & photo dept (on-line orders too).They have a big parking lot and a bunch of new stores in the same area that will be opening up soon. Its a NICE TARGET...nuff said.
5	Wonderful! Granted, it's new and fairly untainted, but you'll be hard pressed to find a Target in town that's as clean, organized and well-stocked as this one on a consistent basis. I purchased a TV here about a month ago and they were a little short staffed that evening, however went out of their to find someone to help me load the TV into my car.They have an awesome fresh food selection and everything set up in the grocery area is aesthetically pleasing. Like I said, it's always well-stocked and if they're out of something, there's always a team member within a few steps of where you are who will graciously assist you.
5	I love Target. I go there for all sorts of stuff and usually leave with more then I intended. And this is one mighty fine Target. I was in the area and needed Christmas cards so I decided to stop here instead of heading to my normal Target. The parking lot is huge, there is a Starbucks inside, there is a little grocery area with produce and whatnot as well as frozen foods. Everything you need to make one quick stop.I bought a t-shirt here that was on sale for $1. Only a buck! Just a basic white v-neck shirt but still. A buck! When I was waiting in line to pay, which wasn't taking long at all since the cashier all appears to be well trained, an additional lane was opened and the cashier rang me up first which got me out of there even quicker. I love Target... I REALLY love this Target.
5	Living in Henderson I used to be forced to go to the awful Target on Eastern. Terrible parking lot, disorganized, and lacking in basics like cream, cheese, or meat. A Target shopper all my life, I had resigned myself to only going once a month due to the crappiness of the Eastern Target. Then, as luck would have it a brand spanking new beautiful Target opened in my neighborhood! With food! It's extremely well organized, clean, and stocked. The employees are friendly and the grocery section is big enough where I can get nearly all my basics. As with all Targets, prices are fabulous. Thank you Target for keeping my life Wal-mart free !
5	First off, I must say this is one of the nicest Targets in the area.  A few things make it so nice.  One is the staff of which  Angela in Customer Service is an absolute sweetheart.  The second is the Starbucks.  Yes, I know, you can get Starbucks anywhere.  What makes this one so great is 2 of the staff.  Amy & Seazun.  Both of them are super-friendly and do an amazing job of making one feel welcome.  You don't get that in alot of Starbucks.  My husband & I go out of our way to go there.  We are regulars, once a week but then when we need something we go to this Target.  So, I guess you can say, yes, it's a Target, they're all the same.  That's true.  What makes this one special is the staff.  Management should be commended.
5	There's just something about this Target. It still has that shiny and new feeling. And it just seems bigger and better. Even with the Target on Eastern technically being closer to me, I will go the distance and come here. It is just a better shopping experience.Now, this place is no Super Target (oh how I wish they would bring one of those here). But it does come close with their offering a fairly decent number of grocery items, including produce and frozen foods. All of this allows you to sometimes only have to hit up one store (this Target) for all of your needed items - and I love that.
4	I love this target. We sit at the Starbucks and it is not noisy we can actually get a lot of work done. This is the best Target around. I know they are all the same but I don't know why we will go the extra distance to shop at this one.
5	This Target is still my favorite as it remains clean, organized and well-stocked. The parking situation may soon become a little more difficult as a Staples is slated to open next door and a Pavilions (I believe) grocery store not more than an acre away. The store associates continue to be helpful and I've only had one instance in which I'd consider the customer service below average. However I think the kid I asked for help had just taken his dosage of Ritalin because he was slow on the uptake when I asked a very simple question about Sharpies...This Target is nearly 30 minutes away from me but i can't stay away from here for more than a week. To put it in perspective, there's a Target 10 minutes from me that I'd sooner poke my eyes out with a dull pencil than set foot in there. GV Target-you set the bar and my weekly gas bill, very high!
4	It baffled me at first because this store is not that far from the Silverado Ranch location. The more I come here, the more I like it. This store is tidy, has all the basic essentials of any other Target, and it has groceries. The food stuff is decent if you need to do general shopping. My friends and I spent a few hours walking through the aisles for their wedding registry and I never grew bored. The store is easy to navigate through and the layout is clean. The associates are quick to assist. They always seem to make eye contact and greet you well too.
5	This is the best Target I've found.The selection is much wider here than the other ones around Henderson. I often find that they have more clothing sizes and colors in stock and the shoes are always very organized.  When I worked at Target eons ago, I remember how hard it was to keep the shoes looking nice.  Here, it is always immaculate.  I appreciate that I don't have as much trouble flagging down an associate here as I do other locations.  If I push the little pager button located on the endcaps, someone is actually there in the time frame allotted.  Hooray.I like to walk around, even if I don't buy anything.  I even like the way Targets smell.  I think I have a Target problem.
3	The nicest of the Targets in (my part of) Henderson. Lines are still out of control every time I've been here.
4	I love this Target! It's very clean, new, and I like the layout of this store. Also BEST thing about this Target is the Starbucks inside! I like to get a coffee before shopping....get some caffeine to go go go! The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the pharmacy is a little lacking. Their communication about my prescriptions are iffy to almost non-existent. Other than that the store is GREAT!
5	I go in for three things and end up spending $200... Every time. Target is my addiction. And to make things worse, they have a starbucks. hee hee =-)
5	Even on a "busy" Saturday it's not a hectic mess.  This target is not the closest to my house but has the best selection and is always clean and calm.
4	Great store! Always have products in stock. There is always a person around to help and they are very friendly. Oh and did I mention there is a Starbucks IN THE STORE?! Yup. Signed up for the Target Debit Card and now I save 5% on every purchase so I'm shopping there more often than I would've before. Very clean store, very.
5	Best target in the area.  Very clean, people are very helpful, there is a lot of parking spaces and it is very well lit in the evening.  My wife and son love Target, and this one is the best in the local area.
5	In the area for work this week and discovered that I packed my suitcase like Willy Wonka would have.  Plenty of junk food.  NO necessaries.  (I did remember my collection of pocket knives.  Thanks TSA).  So I swung in here to get the random list of items I needed.  Clean, beautiful store.  Friendly employees, and I had the added benefit of watching some cash register rage when a spry geriatric got really peeved at the loud, slow, self-centered Jersey-types in front of her.  GET IT ON, GRANNY!  Smack down at register 4!!
1	My wife and I went to this store to register for a baby shower and after getting our scanner proceeded to the maternity section.  This was on a Monday at around 11am, so not too busy but there were other mothers shopping in this section with numerous small children.  There were also about 6-7 Target employees stocking several baby items.  A little hectic in the section but no problem.  We weren't even there one minute until we started to hear several of the employees joking around with each other, but using words like "fu**" "gay" "retard" and numerous others that are offensive to most.  We can hear the employees complaining about how busy it is, making it difficult to stock their product, so the only female employee with them says something long the lines of "you just need to start throwing elbows to get by."  So now I'm starting to really get upset because here are these employees saying these completely disrespectful things in front of customers and small children in the maternity section!  I look at one of the younger employees so they know that we're watching and listening in hopes that they'll tone it down and I can hear him on the other aisle say something like "that guy over there eyeballing me like he owns this place."  Once I heard that I went over there to confront the guy, not only on the fact that he was now loudly complaining about a paying customer, but also about the fact that I didn't appreciate their language.  I asked the guy if he had a problem and he said he did, so I proceeded to tell him I didn't appreciate their language in this section and he and 3 other employees by him completely blow it off, don't say sorry, and walk away.  I then ask for a manager and they send me the female employee who 2 minutes ago was telling them to elbow customers.  So I ask her about that comment and she says she meant the employees needed to elbow each other and not customers, but still doesn't say sorry.  They finally get me a real manager who was nice enough and apologized on behalf of the employees and said he would talk with them, but our shopping experience there was already ruined by that point.  I completely frustrates me that these employees have absolutely no respect for the customers around them and never acknowledged any wrong doing.  I will never shop at this particular Target again and will start driving further so I can go somewhere I don't have to put up with what I experienced today.
5	There's not much more I can say about a Target that I haven't said about the other locations I have visited. Always a pleasure, and you always know what you're going to get. A clean store that's very well organized and has great employees.This store was just that. I love shopping Target stores because it's relaxing, as weird as that may sound. When I shop Walmart, I always feel like I am on the defense for something crazy about to happen! lol!I will be shopping this location a lot. It closely matches my former location in Summerlin on Hualapai and Flamingo that I used to frequent, so I definitely feel at home here now being a return resident of Green Valley, Kudos to this store's management team and the entire staff. Oh and there's a nice looking Starbuck's in here too! :)
5	Target, regardless of whatever state it's in, is amazing!I can always count on Target to have my large Arrowhead water jug for only $1 and a great snack collection especially for the 4 hour drive home in this occasion. My girlfriend picked up some comfy workout shorts for the drive home, and we still made it under $20... which is a freaking miracle! I will absolutely come back when I'm in the area again.
5	This is my "home" Target and I absolutely love it!! The Pharmacists are great (minus one of the tech girls, she has 0 personality and has never smiled a day in her life) and everything is really easy to find. They cashiers I've noticed are a lot of teenagers not they're still really friendly and try to help with questions. I can (and do) lose myself for hours in that store. LOVE IT!
4	Not as crazy as what I thought it would be for a Saturday morning. I don't mind this Target, especially when I am close to my mom's. I like a lot of their "up and Up" products. And if you go to target.com, you can print off store coupons... since I never seem to get any in the mail like my parents do..... But there are never sufficient cashiers......there are always too few. They should give someone a job, and hire another~!
5	Here is the dealio on this Target.  I enjoy Target overall for their efficiencies and comfort non flea market like setting...a.  Location - Southwest corner of Green Valley Pkwy and Horizon Ridge. Nice, plenty of parking, so many ways to get in and out.b.  Ambiance - Wow, clean carts, carts that drive straight, clean and organized entrance, everything is fresh and updated and contemporary.  Flow is amazingly just right.c.  Services - Only thing I did not see was a portrait studio. They sell food here and have every department that other Targets have.  They also have a Starbucks here, so that is really cool.d.  Stock - THey do a great job on stocking their shelves.e.  Cashier - Awesome and they will open more and more as the lines dictate.Overall for all the Target's this one is the best. You feel that this is the first class Target and they hit the mark on this one!
4	Oh Target... I go in for one thing and walk out with ten.  This location is great. The store is kept very clean and organized. I like that it is less busy than the Stephanie/Sunset location.  Their parking is plentiful and I haven't had any issue finding a close enough spot.  I've had great customer service here with several employees asking me if I'm finding everything I need.  "yes and then some!"    Sometimes I do see some of the younger kids not really working and just chatting.... But it's few and far between. They seem to have great employees here.  I also have had great service at check out.  The lines move quick and efficiently.  There are usually plenty of cashiers during busy times and others there to help if they need more.  It doesn't hurt that Starbucks is located inside here.  You can smell the goodness when you're at checkout.  Darn Starbucks sucks you in....  LOLI'd always rather go here than the other place (begins with Wal and end with mart).   Hooray for Target!
4	Target is my go to store!  I'm not a huge fan of another big box store in town maybe because I grew up with Target!  I find Target's to be clean and well organized!  This Target is fairly new and I love the other stores in the area!  I can find almost everything I need at Target!  There is a Starbucks in the entrance with a nice size seating area compared to other Target's.  I do however walk across the parking lot to Layer's for my coffee! :)Like most Target's nowadays they also have a Fresh Market section.  I usually find the prices to be quite reasonable.  I've found some great deals on clothes here and that's cool for me!  Search and you will find!Great selection, great prices and deals to be found.  You can't go wrong!
4	Out of all the Targets in the area this one is my favorite as far as customer service goes.  Their employees do really work as a team.Couple weeks ago I asked one employee for help finding an item.  He really didn't know much but answered my questions as best as he could since he was new. Another employee just happened to walk by and offered to assist with helping him find what I was looking for.  It's always like this at this store in particular.  Everyone is helpful. The place is always kept clean and organized and merchandise is well signed.  I never have a problem having to guess how much something costs. My gripe is this store is their busiest one so the the new and more popular merchandise sells out quicker.  You practically have to grab the item when you first see it...Im still bummed that I missed out this cute fuzzy Hello Kitty vest https://www.dropbox.com/s/bgsyco4iw3gy6lx/1386764450-picsay.jpg ..the size I wanted was gone when I went back. .sigh. .. Not their fault but wish they kept a larger inventory since this is one of their popular stores.
4	Super huge it's wall to wall goodies. Call me simple but I found pink salt. Ha. How unique is that! I enjoyed the employees because they are super friendly.  I will return soon. Please check out my PICTURES. THIS target rocks.
4	I'm a sucker for Target..This location in particular, is close by work so I can get my couponing fix easily (I'm new to the couponing world and Target seems to have the best deals!) This one is also nicer and cleaner than the one close to home (on Stephanie) ..I always get the friendliest staff helping me and they always help each other when one is busy or don't have a clue where an item is.I also like that Target has fresh produce! And they have the cutest home accessories and women's clothing!I'm one of those that only need one thing but end up leaving with 20 items! It's definitely a personal problem! LOL Yay Target!
5	Target, I love you!  But, my hubby does not share the love because I often spend so much money here. Dang you and your clearance end caps!  Prices are pretty good and don't forget to use your cartwheel app on your phone. You can either scan your products or just browse the app to see if you can save additional money. They even have cartwheel deals at the Target Cafe. Friendly employees, always clean and cute decorative items keeps me coming back.
5	I give this store a 5-star rating because of consistency. They're always friendly and the store is clean. The pharmacy is the best part of the store (shouts to Chantelle I see you!) because they go above and beyond for me.Staff often approaches me asking if I need anything. They're attentive and nice. Highly recommended!!
5	I shop here all the time now that they have groceries! The prices are good and I find they stock the shelves pretty well. They have online coupons and I use my red card for another 5% off every purchase. Beats dealing with Wal-Mart any day of the week!
5	i have to say, i never really do have any bad experiences here at Target, most of the associate here are very friendly and helpful. We went in to buy some furnitures, it was not heavy, they were insisting on taking to the car for us! how nice is that! i can't said the same thing for Walmart (piece of dungs)
5	I love that Target has a grocery section. It makes it a one-stop store for shopping. The associates are always eager to assist and very friendly.
