4	Alors - L'atmosphere, la service, et la nourritureAtmosphere: Frite Alors is a franchise.  Curiously however, it does not suffer from the blandness that other chain restaurants often exhibit.  Frite Alors restaurants are all unique and do not conform to some standardized image / layout.  The Firte Alors on St. Denis is especially endearing.  Although St. Denis is more or less known to be heavily trafficked by tourists - especially the portion between De Maisonneuve and St. Catherine's Streets - the Quartier Latin still retains many of its charms and individualities.  The Firte Alors here has certainly been affected as much.  The place is spacious - and although attempts to stay true to the theme of Tin Tin (long before the 2011 movie), the place can come off as being eclectic and unpredictable - and this is what give it its charm.  The entrance is stocked with flyers and brochures advertising various artistic events and musical performances (professional or otherwise) , and the crowd is equally trendy, young, and diverse.  First time visitors will find that this is a neat place to run into ideas as to what to do next in Montreal.Service: Since Frite Alors is really suppose to be a fast-food burger joint - the staff is entirely comprised of young people. St. Denis, being on the east side of the Main (St. Laurent Street) the staff is mostly French speaking - but they are incredibly accommodating and willing to speak as much English as they can.  Overall - nice bunch.Food: The burgers at Frite Alors are simply fabulous.  They come in a straw tray and are quite generous in their proportions.  These burgers also come with Frite Alors' famous fries and a choice of dipping mustard.  In fact, burgers aside, Frite Alors is often fun to visit simply for the fries!  Prices are reasonable, and this makes the place a definite bargain.Put it on your to do list!
2	so i heard so much about their different kinds of poutine, finally got to try them and i took the Mediterranean one with mergues sausages and fried onions which was good until I found a black curly hair in it. the waitress did not even offer to comp the meal she said she would get me a new one free.. NO SHIT, FOR FREE!! paying 15$ for a poutine is NOT appropriate, i dont care if its made of gold
5	Great service and great food...We had a traditional poutine that was awesome. The staff was nice and attentive...
5	C'est super cool! Pomme Frites, mmmmmmm!!!! D'accord, au revoir!
4	Great casual place, yummy food.  The burger was delicious and there's lots of options which is nice. We got the Buccaneer burger which has smoked meat & it was tasty.  The fries were really nothing special but you get to pick from different sauces which brings it up a notch.  Our waiter was the sweetest guy, very attentive.  They also have beer and wine for beverage options which is convenient.  Our waiter even brought over the bottles of wine to show me before I chose.  Not typical of a burger joint, so kind!
3	Well, what can I sayThe fries are served "Poutine Style" (kind of mushy but tasty), and the Mexican sauce for fries has a nice spiciness to it. Proudly spicy.The burguers are nicely done as well, nothing too exiting but it's honest.
