4	This little spot is big on flavor and yes most of it is fried! The batter used on the fish is awesome. It is spiced with herbs and is unique. If I am craving fish and chips and don't want to afford it at other places around town I know where to go! It is a very easy place to miss, its in a small strip mall on the East side of 7th past Rose Ln. going North. I must say most my time spent here was fixing a hangover with grease, its a great trick if you haven't tried it!
4	I guess Pete's Fish and Chips has a good reputation out here because multiple people recommended it to me. I'm guessing it's just because there are so many locations and it has been around for quite a while because I like Marilyn's much more. It's obviously a family owned place. I have had both the cod and catfish, and they were cooked to perfection each time. If you're in the area and are craving fish and chips I would definitely advise that you give this place a try.
2	Friendly service. Small town feel. Bad food.
4	This place has really good fried fish. I would have to say the batter is what really makes it delish. It's a light, but seasoned batter which really makes a difference. I am not sure how anyone is their right mind could compare their fried fish to the very frozen flavorless crap that pete's sell. A better comparison would be papa joe's. Fried fish done right at marilyns!
4	Today was a typical Monday - I left work feeling like I'd been smacked around a few times. My head hurt and the thought of four more days of torture made me want to cry a little. I went home and considered my dinner options: leftover pot roast, ramen, or some fat free ice cream....um....take out! I want take out. I searched around on yelp for a bit looking for my two requirements - cheap and close. I eventually realized I was cold, hungry and becoming comatose -time for sustenance. I remembered seeing this little place one weekend when my boyfriend and I went to Chen Wok. I drove the few blocks up 7th st and pulled into an almost empty parking lot. Despite the fact that the outside of the place looks a little bleak I soldiered on. The inside was clean and warm. The woman at the counter was very pleasant and acknowledged me even though she was on the phone. She ended her conversation abruptly and recommended the fish. I went for the 2 piece fish and chips. She rings me up and it's less than $7. Perfect. My food was ready in less than 5 minutes. Opening up the bag at home was like traveling back in time to my childhood. We rarely ate out but on occasion my dad would bring home fish and chips - not like the stuff you get at Pete's but the real deal. This smelled like that. And tasted like it too - light batter, not too crunchy, surrounding flaky white fish. The fries were good too - hot and a little greasy. And the tartar sauce...really good. My favorite part of fish and chips actually. The food was hot and filling - I couldn't even finish it all and saved some for the BF when he got off work. If you're in the neighborhood and you want something hot, not fast food, and you don't want to cook - I'd try this place. I will definitely be back to try the burgers or a gyro. If they're as good as the fish then this place could definitely become a staple - especially considering they serve Thrifty Ice Cream too!
3	First Friday of Lent, and I end up trying to get a quick lunch at a Fish N Chips spot near a Catholic School. Poor planning for getting a QUICK meal on my part, but a decent lunch was to be found at Marlyn's.Yes, there is no "I" in team, and also no "i" in Marlyn. It's not that the "i" is silent, it's that there is no "i". It's hanging out with the spoon. That may or may not help you when you're trying to GPS locate some Fish N Chips in N. Central PHX.There was a special posted on the door- 2 piece Tilapia w/ fries and a drink for under $6 so I went for that. One of the great things about most locally owned businesses is their flexibility- they don't have to follow some corporate guideline for uniformity, hence you can truly get things your way if you ask. I heard many regular customers asking for crispier than normal fish filets and the cooks were happy to make that happen. My filets and chips were perfectly fried and with some tartar sauce and ketchup they went down easy. Maybe not the most comfortable dining room around, and it's small, but this is pretty much a take out joint so don't expect to lounge around.
4	I kept peeking at this teeny place since it's just down the street from me, but never going in. I finally tried it out a couple of weeks ago, and I love the whiting and shrimp. I have even tried their burgers, but the fish and shrimp are better. Great price for yummy food without being heavy or greasy. They are also super fast about getting your order out to you, *and it's fresh.
4	Have had a fish and chip hankering, so went to yelp for help.  have plenty of places that i like, but many are more bars than restaurant and my son was with me. Decided we would try something new and head down the 51 for a crack at a Maryln's. The guy taking our order was very friendly and courteous. Went with two orders of the 3 piece fish order. The batter and seasoning on these are not the "classic" version, but my son and I did enjoy our meal.  Overall the fish and chips were good, but not sure it was worth driving 20 minutes for them. Glad we tried it, but the Dubliner or the Yardhouse are closer to me.
4	I am new to the area, my friend took me here. I enjoyed it, the owners were very nice and the food was good. I would go again and i would bring a friend.
4	Cute little place - I think one of the owners helped me.  Made my food so quickly - got the shrimp & chips with a side of potato salad. All was great and hit the spot - was craving some comfort food.
