2	There are lots of children's resale shops in the Valley to choose from, and I've been to most, but the first time I visited Other Mothers will be the last time.  My first impression walking in the doors is that Goodwill has better looking stuff and in better shape.  The stroller selection is decent, but a little overpriced for what you get. The clothing section of the store is a mess of tall racks that you can't even see over and is not very enticing at all. My main gripe is that I brought in several items that were in great condition (a contrast to their selections) and I received an insulting meager amount for said items.  Secondly, they are very slow at evaluating and pricing the items that I was immediately handed a pick up slip and told that I would have to come back at 4PM for my cash (It was 11AM).  For an almost new, great condition baby swing, for example, don't expect to get more than 15 bucks for it.  Moments later after bringing in the rest of my items, I was then told that I would have to wait two hours more to come back and pick up my cash or credit.  The reason?  Because other people were bringing in stuff too.  So, if you believe in first come, first served, understand that Other Mothers doesn't believe in this simple courteous policy.
1	I can't believe there aren't 100 other reviews on here! This place was THE WORST! I will not return here nor will I reccomend it! I walked it with 2 bags full. I went to the back where there were 2 employees finishing up with another lady. I should've taken it as a hint when the lady said " No I'll just take my stuff and sell it on Craigslist. I can get more out of it that way!" I stayed to wait it out. Big mistake! The lady left with her stuff. The 2 employees didn't even acknowledge me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Instead they proceeded to talk crap about the lady that just left! Their exact words "What makes them think we even care? Take it or leave it. I don't care" Hello! I was standing there! They still didn't speak to me as I got up and left! Other mothers! You suck! Hire people who CARE....who WANT to work!!!!!!!! I went to Kid To Kid on Tatum & Thunderbird.....SO MUCH BETTER!
5	Yes, you have to dig here but the stuff is good and beyond kids - womens, mens, maternity, a wide selection of books, toys are more.  The five is because the prices are the best for the selection and more so, if you are looking to resell your stuff, this places takes the most stuff at the best prices I've seen.
1	I hate this store and the ONE on bell !!!!!!  They rip you off , when you trade in .... always messy , always all over the place NEVER AGAIN !!!
1	I agree, I had a similar situation when I went to the one off of Bell and I-17. The place is a mess, the staff was rude and when I brought in stuff for consignment, they told me i could come back the NEXT DAY for my credit. When I did return they had taken one item (out of 3 big bags of hardly used or brand new baby clothes). I have bought several things from this particular store, but if you are looking for shoes, they are filthy and smell horrible, the toys have missing parts and are grungy, yet they still take them.I did go ONCE to the store off of greenway and also witnessed the women in the back (consignment area) trash talking a customer that they had an earlier conversation with. I love consignment shops for kids clothes, as a mom you learn how to make a buck stretch. but I suggest going to once upon a child off litchfield, or going to hissyfits. I would not suggest Other Mothers.
2	Visited the store on 32nd Street in Phoenix today...The only good thing I have to say is that the prices are super cheap. If you can handle a really dirty store, with a really dirty floor, you can find some great deals.Personally, I'd rather pay a little more and get a clean shopping experience. Also, we had to look through a lot of WalMart clothing as well to find any upscale bargains.
3	I actually really like this place.  Compared to other stores, you can find some designer stuff here... If you go to buffalo exchange it's basically paying department store prices, but yeah the store could be a little better organized, I agree with everyone else.
