3	I need to go back and I'm liable to up my review to 4 stars. I mean really: chilaquiles so close to home?!? They were delicious the first time but it's been a couple months - I need to get back there. Here's the deal: this restaurant used to be on Central Ave. just north of Hatcher (http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/0911mexdiningcheap.html) and they've moved to the Let It Roll bowling alley. As a consequence (I'm guessing) they were asked to have bowler-friendly foods like pizza, hot dogs and hamburgers. So, you'll find those on the menu.You'll also find the traditional Oaxacan food (and a mini version of the mini-mart) from the previous location.
1	Was there on 4/1 for a birthday party.  Bowling alley was great.  Restaurant not so much..  ordered carne asada fries, quesadilla with green chile, taquitos and 2 pizzas.  The fries were edible but had little carne asada on them. Quesadilla was edible.  Forgot my taquitos and when I finally got them they tasted like overcooked frozen food.  We were not given any salsa, napkins, plates, we had to hunt them down.  The pizzas were bad versions of red baron frozen pizza's.  The tastes was pretty bad even for frozen pizzas.  Overall we were the only customers at the time yet took close to 45 minutes to get the food.  I would give it zero stars but that wasn't possible.
4	This food is magnificent. Totally authentic Oaxacan moles of all colors. The mole negro is particularly spectacular. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the very primitive setting in the bowling alley. This food would cost twice the price if it were at a stand-alone restaurant in LA.
4	One drawback of being located in a bowling alley and being constrained to add bowling-alley food to your menu is that you're bound to have a customer that orders bowling-alley fare (which is never anything to rave about) and writes a review bashing the restaurant based on that - which is what one reviewer did. If you are going to try a Oaxacan restaurant, try the Oaxacan food, for cryin' out loud!You won't go to this restaurant for ambiance, although it does have a charm of its own, in a kitschy sort of way. But the food - wow, this definitely ain't one of the 'berto restaurants that litter the Valley landscape! Come here for the amazing tlayuda with cecina and tasajo (beware - it's a big portion, you might have to share) or the savory chilaquiles or memelitas. Perhaps pumpkin-blossom empanadas or verdolagas (purselane greens cooked with pork)? Decisions, mouth-watering decisions. On a cold day, have a cup of piping-hot atole. Or if it's a cold beverage you want. try the chlacayota; it's a refreshing drink made from a sweetened infusion of the chilacayota squash. It's not fast food and you may have to wait a bit as they cook your order but it's definitely worth the wait. And it certainly doesn't hurt that the prices are friendly to those who are on a limited budget.
3	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Norm R.  This small restaurant features somewhat unusual food from the southern Mexican State of Oaxaca.  The bad news today was that they were out of my first two choices from the menu, a House Tlayuda (Mexican pizza, sort of) and Guisados with stuffed chiles!  Also, the tables are a little high relative to the chair seats.I ended up ordering a #3 Combo, which comes with a taco, a tostada and an enchilada.  They give you several choices, and I went with a Carne Asada hard taco, a Chicken Enchilada covered with spicy Mole, and a Tostada with chicken pieces & refried pinto beans.  I also chose refried pinto beans and Spanish Rice for my two sides.  Cups of red salsa and Guacamole were provided to add onto anything as desired.Service was friendly but a little slow; not a problem to us.  Everything was good and the price was reasonable at $7.  If you're careful, you can also assemble a variety of ala carte items into an interesting & tasty lunch without running the total price up.This one was good enough to deserve a return visit one of these days.     :-)
