4	During the fan portion of the convention, many of the booths have their best/regular/top models signing autographs and posing for pictures with the fans. Basic social graces still apply here! The models still appreciate it you ask before photographing, ask before touching. In addition to the different content producers promoting their films and products, there are also many informational booths, such as "Adopt a Clitoris" where donated money goes to reconstructing the genitalia of victims of female genital mutilation. There are toy, doll, jewelry and clothing manufacturers here representing their products as well.The convention is a good opportunity to learn and expand your ideas about the sexual mores and interests of others, if nothing else.
5	Lights, camera, lube, action...  (cue in the background music:  chika-bow-wow!)My street cred:  I'm commonly confused as the "Asian" John Holmes & Peter North according to many of my ex-girlfriends.  Did I mention I'm HUGE in the Philippines?What:  AVN:  Adult Entertainment Expo [http://fan.adultentertainmentexpo.com]Expo floor:  Numerous booths specializing from traditional to freaky needs.  Use your imagination.The convention is all about the fans paying homage to the stars & up in-comers.  All access:  photos, autographs, and 'literally' sizing up right next to your favorite stars.As a past AVN attendee, I know 2010 is going to be a great show.  I can honestly say the industry always presents a great product.Excuse the pun but if you can't get up for the show...  You shouldn't go!Nonetheless, Las Vegas here I come...  You should too?
5	The toxicity of our city.
5	im a nasty b*tch (behind closed doors of course) and AVN was something that I have been looking forward to forever!!! Not because I wanted to get off to things in public but bc I think it's so freeing to be able to celebrate sex with other enthusiasts. not only do you get a bunch of eye candy while you strut along you also get to learn about new things going on in the industry. vendors set up their booths to show off their product just like any other expo. i was able to walk away with so many free goodies!! wicked pictures, elegant angel, and hustler (just to name a few) had huge stage layouts where you could meet and greet with your favorite porn star. for me, i waited in line for Asa Akira :). while i was in line some dude from elegant angel hooked me up with a free shirt. getting to meet asa was cool. in my head i was thinking "i've seen you get f*cked before... cool". haha. i got to take a picture with her and she signed one of her posters for me. Before letting me go, she gave me a free dvd!!!!!!! autographed of course. girl, you are my favorite..... for now. the vibe was very cool. no drama, no b*tchy girls. shout out to the people at the I Love Vagina booth! Keith was awesome!!! he totally hooked me and my girls up with a ton of stuff. beware... im not a porn star BUT a whole bunch of guys asked to take a picture with me. I'm hoping that me and my girls are not on some weird website :T. lol or posted under some "girls i did in vegas" album on facebook. oh well. 15 mins of fame. hahahaa. if you love sex and porn youve got to go to this at least once.
4	I've been attending AVNs Adult Entertainment Expo ever since I turned 21 in 2008.  The annual convention is produced by Adult Video News, the industry leading publication of all adult sectors.  The convention is inside the Sands Expo Center within the Venetian.  The expo is open to the public and typically runs four days, Thursday (trade only), Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.  One day tickets run $80 and VIP has a cost of $100.  The VIP ticket entitles fans to some souvenirs and access to the expo an hour earlier than the general public, which is an advantage for those wanting to bypass the long lines.The convention itself is the largest of its kind, but has been significantly shrunken over the years as pornography battles piracy and tube sites.  Exhibitor turnout this year included Elegant Angel, Hustler, Evil Angel, Jules Jordan, Wicked, Digital Playground, Exquisite, and Bluebird Films.  The major surprise this year was the absence of Vivid Entertainment, which didn't have a booth, but only a business suite for buyers.  Although exhibitor turnout was smaller than previous years, the fans come in hurdles and come to see their favorite stars.A plethora of starlets included the Wicked and Digital Playground contract girls, a few Hustler Honeys, and dozens of gonzo girls including Jenna Haze, Kelly Devine, Jynx Maze, Sophie Dee, Gianna, Allie Haze, Jessica Bangkok, Asa Akira, Kristina Rose, Jayden Jaymes, Alexis Texas, Alexis Ford, and the list goes on.  In addition to the film studios, a main stage provided a performance by Baby Bash, a wet t-shirt contest and other entertainment.  The convention also mixes business with pleasure in business to business section as reserved for buyers and industry shakers.  In addition, a number of seminars and presentations are open to the trade.The AVN Adult Entertainment Expo isn't over once the show hours end, as dozens of parties are hosted by adult stars at clubs all over the Vegas skyline.  A number of parties take place at night including but not limited to the Palms, Venetian, Hard Rock, Sapphire, and many more.  The convention culminated on Saturday night at the AVN Awards, which was hosted at the Palms for the past two years.  The awards ceremony pays tribute to all the fine pornography of the past year and is the ultimate honor to industry players.I'd love to give AVNs Adult Entertainment Expo a five-star rating, but over the course of three years, the convention has seen its decline.  The economy, piracy, and free porn has taken a significant toll on the industry, which has yet to rebound.  A number of other adult expos have begun making noise as becoming the next AEE, but for now everyone needs to experience AVNs Adult Entertainment Expo at least once with your boys or your freaky girlfriend.
4	Tons of FUN!  Grrreat people watching, entertaining visuals at every turn, cutting edge products, and lots of adult stars to ogle and stand in long lines for their autographs, if you are so inclined. The 2012 event will be held at the Hard Rock ... Jan 18-21. Check it out for yourself and make some unforgettable memories! :) Brown chicken / Brown cow ... LOL
5	I will say I was very skeptical before I got to the convention because of the other reviews, but I want people to know The AEE is so worth it!I am a Las Vegas local and have not gone before.  I was worried about parking.  I was worried about there being wall to wall people.Truth is there is a sh#t ton of people there, but the crowd moves.  There was probably no longer than 4 seconds that I stood still waiting to get by someone.And by the way if the crowd was moving slow it is because people were getting autographs and pictures with 'entertainers'!  Yes, there are a TON of 'entertainers'!  A ton!I got autographs and pictures with Lisa Ann, Phoenix Marie, Emily Addison, Nikki Sexx, Alexis Texas, Abella Anderson, Rachel Roxx, Vicki Vette, Puma Swede, and a bunch I really didn't know, but other people did.I thought it was going to be a bunch of booths selling dvds and toys, but there are a TON of 'entertainers' there...we bought tickets from a dude on craigslist and when we were waiting Tommy Gunn was walking in and it was all up hill from there!The Green Door had a booth and I was happy to talk to them because we have been considering going for quite some time.Parking wasn't bad, but we got there by 11...I'm sure it didn't get any better as the day went on.I would encourage anyone to buy the $30 tickets, it gets you A LOT of access.Some of the VIP packages go for 80 and one was 325...the more you pay the more 'parties' you get to go to...but how many can you actually go to in one weekend!I suspect the $40/couple party at Green Door Saturday night may trump any AEE party anyways.Go and have a blast!
4	My second time attending AEE and well, definitely not as great as the first time but still good. This time the event was held at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. I think that's where my minus one star comes from. So I'll start with the bad. It felt SO cramped this time, not like at the Sands Expo. Sure, there'll always be crowds around sex and porn... you expect that but here it was just so crowded. There were two rooms, the first room had a majority of the stars (elegant angel girls: you know Asa is my favorite, Digital Playground, Brazzers etc) along with vendors. The vendors weren't as interesting this year. I wanted to see more toys and exhibits (I probably should have gotten tix to the novelty section) like last year but meh. TITS (two in the shirt) was there! LOVE their clothes. That was a happy surprise along with with the two jesus booths.I had a ton of fun and got a lot of free stuff (lots of condoms and shirts). I think the AEE is great just don't have it at HR next year please :). It was so crowded in the second room that i literally was stuck in one area just waiting for the traffic to start moving. Maybe i just went when the action was good? who knows! Cab line out of there was ridiculous! PLEASE MOVE THE EXPO BACK ON THE STRIP. i took a lot of pictures with strangers as usual. if you guys see me on some website can you let me know? LOL. i don't mind FB so much but if i'm on one of those p0rn sites trying to entice ppl to sign up i def need to try and get a cut! hahaha. had a great time!
3	I know, I know... I'm reviewing AVN. Well even though I *worked* the event this year (2012) I did *experience* the event as well because I was given a full access pass to all three floors of the event. This year that included: The Joint, Muse Hall, and Festival Hall (the "novelties" aka sex toys floor). AVN took place, for the first time, at Hard Rock Hotel. AVN noted they did this because they "wanted to take over an entire casino". Well, they definitely did.I worked information booth and happened to notice a lot of people confused as to what they could and could not see. I often felt bad because people thought they could go somewhere, but were denied access. The line to get tickets was OUTSIDE of Hard Rock, in the front of the hotel, and from what I have heard, extended forever and the wait was up to two hours for some to get tickets.Look, I'd never willingly go to a porn convention, but since I had all access I figured I'd check it out. Come on, it's the PORN CONVENTION. Basically porn stars signing autographs, companies selling sexy items, and girls getting half naked. I'll admit my favorite part of the convention was actually the Sapphire Gentleman's Lounge, who had strippers getting down in the hallway between the floors.Of course, you can collect many goodies to take home with you and some are up for purchase as well. I also gained access to the International Trade Show Floor, which shows you just what's up in the land of erotica in different countries.The Hard Rock for 4 days straight was taken over by porn stars, a lot of dudes, and people just curious, or people serious about sex, porn, and et cetera. I personally thought it was confusing for people though and cramped as could be. AVN should reconsider the location for next year.
1	Expo has seen better days when it was at the Sands Expo Center.  The venue had A LOT to do with what was wrong with the expo.  I went in 07 when it was the Sands, and sadly, I was not on yelp then because it would have gotten 5 stars.So the new layout is somewhat confusing.  Its not in one giant showroom.  I believe they were ballrooms made to fit the vendor booths.  However, it was a bit chaotic and cramped.  There was less organization than in the past, so if you wanted to try to find a specific vendor... good luck finding the room they are in first.  There were 3 or 4 separate ballroom-type booth setups.  One of the rooms had an upstairs section.A couple of the vendors that I had seen at the previous show were not at this show.  It has gotten significantly smaller.  I understand this review seems more like a disappointment compared to the previous year.  However, I would suspect that even a first-time attendee would have some of the same gripes I did:  unorganized, cramped, overpriced for show size.I probably won't go back if the show repeats at Hard Rock.  Nothing wrong with the Hard Rock Hotel...nice place to visit, but not for this expo.  Its too small for it.
4	For my 100th Yelp review, I thought I'd review something over the top. The AEE I think qualifies for this designation. I have attended three times. And believe it or not, each time wasn't my idea. For 2007, my cousins wanted to do a family reunion. What better place? In 2013, another set of cousins that hadn't gone in 2007 got jealous and wanted to go. And most recently, in January 2014, my friend's buddy was celebrating his 38th birthday.First of all, don't hate on me. There's a reason you're reading this review right now. In 2014, AEE was held at the Hard Rock Las Vegas (more on this later). The friends that I went with were crazy excited about it, especially since their wives had given them the elusive Vegas hall pass. Me, I think I was more excited to be hanging out with them since I guess you can consider me an AEE vet. HahaThere was a huge variety of attendees for this expo. You would think it would be all dudes, but i saw a lot of girls there as well. For the most part, the stars that were there were friendly to their "fans". Pictures and autographs were readily available, but I do hate the handful of "stars" that decided to charge a fee just for the honor of their picture. And these were even no name stars. The friendliest that I encountered? Asa Akira, Dillion Harper, Jesse Jane to name a few. The buddies and I spent way more time in there than we had expected. But they walked away with a lifetime grin on their faces. The one thing that needs to change is the venue. Hard Rock, while nice, is not designed to handle such a large event. The first showroom looks like a symphony concert hall layout with the hand railings, which made it super hard for larger peeps and wheelchairs to get around. It should return to the open and airy Sands Expo. You should go. At least once in your life. But I ain't gonna lie. If my friends call me to go with them, I'll try and go again. At this point, its more the company that I enjoy. And its Vegas. It fits.
