3	This place is mediocre but Downtown, it's the perfect little spot to grab a treat and people watch! The set up is your normal fro-yo type of place. Lots of flavors, that you can sample. The toppings bar is generous. The night I went in, there was one girl basically just sitting there reading a magazine, but it's not like you really need a lot of service. They are open until 11 pm which is great if you are Downtown for late dinner or movie! Cute new place, I hope it stays for a while.
4	Many wonderful flavors,  a lot of toppings and a clean place :) idk how much for an ounce,  but I paid under five dollars. Get what you want and go on a stroll down town and call it a night :)
4	A light lunch, some free time on your hands, beautiful weather - time for a FroYo!I don't get here often but I always enjoy it when I do.  They have an amazing selection of frozen yogurts and more toppings than I can name.  The staff is friendly and more than willing to let you sample something before you put it in your cup.One thing that will strike you is how clean this place is. I mean it's ICU clean.  I need to come by more often.
4	I was killing sometime  before I caught my airplane back to LA and stopped by this great yogurt shop. It's in a great location and has nice outdoor seating. I recommend getting the cake batter and red valvet flavors, very delicious
4	Super fun place with great selections and a polite staff. Love all the different toppings options and a terrific treat on a hot evening!
4	I didn't like coming here at first because, on one occasion, my husband saw a bug on the counter.  So it was a little bit of a turn off.  I also thought their yogurt was a little bit pricier than other frozen yogurt shops.  Come to think of it, I don't really know how much the cost is per ounce since they don't display pricing anywhere.  If the cost is displayed somewhere, I've obviously missed it on several occasions.  Its only when the cashier weighs your cup do you realize what you're paying.  The shop occupies a corner of the Alliance Bank building at Cityscape.  Its a small location so you don't have a large selection of flavors of yogurt.  (This is fine by me since I only ever get the tart yogurt.)  They do have a pretty wide selection of toppings though.  They even have store bought cookies that you can put in your yogurt bowl if you wanna mix it up a bit. I loooove their cheesecake bites!  Yogurt Time is the only one of its kind in the area that stays open after the business crowd leaves for the day.  I live in the area so they have come to my rescue on nights when I want a sweet treat!
2	Meh. I wasn't impressed with this place. Their flavors didn't taste like what they were supposed to and I didn't like the texture much either. The flavors were kind of boring and they weren't appealing either. I really liked the location. It's in a perfect spot in downtown. I also liked that they had MOTHER EFFIN JUICE POPPERS!!
5	Love this place...clean, great toppings and the staff is friendly. I like to sit outside and watch the city go by....
