5	This is a small and cozy sushi bar and restaurant far off the beaten path of the Las Vegas strip. The fish is very high quality and is priced accordingly. This is not a cheap all-you-can-eat place. The sushi chef is also the owner. He has a great sense of humor (ask him about the knick knacks over the sushi bar). My only complaint is that they do close early, 10pm.
4	Good honest sushi from Hawaii. Sushi Yamaguchi was one of the only sushi places in Vegas that have been to where they actually seasoned their edamame. One of the more memorable rolls I had was called the Black Fire roll, eel, and cream cheese inside with spicy tuna outside. Garnished with scallions and eel sauce. A great combination of sweet and spicy, crunchy and creamy. The roll itself was enough to almost fill me up. The restaurant sees a good number of regulars during the lunch hours.
4	Sushi Yamaguchi used to be a regular hangout for me when I worked at the Charleston campus of CSN.  This is a small, traditional Japanese sushi restaurant, with an awesome staff.  I've read somewhere that the owner started the sushi craze here in Las Vegas.  His son, Ken, is the main sushi chef now.  He's a great guy, and I always enjoy a conversation with Ken while I also enjoy some sushi.  By the way, Ken and his father are actually Japanese, which apparently is rather rare in Las Vega for sushi restaurants.Now, I am not a super sushi expert or anything, but I have had sushi at a few places in my time.  Yamaguchi has always had a sense of quality that other places just don't seem to have.  The rice is nicely prepared, the fish is wonderful, and the craftsmanship is perfect.  Yamaguchi has your traditional sushi and sashimi, but it also has seasonal, experimental rolls.  I love the homemade sauces that they use.  You can just taste the quality ingredients, as opposed to the cheap, over sugared sauces of some other places. The two downsides are that it is a small place, so you don't want to go with a huge crowd.  Also, it takes a while to get your food.  Trust me though, it is worth the wait.  if you are a sushi fan, I think you need to try Sushi Yamaguchi.
4	I decided to hit up Sushi Yamaguchi since it was close to my school, CSN Charleston, and to fix my Japanese food craving. I walked in the restaurant and sat on one end of the sushi bar as I came there on my own. It took a little while before I was approached but I knew they were quite busy, especially since they had one server taking care of everyone. She was very kind and friendly. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and the lunch combination and found that it was more than enough food for one. But it satisfied my hunger, for sure.One thing that went wrong was that I had to ask about my miso soup after my plate was served. But I guess it turned out alright since that became my desert.Overall, I'd recommend coming in and checking it out. Its a very laid back and friendly environment and the lunch prices are a real deal.
2	After reading some reviews, i decided to check out this place, just a little dissapointed. Theres not enough choices on the menu so i just had couple of nigiri then went to osaka. I think this place is too small of a restaurant to carry different types of fish. They dont even have toro in stock that night.
5	Finally!  Great sushi in Vegas!  Thank you, Master Chef Ken, for indulging us half an hour before you close shop for the evening with your ono-licious dishes of fresh sashimi and artistic displays!  We'll be back!  :-)
4	We had an awesome lunch at the office courtesy of Sushi Yamaguchi...food was great!
5	Excellent!This little sushi place is tucked in a small shopping center on Charleston and Jones, and Yelp led me right to it. My friends and I are up-and-coming sushi connoisseurs, and we were pleased with every aspect of Sushi Yamaguchi.The service was polite, and the atmosphere was traditional and true to the Japanese culture. Albeit small, this place packs a wallop! Our top picks from the menu were the tootsie roll, rainbow roll, and lava roll. Other selections are also very pleasant, but I could be here all day praising their menu. Most importantly, you can taste the freshness of every roll.They also offer complimentary soybeans at the beginning of the meal, which was a pleasant and sufficient appetizer over casual conversation.Overall, very generous selection, very fair pricing, and spectacular service.Did I mention they accept groupons? :)
5	The best sushi Ive had in Vegas my husband and I love it here! There is only one sushi chef, Ken, but he is very personable, like you've known each other for years. Awesome service, so seat at the sushi bar! Traditional Japanese sushi and fresh quality. Ask for the snake sake!
4	Crispy salmon roll is outta sight!  Everything was very fresh and beautifully prepared.  Moderately priced for sushi.  I purchased about 5 rolls for $40.  Rolls were plentiful, we had plenty leftover for lunch the next day.  Staff was extremely friendly, even offered to make custom rolls.  Only drawback...no AYCE.
3	Good sushi place, prices are reasonable.  Nothing outstanding, but it a good place to go and I will be going back again.  The service was outstanding, although I did go at lunch and there were not many people there.
5	My husband I decided to get off the strip and enjoy dinner here after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We were glad that we did!The food was very good.  The complimentary edamame was a plus.  I like my miso soup "strong" (not watered down), so I was quite pleased with their vesion.  Our sushi was fresh and tasty.Even better than the food, if that's possible, was the service.  The owner, Ken, has a great personality.  He talks with his patrons and makes them feel at home.  He also has a great sense of humor.My husband tried the snake sake, per another reviewers tip.  He thought it tasted better than "typical" sake and suggests that you try it too.
2	Not that good. I took the family and it is not a family restaurant.
3	Food is pretty good. Portions are kinda small. It's a cozy spot.
3	Service was nice and friendly, but slow and there was only one other person in the restaurant. The sushi was average, nothing to write home about.
3	Not bad... the Restaurant.com coupon helped make this 2 star restaurant into a 3-star.
5	My lover happened to pass this place one day while he was on his bike. Knowing how much i enjoy sushi and it was his turn to pay, he suggested we come here for dinner one time. I'm glad we did! I usually like to go to the expensive and more well known places such a Goyemon, Kaya, and Oyshi etc so this family owned sushi bar was a nice change. I love that its a small and quaint restaurant. There is only one server and one sushi chef called Ken.  The restaurant probably can seat no more than 30 people. And they have been opened for i think at least a decade. Ken the owner inherited the restaurant from his father. Ken is a very nice guy and really makes you feel like you're talking to an old friend. Something the larger sushi bars just can't do these days. He's funny, has his good jokes and his bad ones but still entertaining, Great guy to chat with while waiting for food.The food was delicious! My first time there, i ordered a sashimi dinner combo and boy was there a lot of food! The combo came with about 9 pieces of sashimi, teriyaki chicken, rice, miso soup which had a nice flavor, not watered down, and salad. The sashimi was fresh and my lover said the tako was as fresh as his momma used to use back in Mexico. My lover, got pork tonkatsu. It was a good sized portion and had the right amount of flavor and juiciness and it wasn't overly deep fried. All in all, the food is awesome and the service is friendly. This place has become "our" spot and we can't wait to come back!
5	We live out of state; but every time we visit Vegas, we eat here at least once or twice during our 4-5 day vacation. Japanese food is generally expensive, but Sushi Yamaguchi is very reasonable. The food is always delicious and the portions are just right. We haven't had anything that we didn't like yet.
5	I've have been there twice and had great experiences both times. It's one of those hometown spots. The food was very good and Ken is super nice.  I intend on being a regular.
4	Great food and friendly staff sit at the bar and the owner makes everything and has a good story about his background
4	Sushi Yamaguchi! First time here and enjoyed dinner very much. Very nice staff and the food was delicious. I got a Philadelphia roll and Katsu Don. The sushi roll was made perfectly and was easy to consume... I sometimes have a hard time with sushi because sometimes they fall apart, these rolls were made nicely and was easy to consume without the mess! The Katsu Don was yummy as well- katsu chicken, rice, peas, and egg in a bowl, YUM! Although, I found our tab to be a little expensive compared to what I usually pay for back home (San Diego)... But overall, this place is great! I will be coming back here.
5	One of my fav local joints. Owner Ken is funny w/ great personality. Fish is fresh, delicious. The vibe is personable & quaint. I'd go back again and again.
5	Amazing service.  Ken, the owner, kept my friends and me laughing the entire time we were here on our last leg of vacation.  The food was fresh and delicious. I would make it a point to come back here next time I am out in Vegas because of my experience.
4	Local restaurant, really small... Owner is the chef... Really funny and nice guy. Very authentic!
5	Sooo I was driving back to work and noticed the 3.50$ Chicken Teriyaki lunch special, I drove back and ordered the special. OH EM GEEE! It was delicious, well cooked and flavorful! I think i'm addicted! It was so cheap and the potion was pretty big. Check them out!
5	Hidden gem on Charleston!! Definitely try their specialty rolls. They have unique rolls not found at other sushi restaurants in the area. I will be coming back!
5	First of all, this is not one of those AYCE sushi places. Personally, there is nothing wrong about those type of places if all you want is quantity. Yamaguchi Sushi is more of a Mom & Pop type of place. I was with my family (Mother & Brother) and decided that a nice Japanese dinner would be a good idea. As soon as we enter the restaurant we were greeted by Ken (the owner) & a friendly Japanese waitress (always a good sign at a Japanese restaurant). We were immediately taken to a nice table near the sushi bar. Next we were informed about certain items that were not available (due to being sold out / the vendor was not able to provide a quality product). I know that some individuals would be upset about this. Personally, I commend an establishment that would rather not have an item(s) than to try and provide a product that may or may not be satisfactory. On with the order: Everyone started with some complimentary edamame which was very tasty. My mother ordered the combination dinner (Salmon & Shrimp Tempura), brother had a couple of specialty sushi rolls that Ken recommended, & I had the combination (Sashimi & Teriyaki Beef). The presentation was very nice and the food was freshly prepared. When I received the check, I was pleasantly surprised that the meal cost far less than an AYCE place (dinner prices). I will defintely return to this place in the future.
5	Best traditional sushi in Vegas!!!! Quite and intimate atmosphere, owner selects and makes the sushi.
3	The fish was good. But not better than other places in Vegas that have much better service and atmosphere. I'm giving this a 3 because that's what it is--pretty mediocre. It was good, but not a notable sushi place.
1	Nice staff but the good was not good. I could get the same thing at grocery store.
