3	Quite a good store and big too.It is not too pricey.It has affordable priced clothing and other goods.Staff are friendly and kind.Nice store too pop into when your in princess street.
4	Good old BHS, it's been a staple on the high street for goodness knows how long. My mum used to drag me to this particular branch every January when I was younger to see what she could find in the sales. It wasn't exactly exciting for me and I never really appreciated BHS up until I lived in my own flat and I had no idea where to buy bedding. My mum suggested BHS and boy was she right, they have stunning bedding here at very affordable prices.While the clothes aren't really aimed at my age group, the home ware is definitely something I enjoy looking at, especially when it's on offer. This branch also hosts concessions of Dorothy Perkins, Burton, Wallis and Evans there's also a cafe at the back of the store with a nice view onto Rose Street for some people watching.
3	When I was growing up, I always knew Christmas was coming because BHS would have there huge Christmas section. I would spend ages wandering around picking out presents for myself, most of which I never got. BHS still get this Christmas section, but they still sell the same crap they sold 10 years ago.I find BHS so boring and stuck in 1990. I guess that is why Sir Phil has started selling some of the premises off to Primark knowing he can't compete with the cheap prices. However this BHS has improved recently by the addition of other Arcadia outlets such as Dorothy Perkins, Burtons and Wallis. I don't shop in these outlets buy my mam does and this makes her happy, so I think it is a good thing.There is often 20% off and such like so if you are eyeing something up (doubtful, but you might be) wait until one of these weekends roll by.
4	Edinburgh doesn't have a Primark, and the Matalan's are miles outside the centre, so BHS is the one-stop-shop for students looking for nice staple items for fancy dress or for anything your heart desires!SAying that, they have a good selection of jumpers, underwear and general clothes....mainly staple items but still, everyone needs a pink t-shirt, right?The price is cheap, but not really cheap. It's worth a look though
2	Yeay for the 'go into one store get 4 options' in the shape of BHS, Dorothy Perkins, Evans and Wallis... perhaps more but I didn't see them. I also didn't buy anything, just used the bathroom. I would have stopped to browse for longer but the searing desert heat... wait a moment, I was still in Edinburgh, right? What the hell was going on with the insane temperatures? Come to think of it, this place has been set to 'roast' on the temperature gauge for years. I can't handle the heat, so I leapt out of the frying pan.
1	I have been really disappointed in BHS. Feeling that it was a big-name high street department store that could be a bit outdated and geared towards an older crowd, I only decided to try BHS when I was lured by a great Groupon deal. The deal was actually for online purchases with BHS. After the Groupon code didn't work after several tries on the last night of the deal, I was forced to have to go through the customer service team to resolve the issue. They said I should purchase the items I wanted but could not get any sale prices, which seemed very cheap and cheaky, too, since the sales would have been applied if their code had worked in their system as it was supposed to. I visited the store on Princes St several times to check out and try on clothes but they all just seemed to odd, dowdy, or frumpy. I ended up deciding on getting some basic tights and some leather gloves as a last resort since I didn't see anything else that interested me. After ordering them online and being told they were in stock, the gloves weren't in stock a week later when hey decided to fill my order. I visited the store to pick up the tights and noticed that, low and behold, there were hundreds of leather gloves even though they were supposedly out of stock. I reordered with a different size and then it worked. When I picked them up, the ones I was given weren't looking in top shape so I found better ones and had them switched out. I am still waiting to be refunded the money for these things I was told I'd be refunded for and had spent way too much time on trying to fulfill the orders and get my money back. Staff haven't been very friendly either in store or online and the phone number listed on the bottom of their emails doesn't work, nor did the number I found online. I don't think they provide a very good service or very good products and I won't be shopping here again.
