3	Was looking for a rental car for a quick trip to Tucson and found a great deal on Expedia for this place.  I was able to secure a full size rental for under $20 per day!  I've had bad experiences with Fox Rental before, so I was expecting the worst.This time around, it wasn't too bad.When you arrive at the car rental facility, don't get confused and go down the escalator to the cars...you have to check-in at the counter on the main floor first.  If you don't, they'll just send you back up and you'll waste a lot of time.  I know this because there were several people in line at the counter who told me what happened to them and they were not very happy.Fox shares a counter with a couple of other rental car agencies, so look for that.  Their line is the middle line.The worst part of this experience was the wait in this line....it was taking 10-15 minute per customer to get through.  That's agonizingly slow.  I understand....you get what you pay for....that's what I kept telling myself.  Cheap car, cheap service.After a 45 min wait, I finally got through the line and then headed downstairs to pickup the car.  When you get down there, you have to wait in line again and another person has to check you in to get your car.  It's a ridiculous process in my opinion and highly inefficient.  It's shocking that companies operate so inefficiently nowadays.The car wasn't too bad, it was a Chrysler 200 convertible and had about 40,000 miles on it....that's a bit long in the tooth for a car rental, but for under $20 a day, it was fine.Returning the car went well and there were no issues there.  I'm rating them 3 Stars overall because the pricing is outstanding and despite the slow service, I understand that the price is cheap for a reason and I can't expect outstanding service when I'm paying pennies on the dollar for the car rental compared to the rental agencies with great service.Return Factor - 50%
1	Do NOT go with Fox's prepaid fuel option. As opposed to one of their major competitors that I usually use, Fox charges you for more than a full tank of gas no matter how much fuel you actually use. Mind you this is not explained anywhere in advance, either when you rent the car online, on the paperwork when you pick the car up, by the clerk who offers you the option, or when you return the car (at which time it's too late, as it is a nonrefundable charge).  We had only used a quarter tank by the time we returned the car, and I expected they would charge me the prepaid rate to replace the quarter tank I used. Instead of charging me $12, however, they charged me $54, more than it would have cost to fill the entire tank at $3.10 per gallon (the prepaid price). The end result was I ended up paying double what it would have cost me to rent the car and top off the tank myself. That's the last money Fox will ever get from me.
4	Compared to other rental services I have used, Fox was great!  The car was very clean, smelled clean, and very well maintained.  The check in and out process was streamlined.  In fact, returning the car only took about 3 minutes!  Some car places will review every nook and cranny and then try to charge you for anything that was exactly documented prior to departure.  I'm used to it taking a good 30-45 minutes for pickup because of having to document everything.  Not here!  On top of that, the rates were amazing and they upgraded us one level from what we had purchased.  Thanks, Fox!
4	After reading the reviews here on Yelp, i was very worried about what i would encounter.  But, on a limited budget for this trip i chanced it.  Sure am glad I did.  The service was good, no waiting for help at the counter to check in, or to get the keys to the car.  The only bad thing was that the car had a lot of dents and dings on the outside.  I marked all the scratches, dents and dings on my form and we were off.  Returning the car was quick and easy, again with good service from the employees.  The price was right! The service was right!.  I would use them again.
2	Cheap car rentals. This was my first time renting to I wasn't sure how it was gonna go down. I'm currently 24 so I was going to need additional insurance. I was hoping my bf was gonna be able to drive because he's a way better driver. But because I was unaware of that other insurance it was a lot more than what I initially reserved.The guy was nice enough to waive the fee of the additional driver. The car we got was a small ford fiesta. Definitely a gas saver.  It was great for the basic car, but it did keep making this weird sound when you stepped on the gas, I was worried.  I rate so low because I didn't find the staff to be as helpful.  The deposit is fairly large, and it took awhile for the pending transaction to be removed from my credit card account.It is what it is. At the phoenix airport, fox is definitely one of the smaller rental places compared to the other ones all around it.  Their cars were located at the bottom of the lot, it can be confusing but I read previous reviews to help me out. I'd rent again just for the price, but I'll wait til I'm 25 lol
3	Didn't have correct vehicle that was reserved
3	Decent.A lot of upselling, but I did great with my compact Toyota.The pick up and hand off of the car downstairs could be a bit more streamlined ;)
1	They are the cheapest. It is not worth it. I stood in line for over 40 minutes when all of the other rental companies had no line at all. They only had 2 people at the counter and were having extremely long interactions with each customer trying to up sell. The line was long when I arrived and long when I left and many other customers were unhappy. Don't do it.
1	I had the worst car rental experience here ever. Yes, it's cheap, but you get what you pay for. The car was fine. The customer service and rental experience as a whole was awful. I had to stand in line twice before I got my car. I waited in the first line for over 30 minutes (only five people in front of me). By the time I got to the front of the second line, they said it would be another 15 minutes before I could get my car. If I was on vacation, that would be one thing, but I had a meeting to make and ended up being late.  They really didn't care about my time crunch.  When I returned the car, there was no one there to take it back. I had to go find some one.  He proceeded to look at every detail of the car to make sure nothing was wrong then told me to go get in line to get my receipt???  If you are a patient person, go for it!  If you are not, like me, I would save the stress and pay more elsewhere.  The first person I dealt with was nice but the others were very rude.
4	More like 3.5 stars...Super cheap, that's true. Waited in first line for 45 minutes, with 2 people at the counter and about 7 people in front of me. Had a great convo with the guy behind me though, so it was fine. I expected the wait time from previous reviews and built it into my schedule (this was at 10pm on a Wednesday night BTW). The guy at the counter was super sweet, I think he was from Fiji. I don't know if I'm just really charming and pretty or he just felt like being nice, but he upgraded me to an SUV for no charge. The process was easy, no upselling, no aggrevation on that part of it. Got downstairs, waiting another 20 mins for my car. My car was a captiva that basically was just onced over with a wet rag, but it was smoke free and clean inside. Gas tank wasn't full, but they noted that and it turned out to be no big deal. I went around the car twice and made notes of every little dig, and made sure I got a copy of that report. Besides the wait time, the car itself was fine and the cost was unbeatable. They held an additional $150 on my card since my rental was 4 days, but it was refunded within 72 hours of turning in my rental, less time than they said it would take which was great.If you can deal with the wait times, the rental cost is totally worth it.
1	I rented from Fox for 9 days starting July 15 with a pick-up/drop-off at Sky Harbor.  The agent at pick-up was more interested in up-selling me than in processing quickly.  The vehicle was on the tail end of its rental service, which is to say the car was worn out:  Numerous damage notations were needed to ensure I was not tagged with causing the obvious damage.  And the car smelled bad.I could tolerate the vehicle shortcomings for a favorable rental rent rate, but what I cannot tolerate is them confiscating money for a "deposit" that obviously was not so much a deposit as it was an interest-free loan to them.  Calling it a "deposit" does not make it a deposit; calling it a deposit when it is not a deposit makes it a form of theft!At checked-in I was told they would take a $150 deposit.  When I dropped off (please note that the vehicle was returned in the same condition as it was when I picked it up AND the gas tank was full) I was charged the full cost of the rental (proper and expected) PLUS the $150 deposit (unexpected AND improper).  If they got it back from me the way they gave it to me why the devil would they need a $150 deposit?!?!To me, taking a deposit when I picked it up is reasonable, but such an act should result in a final charge of the agreed total rental cost LESS the deposit.  Fox hit me for both and cavalierly told me the deposit would be returned "in a few days." Now I must hassle to get my $150 back, a use of my time that never should have been necessary.My humble opinion of Fox is very low:  worn-out car + bad service + confiscated $150 "deposit" = bad place to use.
5	I was worry about bad review but , general manager : Walter  ( very nice looking guy) he was so big hearted and helped me what I needed! And Alberto was try hard for me. He was kind too! I appreciated both! And didn't wait much great price and nice car ill rent Fox again!!!! Walter look like Denzel Washington ! He was such a sweet heart!!!! Thank you!!!
4	The process with Fox didn't start off too we'll, and you're probably wondering why I gave them for stars.  Let me explain. We got into Phoenix after a long flight and just wanted to pick up our rental and make the 2 hour drive to Tucson. We got to Fox and waited in line (we were second in line) for 45 minutes. There were only two agents working the counter and one of them seemed like they were either very new, or just plain dumb. When we finally got to the front of the line we were helped by Michael. I can tell you that Michael was definitely Fox's saving grace. Michael understands the importance of good customer service and had a very positive attitude, even though he had to deal with a few bad customers before us. For our lengthy wait in line Michael upgraded us to a dodge challenger at no extra cost to us and even stayed after his shift to help us out. We will definitely use Fox next week when we head back to Phoenix, and we would definitely recommend Fox to anyone else. Long lines, yes, but everything else from their reservation to the return is easy. Their staff is also friendly and helpful.
4	Four Stars?  Why?  Because it was $200 cheaper than everyone else and there was no line at check-in.The check-in experience was an issue.Attendant :  "Gas is cheaper in Arizona than Nevada, just so you know."Me:  "Thanks"The above conversation was me agreeing to their gas fill-up service.Attendant:  "Are you going to Sedona?"Me: "Yes"Attendant "You will need a bigger engine for those mountains, let me see if i can upgrade you."me:  "Wow, Thank you, sir."The above conversation was me agreeing to $297 additional for a luxury car.When I was handed the keys and looked at the receipt, I about blew my top.  After giving him an earful and breaking his spirit, i got the full-size car i wanted for 7 days for $195.  Beware of check-in.Oh yeah, and make sure you document every scratch on the car on the little picture provided.
3	Cheap cars. Have to wait in line (we don't have to with other car rental companies). Staff isn't overly friendly, but okay. Our car ran great and served its purpose, but it was not thoroughly cleaned when we got it. The cup holders in back were dirty and disgusting.
5	Much cheaper rate than my typical preferred company in this location. Had none of the pressure tactics to take insurance or upgrade-these are big money makers and success in selling them is part of the agents' job review.  If they try to push I am firm but as an older and imposing man they don't try pressure often.  Just read other reviews and be prepared to be firm and say NO if pressured-if they push over some point-you need a more powerful car say you will then SKIP the place that needs a more powerful car so you don't have to pay more. These are pressure sales tactics to get you to upgrade.anyway, they tried none of that with me, the car was in good condition-walk around to inspect for damage with the check out agent and let him mark every little scratch or any tiny  mark as these days some rental agencies try to access fees for minor stuff if you don't take option insurance-never had them try that either in many many rentals. Highest score here as everything was smooth, car was fine return no problem and great price.
4	My experience with Fox rental was great. I was worried because of bad reviews that rental car companies get but I had nothing bad happen at all. Transportation to and from the airport was great. The lady at the counter was friendly, informational, and quick. I got the small economy car and it was great. Because of this first experience I would totally recommend Fox rental.
2	Service was good, but this is all about the pricing...After carefully reading the pricing details online, I decided to book with Fox because it said $250 for 5 days PLUS the additional coverage on the car that I chose. I knew that after taxes, airport fees and whatever the F fees get tacked on, it would be about $350, maybe $375, pushing it $425.Check in was easy...until they said that there is a deposit required because I was using my checking account. Ok, not an issue. I whipped out my Amex. Still a $150 deposit. Hm. They needed my flight information for when I was leaving PHX or else they'd run a 'credit check' on me."Everyone does this now!" claimed the worker. Yea, right. Didn't happen last week, or the month before at Hertz and Enterprise when I was in other cities and states. I think it's theirs. If they had been up front with me on it, ie "We have cheap thugs who are late in returning." I'd have been a lot less irritated. I wouldn't have been irritated at all.Car was a POS whose TMPS kept going off, despite me dropping a metric poop ton of quarters to keep that MFer at the recommended 40psi.Dropping off wasn't so bad - it was easy breezy.Overall I was charged $509 for a CHEVY SPARK whose tank of gas I didn't even use up and $8 in quarters keeping their TPMS in check...so $509 for 5 days + a 'security deposit' of $150. The original thought of $425 is what it would have cost me anywhere with all their various added taxes, but there is no documenting where the $509 came from and I am loathing the call I am about to make to get them to break this down for me. I'll be reporting back.
1	Really disappointed in customer service. I felt like they took advantange of me because of a mistake I made with a reservation I made online through Carrentals.com.  I thought the reservation was in the p.m, but it was in the a.m. thus I missed the reservation which was told to me by customer service clerk. The small compact was to be leased to me for $12.50 per day with the reservation. The clerk stated they since I missed the reservation time he would have to check to see if he had another auto he could. Now for the switch. He said he only had an upgrade nut would have to charge me $90 per day over the $12.50 price because "this is a new deal". My back was up against the wall because of the Thanksgiving holiday week and I had already purchased rental insurance through carrental.com  Really took advantage of a customer mistake.
5	Fox always gives me VIP treatment. The front counter reps are personable and polite and the agents downstairs are always pleasant! Lorima, who works the desk, is the best!!! It's always great to see him. He keeps an upbeat and fun attitude throughout the check out. I never feel pushed to upgrade or buy add ons like I have with other rental places. Fox always has the best rates and the best service!
5	I have rented from Fox four times in the last 2 months. Every time the rental pickup and return process goes very quick and smoothly. I really like Fox and I think they are underrated. They are a but understaffed at times but other then that my experiences with rentals from Fox have been very pleasant!
