2	He's great at his craft, but he has such a dismissive, I don't give a hoot attitude. He's in and out with you so fast......you almost can't remember being seen! Not very  personable either. Yikes!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  He recommended I get two separate jaw surgeries (upper and lower), and only performs these surgeries in an expensive hospital.  During my consultation, he was snarky and made me feel like my teeth and bite were the worst he had ever seen.  Is that really how you should treat a prospective patient who is making the brave decision to explore this very involved and costly procedure?   Atrocious bedside manner, and it appears from the previous reviews that my opinion in this respect is fully corroborated.  Speaking of reviews:  there appears to have been three reviews by a "Steven S." that were removed for violations of Yelp's Content Guidelines:  could this be THE Dr. Steven Saxe whose comments were removed due to the violation of Yelp's guideline that a business can't review its own business?  Well, I shouldn't engage in speculation but given his ego, this wouldn't  surprise me.  Perhaps if he treated people with respect, he would get great reviews from actual patients without resorting to artificially inflating his overall review score, which is embarrassingly low.  Oh well, can't fault a guy for trying, right?  He even re-posted his review by posting under "Steve S.", in an obvious attempt to circumvent Yelp's Content Guidelines, which for some reason hasn't been removed...yet.  Sad.  But I digress.  Additionally, when I tried calling his office later to ask him whether he would provide a "gap exception" to my insurance company in the hopes of my getting my orthognathic surgery covered in network for my out of out-of-network surgeon (a different surgeon), I wasn't even provided the courtesy of a phone call back, whether it was to say yes or no, despite his receptionist's repeats assurances he or she would call me back.  I even offered to compensate him a reasonable rate for his time in contacting my insurance company!  So unprofessional.Flash forward almost 18 months later, I have had upper jaw surgery only in my oral surgeon's fully-accredited office suite, which saved me thousands upon thousands of dollars.  Turns out lower jaw surgery was not recommended by either my orthodontist or oral surgeon, and my results are astounding. So not only did I save a fortune, my results couldn't have been better and I avoided an unnecessary second surgery.So pleased I went with my gut and stayed far away from Steven Saxe.Bottom line:  if you need oral surgery, look elsewhere.  Or better yet, see Dr. Johnson at Nevada Oral Facial Surgery where he and his staff will treat you like family and not just another body/dollar sign.
1	The office staff here is horrible. If I could give the office 0 stars, I would. His office staff accused us of lying on the phone on two separate calls regarding our balance. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone unless you desire to be treated like a criminal. Their top priority is money while it should be prime patient care. I sent a letter to the doctor directly regarding the malicious treatment; he has not replied in over a month.
5	This was our second experience with Dr. Saxe and we could not be happier.  Both of our daughters had their wisdom teeth removed with no complications.  His staff is very friendly and efficient.
4	My husband had an emergency wisdom tooth extraction. I was searching on yelp and online to find the perfect oral surgeon and came across Dr. Saxe because my kids go to his brother's office for cleaning. The receptionist was very nice when I called at 8am to see if she could squeeze us in. She was able to get us in the same day and gave me the choices my husband can choose from getting local anesthesia to getting put out.When I came in the office it well organized and clean. We got called back quickly and the assistant asked a few questions and made my husband and I watch a video about what to expect. Although the patient rooms seemed a little old school, the doctor and staff were friendly.
