4	I can't believe nobody has reviewed this place!  It's been a local music establishment forever!Joe Grotto (hence, the name) is a staple in the music scene here.  He's the nicest guy, too!There is a big floor in front of the stage to get up close to the bands.  Behind that are rows of tables for just watching.  To me, it's a bit random to have the tables, but it seems to work for Joe's!My guy friends like the hot waitresses.
4	I love Joe's!!!! He always has awesome bands playing. The Bartenders are generous with the alcohol. I love it. The only thing is I live so far away so I dont get to frequent them often.
4	The Mullet LIVES!!!!  I love Joe's Grotto.  When I go, I always get in some quality people watching, which happens to be one of my favorite things to do.  There always seems to be one group there that can't quite let go of the eighties and I think that is fantastic!  The owner is very cool, the crowd is friendly, some great local artists have played here, and the bartenders don't skimp on the alcohol. A great time all around.
4	I was introduced to Joe's grotto when my friend wanted to go see itis play...and this place is a diamond in the rough. Joe is super nice, and the atmosphere is very laid back. It reminded me of all those underground concerts I went to when I lived over by sunset. Well it ends up the DJ at my work plays in a band with joe called drunk otis. So now I go see them play and watch them get wasted...I was with bad company the first time. Not bad, but trouble for me. Way too much to drink...and a guy friend who kept pulling up my dress to show my ass to the world. Camera guy had a field day. I only wear jeans now...that was my one an only debut. None the less Joe's grotto YoU RoCk.
5	Although I haven't been here since I've had kids, I pretty much LIVED here in my early-mid twenties. My Husband and I actually met here... and we're still together! Good people, good music, good drinks. Good times!
4	This place is a great place to see live music. I have been into the local music seen for quit some time now and there isnt one local band that hasnt played here. Great drink prices. And while they are settin up the stage between bands there are always $1 shot specials.  I usually go on a friday or sat night but they have open mic nights as well, I think thats on Monday night. This place has dart boards and pool table as well. All the bartenders are very cool and nice. I really like this place for the cheap drinks, great music and the deversity of people. Also on the weekends there is aguy who sells hot dogs and other great snack foods from a cart. I see more of this popping up around town and I love it. Giant soft pretzels( my fave),hot dogs, polish dogs, chips, etc..
4	Joe, at the door, is great, the music is loud, the bathrooms are gross, the bartender is decent enough, the booze is reasonable (were $3 "you call its" a special for everyone for the hour before music started or just for our group? either way, fantastic. nothing off limits)... this place belongs on my Dives list.  As an added bonus, it's biking distance from my house, if I had a bike at my house.  I'll be back, Joe!
5	If you LOVE metal, like I do, you'll love this place. It's great!!!!! Fancy? No. Pretty people? Ha, no. Great live music? YES. Cheap drinks? YES. Fun atmosphere? YES. I love love love this place. When I want to go hang out after a long week and listen to some great bands, I come here. Cover is usually cheap like $8-10 and on a Friday or Saturday night, that gets you 3-5 bands, so that's a steal. I love the set up, you can walk right up to the stage and rock out in front or you can sit and the tables on each side of the bar, directly in front of the stage. I always sit at a front table and have an amazing time. I leave partially deaf, but hey, that's half the fun, right? I've aquired some new bands to my collection that I otherwise never would have heard of. That to me is priceless. Check this place out for sure.
4	I came here for the first recent installment of North Valley Friday Night's and was pretty impressed! I spoke to the owner, Joe, and told him I was going to have a small group of around 6-10 people joining me and he said he would reserve space and he would give us $3 you call it's for 1 hour. Usually bars limit what you can purchase with that special, but not here! Even the most expensive whiskey was included and I know a few people who took advantage.There were a couple of bands that were playing and it was great, but not so great if you want to converse with a group. After a while we all left to go somewhere a little quieter but everyone agreed it was fun!
4	Love Joe's Grotto! Great live music and fun bar scene. Fun little patio area outside. Darts, pool, great drink specials and awesome music. Not too crowded but crowded enough. Joe is there most nights and great fun! Will be back next time in AZ!
4	I just moved here from Dallas at the end of last year and had been asking around trying to find a good place to check out a show, and everyone kept telling me tempe, mesa, or somewhere else in BFE compared to where i live (north phoenix). I used to go to all the smaller venues in dallas where everyone knows your name and the music is good any day of the week.  I hadn't been to a show in six months so it was time for a fix. I finally heard someone mention Joe's Grotto and it was only 5 miles away - so i had to check it out.  And I was pleasantly surprised.  Its about the perfect size; patio was kinda crowded, but it was still good.  I didnt have any liquor, but the beer prices were pretty good.  Music sounded great, the band (money shot) was pretty good too.  Definately the place to check out if you like live music and want more of the bar setting.. and free for girls on friday nights is always a plus in my book!
4	Checked out Joe's for some live music.  I have been here quite a few times, but not recently.What a change!  Much more room around the stage since the games got moved to the new space.  Stage seems bigger, but maybe it's just me.With the loss of Blooze, I am sure I'll be back here more often.Best place in the area for live music and reasonably priced drinks.
2	Not a fan for a music venue, Good music but really who wants to sit at a tiny table to watch a rock band. No drinks on the stage floor area allowed the fun police run around to keep you from standing too close to the isle or too close to the stage area with a drink. Not a huge fan of the area either.
5	Went to Joe's last night.  Not my first time at all, but my first time seeing the expansion and it looks AMAZING!!!!  I love it!  The place looks amazing, the employees are always so nice and are so helpful and friendly, and the bands (especially Money Shot) are awesome.  I HIGHLY recommend going to Joes.  It is a great place to make your usual hang out!
5	My first time at Joe's was for the Festival of Flesh and it did not disappoint! Tucked back in an unassuming strip mall, Joe's Grotto is really a great find. Inside is dark, intimate and cave-like... making 'Grotto' an appropriate name choice. The stage area had plenty of room around it for standing or sitting at tables.  The bar was large enough so you didn't have to wedge yourself between leather cladded bodies just to grab a whiskey sour.  The bartenders were great and remembered what I had been ordering so all I had to do was hold up one or two fingers depending on how many I wanted. Even gave me extra cherries :) huge bonus points. There is also a large outdoor area with a whole other bar attached.  The event I went to see was absolutely out of this world fantastic but that is a whole other story.  Joe's Grotto as a venue or a bar was great and I will definitely be checking out their calendar of events! You should too!
4	I don't know how to explain it exactly, but I had an awesome first experience here. One of the bartenders, Jimmy, was really cool. Made me and my guest feel very welcome. And all the patrons, even the ones that looked like douche bags, were really cool. I swear I wasn't THAT drunk. Promise! Lol. Just loved the feel and vibe of the place. Now if only I lived a little closer...
4	I'm glad I finally made it to Joe's Grotto. I've been wanting to come here for a long time. Good place to catch a live band, probably my next favorite place after The Rhythmn Room. The servers are friendly-the girl who took care of me at the small bar near the door to the patio was a sweetheart.  They have a big screen TV outside so you can still watch the band play while have a smoke outside and/or an outdoor drink on the patio. Drink prices are reasonable. The stage area is set up nicely with tables and chairs nicely set up up to watch bands play. I will be coming here again soon for some more live tunes.
5	The best live music venue in the area.  I LOVE live music while having some beers, and I really love live metal.  The stage is large enough for most 4 to 6 piece bands, and there is plenty of room for a crowd up front.  They don't allow moshing, but you can bounce all night long.  The sound is excellent for the size of the venue and you can see the band from pretty much anywhere inside.  There's also a patio to get away from the noise if needed, and you might even find a taco stand to satisfy your midnight munchies.  Excellent drink selection, and awesome crowds.  I'll be back here to get my live metal fix over and over.
2	I've been to the Grotto a few times since they have good bands and a couple of them are friends of mine. But last was strange. The band was great (I'm probably biased on that since the singer is a friend of mine) but what was the deal with the $4 dollar bottles and drafts? Also, the bartenders working last night kinda sucked - not friendly at all and slow with the service. I'll be back again for more music but if I have the same experience with getting drinks, I'm done.
4	Joe's Grotto is my home away from home. I first came to this place when my boyfriend's band, Frequis, played here about a year ago, and I've been in love ever since. Mr. Grotto himself is a gentleman and a scholar. He is so damn friendly, always greeting us whenever we stop in. The place is a great venue for watching local acts. The sound system here is pretty good, and even though the club is small, it still feels roomy and home-like. Joe's also houses two pool tables, a few dart boards, and (my personal favorite) two pinball machines. The club is also equipped with an outdoor patio, which is surprisingly spacious for such a tiny area.Granted, I may be a bit biased, but for good reason, I promise. You can't do any wrong at Joe's. The drinks keep on flowing, the specials are cheap, and the music never ends. You'd be an idiot not to check this place out.p.s. Don't forget to try the Trix Shot. You're welcome.
5	Visiting home after a long time away. Great to see this place in the neighborhood. Great bartender and owner. I'll be back next time I visit.
4	Great small venue. Cheap beer, live music, pretty girl's and a nice patio.  Get there early for big shows so you can be on the side of the bar where the stage is. The acoustics are much better. If you are there for the music...
3	Went there Friday for Project Independence Battle of the Bands. Cool set up. I loved the patio. Security was a bit overwhelming and short tempered. The best part was the drinks... far from watered down.
5	This is a great bar. Bar service was friendly and helpful, even though I am that annoying customer that has no idea what I want. The bartender tried to figure something out for me and was more than willing to customize. Through out the night the waitresses checked up on us (my friend and I) and made sure we didn't need anything. There was a few times with the female vocalists that I couldn't hear them over the music but, the issue was promptly fixed. (This was from the Otep show in November) I have been to Joe's before, but it has been years. They've expanded and now have a patio.The feeling of the show is small and intimate, which is the experience I prefer versus bigger venues that have everything super blocked off. Great place to hit up excellent rock shows. I highly recommend here. Its not the prettiest bar, its not going to be like a nightclub...ever...thank god. It is definitely a good bar, with a good selection and mosh pit allowance. They also have consideration for underagers (not me but still to include everything) and section off a space for them.  OH! and I almost forgot, they had a big serve yourself water container on the bar, which I thought was brilliant. It kept the bartenders free from pouring water all night and people didn't have to wait for an essential drink of water.
5	LOVE This place! Live music is the best music! Rock out here with local to National bands! LOVE!!!!!!!
4	I like Joes Grotto. As a patron it's a great little place just too far to drive from Tempe on a regular basis.As a musician who has played here, fantastic. Sound I great lights are great the stage is amazing. The only problem I have with Joes is it is almost impossible to get a show here unless your blowing someone or are in a band KUPD promotes. Or if you want to play the "thirsty Thursdays" put on by Squiz that nobody seems to attend. I would give five stars but they are too far for people in the east valley and booking sucks, otherwise I really dig this place and Joe is a good dude
5	I am a regular at Joe's Grotto and it never disappoints. The employees are truly skilled at what they do.  Unlike some clubs or bars in town where you are a little apprehensive about using your credit card at Joe's you can rest easy when you do. The security is top notch and unlike other clubs or bars in town Joe's security can quickly asses a situation and prevent it from blowing up and killing your good time. They are open Monday-Saturday and on Sunday they have benefit shows for Cancer all the way to Arizona Human Society. JOE'S ROCKS!!!
