1	I really liked JolleysPet Salon up until our last visit. I especially appreciated the fact that my dogs were not caged (unless necessary). On this last visit however, I asked for a sanitary cut - which did not happen; I pointed that out and waited for it to be done on the spot. The owners excuse was that the day was hectic (sorry but that is not my problem), don't overbook your clients. Then I get my dogs home and find a clot of dried blood on one of my dogs ears (enough to soak through an entire paper towel). I immediately called the owner Penny, she asked me to bring my dog back in so she could take a look - and I told her I would take care of the problem on my end since my dog was already so stressed out. The owner explained that she trusts her groomers and this has never happened before. When you're in the business of dog grooming, I understand there can be mishaps - but you need to own up to it, regardless of whether you trust your employees (even though someone was clearly not being honest here) and regardless of whether it has happened before. The groomer not being up front with me or the owner was very upsetting, the way the situation was handled, and the unwillingness to call me back as promised and make up for the mistake was how they lost this long time customer.
5	I took my cat here once and I need to take her back again. My cat is long hair and goes outback a lot and since it is hot I decided to get her shaved. Also the fact the she kept coming into the house with dried crap stuck to her back legs got me movin too. I went here because it is next to TKO and my son took classes there. I liked walking by their window and seeing the cats that they own lounging in the front which is so furnished just for them. I found out the cats were pets people brought in to get groomed and they never came to pick them up!!! How terrible. So the owner was sweet enough to keep all of them and they live at the shop. They seem like they are at home and not scared or anything.Anyway, I have never had a cat groomed so I didn't know what to do. They helped me by giving my choices and we decided on a "lion" cut. OH how freakin cute she was!! We laughed for a few days but it grew on us and now I can't picture her without the lion cut.They told me how she did with the service and that was so comforting to know they remembered how my pet acted and were able to be specific with the details. That really made me feel that they really care.They did a really good job and I will be take Isabelle back very soon.
