5	Me Likey Wingy!I have not been to this new location yet. The old location was a pit. a hole, the ghetto of restaurants, this location was filthy funk nasty! But dammit the wings were outstanding! There were plenty o night I would travel down 7th ave to McDowell to retrieve a dozen of these delectable delights! The fries are good too! Now that they have moved I need to check out the new location. In it's place there has been erected yet another chain restaurant. Pei Wei and Starbucks together. WTF??? Can I get a Rice bowl and a Latte? : P
5	By far THE BEST wing spot around! Don't let the building sway you from the great food inside. It's definitely one of those 'dive bar' sorta places, but the price is great for what you get.They have a 2 dozen wings + basket of fries for $15 and $1.50 draft pints. C'mon on now- that's a friggin deal.The wings are pretty big and the sauces are amazing. Now I love hot, and I'll tell you the 'HOT' tingled my lips and burned my mouth but I couldn't stop lol. The Medium is a bit spicy but really good and their house bbq wings are tasty as well. They have Medium and Mild for you wimps, haha jk. And Suicide and Atomic for you brave ones. There's actually a side note to the 'ATOMIC' wings; "must show proof of insurance before serving". Classic!Nothing on the menu exceeds $6, ranging from Salads, mozzarella sticks to burgers and philly cheese steak sandwiches. The place is ran by a cute couple and their sons, nice family owned restaurant . Now if any of you are brave to try the ATOMIC- I've gotta know !
3	The definition of a dive.  The atmosphere is not all that inviting, but you get what you pay for.  I had the Texas dog and fries.  I probably should have had the wings because people seem to rave about them.  The dog was pretty good but but I would've used more chili to dip my fries in!  The jukebox is eclectic (gangsta rap to norteno music) and you're likely to hear them play back to back.I may have to go back for the wings!
4	What I like about this place is that it's very obviously family owned.  Each time my co-workers and I come here (which is a lot of times) I notice that it is the father or the son that rings us up.  I think there might be two sons, but I'm not positive.  Usually, the same person that takes our order cooks our food in a tiny, exposed kitchen, and there's just something kinda cool about that.  The older Asian woman, who I assume is the cook's wife, is often sitting at the bar with her laptop and gets up periodically to help her husband (or who I assume is her husband) in the kitchen, and bus a few tables.  It's nice to go into a restaurant, even a little dive down the street from my office, and experience a nice, well lit family place.  I also appreciate that they have the news on most of the TV's, not some ESPN bullshit, and that it's CNN and not Fox.The other thing I love about this place is that I can get a 16 oz beer for 2.50 which is a totally perfect lunch time beer.  It's not a pitcher, it's not a tiny glass, it's a perfect cheap beer to drink on my lunch hour even when no one else wants to drink (which is most of the time cause they're like "ohhh you're an alcoholic, we don't drink on our lunch hour blah blah").  I always passed this place and always wanted to go in, not only because I heart wings, but because there's a big picture of a buffalo on the outside and that's just awesome.As far as wings go, I can dig the ones here.  I order the Atomic cause I'm literally insane about hot food, I love the delicious pain of the heat and I'm always trying to find the hottest stuff around.  The Atomic don't disappoint, yet I would say that the Long Wong's suicide are way hotter, but that's not a complaint really, since most people are sane and don't enjoy scorching their mouth in hopes to FEEL SOMETHING.  This is why I'm on Prozac. I usually don't order the wings here, not because they're not good, but because sometimes I feel weird eating saucy meat off a bone in front of my co-workers.  Like, I have to be fucking you to really show you that side of my disgusting self.  So I've tried a few different things.  I've gotten the mozzarella sticks a few times and they're pretty awesome as far as fried cheese goes.  The fries are also always awesome, made fresh and hot and perfect and not all fancied up or done down, just fried potatoes made to order like it should be. The worst thing I got here were the chicken nuggets.  They were obviously frozen, kinda spongey, kinda gross.  Yet, the next time we came here the nuggets were OFF THE MENU, and in their place were NEW CHICKEN STRIPS.  Which, naturally, I ordered and were totally better, crispy, juicy, a little spicy.  See, family places like this, they consult, they think, they know when shit sucks, and they fix it.They have a lunch special which my co-worker orders EVERY time; six wings and fries and a drink for about seven bucks. Buffalo Brown's can be a little off putting at first.  It's pretty much always empty and the few employees (the family) don't exactly seem totally stoked about your presence, but they always deliver on quality and service.  Also, there's a jukebox and a pool table in the back and while on most days neither of these items are in use, in fact they seem dusty, recently we were winging and beering here when a couple of people started blaring some hip hop music in the tiny, Asian family owned wing joint and it seemed bizarre, but oddly cinematic. I think I even saw the straight laced Asian cook bobbing his head a little.
4	Very good wings - right up there with Long Wongs, maybe even a little better. The wings are crispy and very saucy - I went with the medium, which had a nice flavor without being overpowering at all. I'll probably give the hotter sauces a try, to see what their definition of "atomic" really means.There's plenty of other lunch stuff on the menu, so if everything's as good as the wings, this is definitely a place I can see myself going to every week or two.
2	Wings were over sauced, buried to be exact.  For hot sauce it had a good flavor.  I asked for a dry rub and was told they did not have one nor would they do anything but put sauce on.  Pricing is cheap.  Service was good.  If you like lots of sauce on your wings this might be your place.  Not much for atmosphere, but it was a Thursday night.  It s a large room with a one large tv and one very small tv.  Liked being able to sit at the beer bar.
2	My friend brought up wings the other day, and I have thought of nothing else since. I caved today and decided to try this place out, since it's down the road from my office and they had good reviews. I placed an order to go - a dozen BBQ wings and zucchini (they were out of mushrooms - first bummer of the experience). They told me to head down in 10 minutes, which I was impressed by...I figured the wait would be much longer. I drove over, paid, and was out the door very quickly with my much-desired wing fix. I got to the office and had a couple - they were good, a LOT of sauce but they were a little crunchy, which I like. Tried the zucchini and was disappointed to find them covered in bread crumbs rather than batter (maybe this was my fault, I read the menu pretty quickly and wasn't paying much attention). I ate another wing and it didn't taste that great. Was pretty much full after that and went back to working...I don't know WHAT the deal was, but I got reallyyy sick about an hour later. Safe to say I won't be coming back any time soon.
3	Good wings. I liked how they were served on those plastic Chinese dishes. Burger wasn't that great but overall it was a nice place. Really friendly servers.
1	Do not go here!!! The wings here gave both my boyfriend and I food poisoning! The decrepit conditions should have been a red flag along with the staff that so very obviously hate their jobs and have no pride in their restaurant. If you are opposed to vomiting all day do not step foot in this ghetto, disgusting establishment!!!
2	It was a dive atmosphere (which I like). I played a round of pool... Wings had too much sauce on them and the tenders are the frozen processed kind. I asked to substitute for the popcorn shrimp and they told me they were out. Long Wongs is way better. I wanted to try this place for the first time. It'll be my last
2	The kid that is here disgusted me with his "I hate my job" face. Anyways, The burgers here are pretty good. Fries are also good. Got to put a little salt on them but that's ok. The Ranch was just water. Had no taste whatsoever same with the carrots they were old and chewy. The buffalo wings were O.K. doesn't fill you up just sort of like a snack. It's inexpensive but the amount of food is not worth it. Won't be coming back.
5	DELICIOUS.. I am from out of town and me and my buddies sometimes stay at a nearby Hotel for soft ball tournaments and such. This place does not disappoint " Old School Wing Joint " period. If you want the same old same old go to Wingstop. Want to try something that will feed that wing craving? Buffalo Browns will do you right!
