4	Staying near the Strip, I drove a ways off to get away from the "tourist" prices.  This place isn't the best looking, as it is old and they are not exactly crowded during the day.  You can expect to watch the latest soap operas or game shows during your manicure.Atmoshphere aside, it is clean and they are friendly.  They seemed genuinely happy to have my business and chatted pleasantly.  I got a fill with pink French tips.  It looks great.  They did a great job and it was only$35....I will come back next time I head to Vegas.
4	my family and I were in Vegas celebrating my daughters 21St birthday.r found this shop by accident we actually were suppose to go too another shop.anyway we were greeted Sooo pleasantly. Everyone is sincerely pleasant.Nina is awesome my legs  were hurting from all the walking and I specifically wanted a massage on my feet and legs after my pedicure.wow after that had another great massage on the hands and arms for my manicure.  my hands were rejuvenated after she did my manicure. I highly recommend this place in fact my daughter and I plan on going there every year on our annual Vegas trip.
3	Came here to get a pedicure on my lunch break with a friend.  Seemingly clean environment.  They got started on my pedicure within the first five minutes of walking in, while my friend waited awhile longer as her feet just soaked.  Friendly staff.   I would probably come here again if I go on another lunch break pedicure run.
1	WORST PLACE EVER! Customer service is pretty much non existent, they're rude and slow. Also their gel products are cheap. I came to get a gel fill in with a lady named "Nina" and the nails are ok, but the polish job was terrible. It was all clumpy and wrinkly, I asked her about and she was like "it's ok I fix for you" and she didn't of course. I got home that same night and all the gel started to peel off, I came back the next day and asked them to fix it. I chose a different color just in case it was that one batch. But no. Same thing happened again and they refused to give me my money back. From someone who's been to over 100 nail salons in the past 10 years I can honestly say that this was my worst experience ever! DON'T waist your time or money with these people.
4	I was a walk in and def treated like a regular. The ladies were really sweet fast and efficient. I needed a pedi and a fill and was out in just over an hour. Score!! If I'm in the area again I'll be sure to check them out. My nails are holding up great so the products they use have to be decent quality!
1	AWFUL!!!! Complete rip off!!!!!! First off the place is filthy and I noticed during my pedi that they were not using new sanitized tools, so I stopped the rude ogre  in the midst of a possible bacteria infection and asked for just a gel polish. 42dollars!!!!!!!! They decided to charge me extra 20 for gel polish. Of course the board on the wall with the prices says five for gel polish, but that did not seem to matter. I had a fill with gel polish and had my 7 yr old daughters nails polished with gel. The total was 100$!!!! According to the board it should have only been 52 dollars!!!!!!!!! But no those prices don't matter!!!!!!!!  My daughters nails were lumpy messed up gel polish, and she sat perfectly still so it was not her and my plain pink gel polished nails and toes are  streaky. NOT WORTH IT!!!! I argued with these horrible woman about the price but they conveniently didn't understand English anymore!!!!!!!!  For real????? Fed up and pissed I threw 100$ on the table  and am telling you ladies to beware!!!!
1	I use to go here regularly and the last time I went the owner over charged me for such a simple yin and yang sign that was horribly done . They didn't even fix it and still charged me more . I do not recommend this place .
4	Pros: * welcoming staff* seemingly clean * only waited 5mins as a walk in * good price (didn't get overpaid like the other reviews on here) * accommodating (I had to rush out and the lady finished my nails quickly) Cons:* was slightly rough. Stung a bit as she was cleaning my nails up with acetone.* the lady doing my nails answered her cell phone and proceeded to talk on the phone for five minutes I will go probably again just because it is close to my home. However I usually go get my nails done at a better place in Summerlin.
4	I've been here 3 times total. The general manager monie I think it is, has done my nails twice ans she's super nice and has customer service. She also shapes my nails the way I like and always fixes the gel when I want her to thin it out or file down. It is a little pricey, but they do a good job overall. I am very specific when i come in because they aren't my regular place but I feel very welcomed and alwats leave satisfied.
5	I always come here to see Lani, she does an amazing job. I always love how my nails look and I also always have her pick my colors. Everyone always compliments my nails. Book an appointment it's better that way.
1	This place is filthy. It smells awful. They use unsanitized tools. Their polish selection is minimal. Save the $20 pedicure and go somewhere else. Gross.
