4	I've never eaten here and never had a desire to.  My wife insisted, so she won.  The food wasn't anything special, but the customer service was top notch.  And in my book customer service us 80% of the experience.  Plus, my kids dig it too.  Next time my wife suggests it as a fast food option, I won't complain too much.
4	I feel a little weird writing a review for a concept like Sonic. I mean, they're effing everywhere! If you dont know what sonic is or havent been to one, you need to get off the couch more.Let me start by saying this. Its fast food. Theres nothing too special going on here with a couple of small but very important exceptions. The food, for the most part is unexciting. Decent burger, ok chili dog. What sets Sonic apart from the rest is the fact that they have tater tots!!!! Yes folks, tater tots. I'll eat their burger just to get to those crunchy, fried tots! They have an amazing drink selection too. They're deserts and shakes are on point if you need that late night sweet tooth fix.So, over the past week, I've seen their commercials for their new line of hot dogs. I'm a sucker for a good Chicago dog. So I decided to pop into the local sonic today to give their new Chicago Dog a shot. I went in with ZERO expectations. I was blown away! They serve an amazing Chicago Dog. Dont believe me? Check it out for yourself. Good job, sonic! You nailed it!
3	Go for happy hour and try out a tasty beverage. I'm a vegetarian so I never get a burger. But its still most definitely worth a trip when you're craving a cold treat!
3	Average
1	I have been to this Sonic several times and more often than not their credit card system is down. The problem is once you pull in the drive thru you are stuck. So you dont get the treat you wanted and you have to sit there. So annoying. So the moral of the story is, if you come to this Sonic make sure you have cash or it is a waste of your time.
2	I didn't like that there were people in street clothes going in to the kitchen and walking around and getting their own drinks. There were 3 different cars during the time that we were there that had numerous people in the car with them and they would all go in and visit the workers and get their own food n drinks. Maybe they are employees.  I don't know but it seems very dirty and unsanitary to me to have them in n out. It was about 9 30 - 10 30 pm that we were there. My sisters corn dog came out and it was smashed. It had marks on it like it was stuck in a waffle iron or something. Also...the debit card reader wasn't working.
2	"Stick to drinks". They used to have a decent value of food for the dollar. Nope, not anymore. 2nd time I've gone through the drive-thru and ordered a "Ultimate Meaty Breakfast Burrito w/ Sausage" and what I actually receive is an "Ultimately Tiny Pathetic Joke Burrito". I swear as soon as I got to work to eat my burrito and opened up the bag to pull out the burrito I was disappointed. I was looking around for someone to come up with a camera and say, surprise it's a joke!! I ordered medium tots but I guess those are now small too. What a waste of my time today and money, too many options out there then to spend my money here. One more thing, their drive-thru is almost the slowest I've ever been through anywhere. Bring your taxes next time if you go through the drive-thru.
1	Another really bad sonic.  I love sonic bur not this one.  Don't waste your money here.
