5	just used them to move to my new apt. they are great , the guys are super nice and really fast. they got done 2 hours earlier then i got quoted, they took care of everything thet touched wrapped eveything great. even the office was great to deal with. if you live in phoenix you should use 2 men and a truck.  when we get a house we will be using them again.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. This company (both corporate and this local franchise) have no integrity. They don't care if they damage your furniture or house. They will deny you contacted them in the contractual time frame even if you provide them with phone records. Steer clear of these guys, they are truly scum of the earth.
1	They are not trained very well to move furniture, caused damage to my walls and furniture
5	I used Two Men and a Truck this past weekend, and they were great.  It was easy to schedule the appointment, the cost was reasonable, and the guys were professional and got things done quickly.  They moved my furniture out of my 4th floor apartment (with no elevator) and then made 3 different stops to unload, all in fewer than 4 hours. This was my first time using movers, and I will never go without movers again!
2	I recommend being sure you understand their terms.  When I spoke to them I was told there was a deposit of $100 charged up front and then there was a minimum 2 hour charge at $92/hour (I got some kind of discount on their usual rate for some reason).  This meant to me that I was spending $184 in total==wow good deal, so booked right away.  Otherwise I was just going to rent a truck and a couple of day laborers to save money.  I only had a small amount to move but was doing it alone and had a broken wrist (plus I'm an older woman).  I was thrilled with them.  They were on time, the guys were pleasant and took care of the job quickly.  They left before me as I had to settle up with Upack and yet I beat them to my house--no big deal we were still well within the 2 hour minimum charge. They put my stuff in the garage and we were well under the 2 hours.  One mistake I made was I did not look in their truck to be sure all my boxes had been retrieved.  I had looked through the truck at upack but was in trust mode at that point.  The gist of that is I have some missing stuff but don't know for sure that it was the 2 men.  I later inquired the business if anything had shown up that they didn't know who it belonged to, but received no response.This lack of response was also related to my complaint about the costs I was actually charged of $286.  When I first tried to clarify this I was told there was a travel charge of $110 and that my deposit had covered all but the $10 and then the minimum charge was 2 hours.  Wait, what happened to the minimum quote of only 2 hour charge.  I don't know if they didn't present it accurately but admit I was not happy as I recall repeating more than once so this is only going to cost me $182.  I thought the deposit would be applied to that.  So just beware.  The estimated bill was confusing as well.  It estimated the work would take 3 hours at the $92 rate then added the $110 "travel charge" and did take the deposit off that bill.  But it didn't take 3 hours it was only 2.  I don't/didn't get it and when I wrote him about it and the missing stuff which may have been left on the truck, I got nothing.So I don't know what to say about using them, except be sure you understand their charges and don't misunderstand a deposit and not get the info about travel charge!And definitely look inside the truck to see nothing was left behind better yet, count your boxes when they go on the truck and then gain when they are off the truck.This is probably just good sense which I did not use.
