4	Cute little cafe! I work down the street and was anxiously awaiting opening day. They serve coffee, baked goods, and a variety of wraps from what I've seen. Everything I've tried so far is very tasty. I love that it's a drive through! The whole place has a very cozy, home-y feel. It seems like it was a renovated home, or office building with private offices, because it actually has a separate kids room, meeting room, and 2-person private meeting room in the back hallway in addition to traditional seating in the main eating area. Very unique.That's the basics. As far as overall service and quality goes, I'd give it a 8/10. Here's the thing. I was invited to a soft opening to sample their food and drinks (and everything was tasty - didn't blow me away, but was tasty!) and then returned later that week to try the drive-through. Not everything was perfect, but I don't expect it to be in opening week - in my opinion, it's how you handle the small mistakes that's more important. When I ordered their peanut butter-banana-strawberry wrap and they were out of strawberries, they happened to have free samples out and gave me a handful of those for free. It was enough that it would've been close to a full wrap - and even had strawberries in it. That was a really awesome thing for them to do, and again, I don't expect everything to be perfect in the first week but their customer service truly speaks for itself. The owner seems really sweet and all of the employees I've encountered have been friendly and accommodating. That, to me, is more important than almost anything. All in all, I look forward to seeing this business grow and supporting it as it does! It's a great concept and I hope it catches on. It's in a great spot and all the prices are very reasonable and worth what you get. Definitely check it out if you're curious!
4	Pretty darn fantasticExcellent, friendly serviceTasty sconesA very well made skim latte2 thumbs up
4	In love with this little place! Don't let the outside turn you away, it's an excellent cafe! The staff are all beyond friendly and their coffee and bakery items are delicious. As it used to be a bank, the setup is a bit unusual but it has a great atmosphere and is a good place to relax.
3	I've been to this place twice now. The first time I wanted something non-caffeinated so I got a cherry italian soda. It was delicious, and the price was fine. Last week I needed a coffee to go and thought I'd give this place a whirl. I got a medium sized light roast and was horrified to see that the only option for creamer was the little individual-size International Coffee creamers that you see in restaurants sometimes. I was really surprised that a place whose main offering is coffee didn't have some sort of little pitcher or carafe with half-and-half or even whole milk. Even Kwik Trip (with their spelling issues) offers half-and-half from a dispenser. I didn't like the coffee much but I'm pretty sure I didn't add enough sugar and creamer, so I'm not knocking off any stars for that. I'll have to try it again some time to judge it better. It used to be a small bank and has a wacky layout, but I think that's sort of fun and adds to the hometown/refurbished vibe.
