5	Best shopping centre in Edinburgh by far. Great range of shops from traditional Debenhams, M&S & BHS, through HMV, Clintons and the like, to the seasonal and specialist stores, 'Ocean of Slippers' anyone? Books, furnishings, spa, cinema it's all here. BMX park on the top floor for variety and nice food places, and it's open late.
3	It's a shopping mall. I hate shopping malls. So why do I go to this one? Because of the cinema, because of the views from the cafes' windows and because... no that's pretty much it. The Vue cinema is a good one and offers cheap deals on a Tuesday night. And the view of the Firth of Forth from Tiki's Cafe beat anything you can see from Harvey Nicks Forth Floor.
4	Great place to visit , has loads of shops as well as cinemas . Nice bars where you can sit and watch the world go by and it also has the royal yacht brittania moored there. Free parking and good safe place for families.
4	Nice views and a good range of shops. All the eateries are great and when you're fed up you can go an see a film. Great seat pitch in the Vue but the films don't stay long, so don't wait if you want to see something that's not so popular.
3	I can't bring myself to get on the bus and travel all the way down Leith Walk to Ocean Terminal. It has various High Street shops on offer, most of which you can go to on Princes Street. There is a cinema and dining too, most of which you can get in the centre of Edinburgh. There is a play area and a skate park here which is I suppose where Ocean Terminal will win. Take the kids, dump them there and go enjoy your shopping in peace. I guess if you live in the Leith area, or perhaps you want to shop away from the rain then a visit to Ocean Terminal is in order. Otherwise I will probably stick the Princes Street and its better (and bigger) variety of shops and dining.
4	I've never been the biggest enthusiast when it comes to shopping centres. Something about them grates me after a while, in a way that wandering round town doesn't. I think it might be the clammy experience of being confined inside a building where there are usually too many people, and where the glare of dodgy lighting schemes tends to cause shopping edginess and paranoia. Or maybe I'm just a bit of a fussy shopping diva. Ocean Terminal, thankfully, has been designed in a way that makes you feel comfortable with browsing for extended periods of time...well, at least for about two hours. Back when I was a young sprite, working for a well-known coffee company where I got to wear a green apron and eat muffins all day, I was moved up to Ocean Terminal to work at the centre when it first opened. At the time, hardly any of the units had been filled, so you would only really have made the effort to get there if you wanted to go to the Vue cinema, or eat at Zizzi or one of the other restaurants, which do have nice views out to the sea. The selection of shops at Ocean Terminal has now massively improved, with a big Debenhams and several High Street fashion outlets, including Topshop, Faith, Joy, Gap and New Look. The main advantages of Ocean T are the fact you can park for free, it's light and spacious, so there's little chance of shopping cabin fever, and it's open until 8pm, Monday - Friday, brilliant if you can't fit normal weekday shopping hours into your schedule.
3	Compared to its competitors (such as the Gyle Centre and St James' Mall) - Ocean Terminal is light years ahead of them. It's modern, light, airy and has some really cool shops in it as well as a cinema. Ocean Terminal also has a restaurant/eating area, which in reality is about as far as you can get from your standard mall fast food type stuff - its really rather good to sit having a paninni etc while staring out of the huge glass windows into the docks. Amazing views. Oh, and there also happens to be a Royal Yacht parked right outside. Not many other places can boast that.However, there is one major problem - I wouldnt go out of my way to come here from where I live - yes, it has all of the shops I could ever want in one area, but despite the constant buses, its just too far away. All of the shops can be found in the city centre - and while they will require walking between (Shock, Horror!!) you would probibly be quicker than heading all the way down to Ocean Terminal.
3	Naturally, shopping centres never offer anything unique. Here, the usual brand names and popular business are scattered around with no particular focus on a personal and inviting layout.  However,  Ocean Terminal sits alongside the very edge of Leith Docks and looks out onto the Royal yacht. Its isolation from the centre of Edinburgh and pleasant views offer a recommendable city break. Sometimes it's a good idea to jump on the bus, head to Ocean Terminal, mooch around the shops and have a coffee looking out onto the docks and for this I thank Ocean Terminal.
3	I think the 3 star sort of summarises this shopping centre/food court/tourist attraction. It's pretty average.They have some brilliant shops down here - Topshop, French Connection and Warehouse, but the whole place just feels so sad. There is no atmosphere and there is no sense of enjoyment. On paper, Ocean Terminal should be a tourist paradise and attract heaps of Edinburgh locals but in reality it just isn't doing it!! They have a VUE cinema here which is brilliant, I've been a few times because it's always really quiet and there's free parking (woohoo!) so it's a winner all round. The food courts aren't brilliant, there is a nice view of the docks from some of them, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come here.Saying that, the John Lewis and other shops are worth visiting if you have a purpose. As I said, the free parking is its main selling point!
4	Due to the fact that Ocean Terminal is located on Ocean Drive, I automatically get the Lighthouse Family song of the same name stuck in my head whenever I think about it. Rather amusing. This is a really nice shopping centre, it's bright and airy and if you pop in during the week it's usually quite quiet so nice and relaxing to walk about and not as hectic as some shopping centres. It's located right next to the Royal Yacht Britannia so if you're into boats you can have a wee look at it while you're shopping.Ocean Terminal hosts some pretty good shops such as Debenhams, Topshop, Korres, Imported Music, Dorothy Perkins and many more, not forgetting the fabulous Baxters store where I could easily spend hours. There are also various cafes including a Zizzi's and there's even a Vue cinema! It's a little bit sad to see quite a few empty shells where thriving shops should be and it feels like there's a lot missing from Ocean Terminal to make it an amazing shopping centre but I'm still giving it four stars as I really like the chilled out atmosphere it has.
4	"Ocean" Terminal is an incredibly optimistic name, but I suppose the more honest version of "River Terminal" doesn't quite have the same buzz or glamour about it. It's ironic then that buzz and lack of glamour are two of the most notable aspects of the shopping experience down here. It's a grand idea, a shopping centre in an area that's out of town yet not in the middle of a field like The Gyle or Silverburn, but somehow many of the shops are empty, and despite it's size and the presence of restaurants and a cinema, it feels eerily quiet and stagnant.Beats wrestling through swarms of screeching Spanish tourists on Prince's Street though, so it gets a thumbs up from me.
3	This place has the obvious advantage over Princes street of being indoors. There's nothing worse than struggling along Princes Street from shop to shop with horizontal sleet pelting in your face!But aside from that, Princes Street is way better. Mainly because Ocean Terminal lacks any character or soul - it's just yet another purpose-built shopping centre full of chain shops, and when you're in it you could be anywhere in europe. I much prefer the backdrop of Princes Street gardens and the sound of the bagpipe buskers.
2	As far as shopping centres go, this one is below par. We went there for the car-valet service: they valet your car whilst you nip in and shop. Turns out we were too late for the valet-service, so we had a quick wander anyway. The shops were very uninspiring, all relatively unheard of or non-brands. As a 25-year old fashion-savvy (if I do say so myself) there wasn't a River Island, Topshop, Miss Selfridge in sight. The only decent shop I came across was French Connection.The food hall was equally disappointing. Three restaurants to choose from, all generic pub-grub style (and one Chinese). The sort of places you'd find in an airport and settle for, but certainley not go out of your way for.In comparison to the Glasweigan Braehead or Silverburn, this shopping centre was very poor indeed. Only one shop I enjoyed browsing, and generic food. It seems very out-dated and unfashionable, with a few closed retail units. It's also a huge space, that I feel is lacking any use of potential.
5	Must say Edinburghs biggest and best shopping centre. It has everything, cinemas and a boat to look around.
3	Unfortuntately I didn't get much time in here. I had to go through to Leith for my work and my colleague and I were actually looking for somewhere to get some grub. We headed on in and was agast by the sheer size of the place and it's oh so modern. It's on 3 levels and has a Vue cinema and I hear it has a boat somewhere, not in it I think?! Well it has a shop relating to it anyway. We were there about after 4.30ish on Monday so it was pretty quiet. It looked like it contained the usual high street shops with a few added extras i.e. The Whiskey Shop & Zamboo = a shop selling very weird looking vases. We searched for a food court of some sort but all we came across was what looked like Mitchelin star restaurants. It looked shut but according to the website it's open 'till 10pm. It just wasn't looking like the sort of eating establishment we had in mind, well one with food would've be good for a start.Anyhoo I ain't dissing the place as I only experienced it a little but if I'm ever back out this way I'm sure I'll pop in.
3	Nice restaurant in Leith, lovely food and if you are lucky enough with the weather, a beaut to have your food on their veranda and watch boy boat racers!
3	You're typical mall, with typical mall stuff. The movie theater, Vue isn't that great, I felt like the sound was not surround. And the screen is small. What a stinky experience for Harry Potter. But other than that, it's a decent place to chill out from the rain.
2	I'd say in terms of layout, I much prefer Ocean Terminal to St.James Centre. Which I can find extremely claustrophobic! However, Ocean Terminal is lacking dearly on interesting shops. They have the same old, same old. To be honest, I think the only shop that isn't already on the high street may be Baxter's. For people who live in Edinburgh, this mall is definitely not worth the bus trip!
4	I have spent a lot of time in O.T. Not because I love it but because I've been employed there throughout my degree. It goes without saying there are obviously times when I'd rather be in the Sahara or dangling by my undergarments from a church spire but when I look from a shoppers perspective I think it holds its own.Over the last year or so it's gained an H&M for ladies and kids, a Topshop and a Handmade Burger Co. among a few interesting smaller guys (there's a little unit selling a huge variety of olive oil and variations on that theme, to pick just one).Also, I've only read the most recent few reviews but I haven't seen any mention of O.T being the home of the retired Royal Yacht Britannia, a really interesting visit (having done it) and a big tourist draw.The M&S food store is modest, with less range than the biggies but on the plus its always half as busy on scale than the Princes Street food hall.Vue cinema, GAP, Superdry, French C, a large Debenhams and a Baxters are noteworthy proprietors.The architecture is solid and unspectacular. Its apparently supposed to look like a ship but I think to appreciate it you probably have to stand in Fife.Its approaching 15 years old and I think in the next few years it will start to look a little tired, but I don't care, we're old friends now.
5	I like the Clean and bright look of the place. A good selection of shops and some great places to eat.Its my preferred shopping centre
3	It has a Vue Cinema, the entrance to Britannia, Starbucks, Bear Company, M&S Food-Court, H&M, Superdry, Fat Face, HMV, Boots, FCUK, Baxter, GAP,  Debenhams and a beautiful laid out Food Court - with Zizzi, Burger Company etc.. I do like the food-court,  with its view over Fife and new developments of Newhaven. (I compare those views with Blade Runner scenes..) Not my favourite shopping centre - as it is more like an main street shopping missing the charity shops (apart from the Superdry Store) I go shopping here when I have a few hours to spare on a Sunday. It is clean building in and out and has got a straightforward layout  rectangular and 3 stories high. There is a car park and a bus terminus for Lothian buses 22, 35, 34, 36, 11Also the tourist buses stop here. There are (still) plans to extend the (in)famous tram line to here but those are currently shelved
4	ok some people may find ocean terminal getting a bit run down or lacking in shops, but to be honest i still love this place.  i became a fan when i moved in the flats that are literally across the street from this place about 5 years ago.  i've long since left that flat but i've not left the leith area and a huge part of that is due to the convenience of having a large shopping centre right nearby.i did get a bit frustrated with ocean terminal a few years back when the shops were lacking, but with opening an H&M, a bunch of new restaurants, and a 24 hour gym my love for this place held strong.  some stores could still use a revamp (i'm looking at you pure spa, dororthy perkins, and new look) but i can still pretty much always find what i need when i'm here.  the Marks & Spencers simply food is pretty much the only market i frequent, much to the dismay of my wallet but it's super handy being right there when i go to the gym.  also with all the healthy options and superior fruit and veg it's hard to find a reason not to shop there.so maybe not the most amazing shopping centre in the UK, but ocean terminal certainly makes me happy.  they have all the shops i need, a pharmacy, a gym, a cinema, a spa, and some place to get my dinner. what more could i really ask for?
3	Hmmm, Edinburgh does so many thing well. Independent shops, cafes and restaurants but I think it is poor at shopping malls. I had been to Ocean Terminal before (after a visit was recommended) and I wondered why I had been directed here. Maybe I'm biased. I grew up with the full mall experience of Glasgow - uber shops, great malls and when directed to somewhere to hunt down a prospective purchase, I was never disappointed back West. There are some ok shops here but it is just a bit ok - not fabulous and not quite worthy of a 2* meh (2.5-3), but just ok. It might get an hour of my time if I was early for a future spa appointment, but I wouldn't be crossing town to specifically head here.I also took my mum and she probably best summed it up on the phone to my dad, "went to Ocean Terminal because the spa is there. It's ok and there was a good kids shop, but its like shopping in the Paisley Centre, given the range of shops." If anyone is familiar with the Paisley Centre you won't take that as a complement for Ocean Terminal...
4	Now I know it's just another shopping centre but A) it's got free parking B) has a big cinema and C) lots of shops and places to eat.Ok a lot of places to eat are chain, in fact most of them are. My favourite chain has to be Zizzi's, as they always have an offer on and it's tasty (but the place always feels cold, perhaps the air con).  You have The Handmade Burger Co, Bella Italia, Pizza Express, A chinese, a coffee bar and the main eating area.Free Parking is good because the Omni Complex is expensive.  Plus there is plenty of spaces too.Ocean terminal is set on three floors all of which are accesible by moving stairs and lifts.  Most of the shops are on the ground and first floor with the eating places on the third.  Frankie and Benny's are the lastest chain to be installed here.  You have Sbux and Costa for coffee addicts like myself.
