5	Excellent customer service. Attention to detail is second to none.My last mechanic was flaky, inconsistent and would often miss things while under the hood.I feel as though I am treated very fair at this place. I bring all 3 of my vehicles here. They are thorough and get right to it.I told my family about it; now they all come here.
5	Randy and Tom and the crew have helped us stay safely on the road.  This shop is honest and will help you figure out what is a "have to have" and what can wait! No games, no gimmicks and as a woman customer I have always felt respected!215,000 and 350,000 miles on our Trucks  and still going strong thanks to National Automotive Repair.
5	I have been going to National Auto for a couple of years now and have always had great service. Randy and Tom always explain everything clearly and concisely.  Their prices are very reasonable and I trust them. I have been to several auto repair shops in the past and I always feel like they tack on unneeded services to my car. This has never happened at National. They will also tell me the priority items that need repair on my car - instead of just giving me a long list and telling me I need to get everything done. I feel very confident in recommending National Automotive Repair.
5	Guys were honest, nice and super fast. Great place!
5	I started doing business with Randy in 2002 and have never needed to look for another garage sense. National has always supplied honest, reliable, and fairly priced service. They have taken care of everything from my sports cars, SUV, motor home, family cars, and one of my most prized possessions, my custom 1951 Chevy Bel-Air show car. Thanks to Randy and his staff for the incredible service they have provided over the last 11 years.Bill Terbot
5	When you need a vehicle repaired TRUST & HONESTY is important. I met Randy years ago after getting a quote to fix the Volkswagen I owned at the time because it failed omissions and the original place I brought it to wanted $1,500.00 to get so it would pass inspection. At the time I didn't have the money. I heard about NAR at a business meeting I attended and thought I would bring my car to them and see if they could do the repair for less.Randy called me later the same day and said he could definitely  get the car to pass inspection and all it would cost is the price of a fuel filter which would be around $9.99. I was so skeptical thinking no way was the other place wanting $1,500.00 and he only wanted $9.99. I mean the other place is where my dad had taken his car for years. They couldn't possibly be that far off the price of getting it back on the road or ripping me off that bad.To make a long story short I picked up the car from National Automotive brought it to get inspection and IT PASSED !!!!!I've been bringing my cars there ever since and that incident must have been 20 -25 years ago. CONCLUSION: Randy the owner is honest, trustworthy, ethical and detail oriented.  The service provided there is excellent and I highly recommend them.    ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average.  2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
5	Honest, reliable experts who care about you! I've had regular maintenance, emergency repairs and a couple of free services and I leave impressed every time.
5	I recently took my car to National for a check engine light issue.  I was on a tight timeline due to the fact that I needed to pass emissions and register my vehicle.  They replaced my computer and took my vehicle through emissions to guarantee that there were no issues.  I am thrilled that they completed my work on time and for a great price.  I will definitely return again.
5	I love this place I have taken my car there three times. They always make sure I have a ride home if they have to keep my car give me updates on what they have to do. My car  is a used one and it has had to have a lot of work on it but I feel save in it now that they have work on it. It a peace of mind to feel driving!
5	I started taking my vehicles to NAR after reading all of the great reviews here on Yelp. I have to agree with the 5 star rating. Randy, the owner, has been in the shop handling customer service every time I've been there and I have to agree that he is honest and works hard to get your car back on the road as quickly as possible. His prices are very reasonable.  His price for an oil change is great and he won't try to hit you up for an up-sell unless it's something that is really necessary to the well functioning of your vehicle. One word of advice, though, the waiting room is tiny, so don't plan on waiting too long for your work to be done if you are claustrophobic.
1	When honestly and trust are important,  take your car someplace else. Had a fuel delivery problem and needed to know if it was the pump or electrical going to the pump.  Told these guys it stalls, and won't start again,  the tow truck driver even told the mechanic when we dropped it off. These dumb-asses couldn't figure it out, but still charged me $120 for a list of things I already knew was wrong with the truck.  Long story short, truck stalled out again,  had it towed to pep boys,  they listened to me, tested the pump and yes the pump was bad. And by the way, half the shit on their list wasn't even bad on the vehicle,  seems to me they thought they had caught a sucker.
5	Just had some more work done on my car can say good enough things about this place. The owner is a wonderful person love the staff great people
