4	I know it SAYS women's clothing but in my mind I had it made up that it was only men's. I have obviously found out the good truth that it DOES I fact sell women's clothing. It kind of covers the whole spectrum with dressed, fancy night wears, casual t's and cardi's. The prices are what you'd expect for a boutique. Around $50 average for an item. I really think the look of the store is what threw me off because it just has a manly type of look, but it's very well organized and put together. Doesn't matter to me as long as you have nice clothes! I also like the fact that they sell local T shirts from the Cotton Factory and Common Wealth Press. It's a great place to stop in and pick up some new threads on the South Side!
5	Decade is great! One of the best shops in the 'burgh. The owner, Steve, is super knowledgeable and friendly, and the clothes are really cute and hip (I got a really fun black dress last time I went in). The shop itself is a really cool space too, so it's always fun to go in and check out the new product. i have since moved from PA to CA, but I definitely plan on going back when I visit :)
5	Decade is one of the most well merchandised stores in Pittsburgh.  Every time I have ever been in there it has been really organized and easy to browse.  I have purchased several pieces in there over the past few years and quality of the clothing is really good.  I would recommend this shop to just about anyone.  When I have friends in from out of town, I always take them to Decade to pick up a Pittsburgh tee.  Nice window displays too!
4	This was my first visit into Decade. The most adorable and sweet dog greeted us and wasn't at all a bother, but instead made my day. The setup is cool and funky, clothes were mostly out of my price range but it's got that awesome local and independent thing going on, so if it could, I would shop there frequently. Got a super cool Dead Bury Dead shirt that I wore promptly the same evening. Very cool and friendly salesguy, whose name I forget.
5	The guys at Decade are curating great style items for men and women who want to express themselves with a little cutting edge in clothing and accessories.
5	Decade is a great find on Carson St. in the South Side.  Great clothes that you really can't find elsewhere - besides on the interwebs (but you can't try those on now can you?).  T-shirts galore, and a special PGH t-shirt section; which is a great space for PGH ex-pats wanting to take some of the 'Burgh home with them.Friendly staff, helpful but not intrusive, and good music to shop to!
5	I had lived in Pittsburgh for years, been to the South Side more than I care to admit, have seen Decade, but never went in. Two years after moving I finally was able to go in and thank God I finally did.What's not to love about this place? Most shirts are reasonably priced and of course, I love any shirt that has some type of 412 reference on it. No matter where you move to, you always have your inner yinzer so why not wear it on a shirt?The look and feel of the shop is great. Everything is very best and orderly. What is great is that the shop isn't big, but there are a lot of things to choose from. The biggest downfall for me with boutique shops is that when you walk in there are literally 10 men's shirts to choose from. Decades is not the case.In addition to shirts they also sell vinyl and some random accessories and they had a nice women's selection too.The guy working was super cool and helpful. He lead me to the $10 t shirt bin. He must have known I like a good bargain. I left with 3 shirts and spent less than $50. I will go to Decades every chance I get when I come back to visit.
3	Have been looking forward to getting to this store, looks great through the window. Have tried twice now on my trips and if you are there before noon any day forget it. Finally asked a neighboring store why they are never open, and they said they live above the store and open whenever. So....go late afternoon and good luck, merchandise looks great, just wish I could get some too!Sherry  b
