3	Solid Mexican food served fast with friendly service. I am a regular with their breakfast burritos, $4 each and served all day. The chorizo, egg and potato breakfast burrito is a personal favorite. Tacos, enchiladas, huevos rancheros and carne asada are also tasty.
4	Excellent food.  I've had their carne asada and carnitas.  Both are quite delicious.  Higher quality than the average mexican fast food.
1	I quite possibly had the worst restaurant experience of my life here last Sunday.  Out of groceries and craving huevos rancheros my girl friend and I yelped Mexican in North Vegas, Alfonso's Mexican Food was close to the casa and had two solid reviews so we decided to give it a shot.  Situated next to Sushi Wow and Dennys this place used to be an Italian restaurant at one time I believe.  Doesn't look like they've done much remodeling since the last owners left, the inside was clean and well lit.      Standard Mexican "fast food" set up with a picture menu above the register and counter. The lone employee was in the kitchen when we came in and had a barely concealed look of annoyance gracing his unshaven blearily eyed face upon being summoned to the counter by the bell on the counter.  We asked a few questions about some of the breakfast dishes and received two word grumbled answers for our trouble.    We ordered two plates of eggs, with various chilies, rice and refried beans with two drinks.  There was no coffee (it was about 8:30 AM) no ice (the "cook" gave us some), the horchata machine was empty, and soda was flat.  After waiting at least 15 minutes he brought our food out and tossed it onto our table before shuffling back into the kitchen to, I can only assume, take a nap. Our eggs were runny and over cooked respectively, the rice may as well have been shredded cardboard, and the beans were clearly microwaved.    I will never again step foot back into this place, should someone who is a manager or owner of this establishment read this please know I took a few day to write this so as to not let my negative emotions unreasonably affect my review.  And you should probably fire whoever was working on October 24th 2010 so as to not lose future customers who may be unlucky enough to enter into your "restaurant".  Anyone who may be considering eating here I beg you: take your business elsewhere, there has to be a Roberto's nearby, there is a Denny's within walking distance, go across the street to McDonald's!
