4	This is the new location on Bell road at the Tatum Point shopping Center. We here tonight for my weekly ice cream night out....and i must say it has jumped to nearly the top of my list of favorite frozen yogurt locales. They had all the usual flavors and toppings but for a change they had some very unique one's i have not seen at some other establishments. They have red velvet cake flavor which i had along with strawberries and white chocolate chips on top. They also had a green apple....and pineapple flavor which i have not seen at any other previous establishments that i have visited. The price was outstanding as well....at only 39 cents an ounce that was also the cheapest i have seen frozen yogurt in the valley since i have lived here.The outdoor seating is wonderful and the atmosphere and service was outstanding....you pay this establishment a visit...because despite everything i have told you the YOGURT WAS DELICIOUS.....Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Orange Leaf is near the top of my yogurt list. We went to the Greek restaurant next door then had Orange Leaf yogurt for dessert. I had gingerbread yogurt with some crumbled oatmeal cookie pieces on top. The yogurt is great - very good flavor and consistancy. They have a variety of yogurt flavors and they have the most toppings that I've seen at a yogurt place. My oatmeal cookie pieces were too hard, but that was my only complaint. Pretty competitive prices too. I'll be back.
4	I love this little shop! The yogurt is yummy! I especially like the Root Beer Float, Red Velvet and Cake Batter. I also love their selection of toppings and that they include FRESH fruit like blueberries. The only downfall for me was no Reese's PB cup topping (just minis). But this is definitely my yogurt shop of choice these days.
4	I already wrote a review about this place, I guess they have two entries, because when I check-in, my check ins come to this one.  Oh well, this is one of my favorite fro-yo places.  Not only do they have pistachio every time I go, but the seating is so cute and low, my twins love it.
