2	This is the worst burrito I've ever had. Although, it is the best food value you can find in Terminal C. I had the veggie burrito and it was terrible. The tortilla smelled like bleach and was absolutely stale. The grilled veggies inside were okay but as a unit, I couldn't finish it.
3	So my flight was delayed and I was hungry.  Very hungry.  After walking around the airport looking for a Popeye's (because we saw a sign for it), we gave up and ended up at Blue Burrito.I ordered a Big Blue Burrito - a double-size burrito with carne asada, rice, sour cream, guacamole, cheese and tomato.It was good enough for me to keep eating even after spotting Donny Osmond at the same gate.  I also couldn't finish the whole burrito, so that will give some insight to its size.Really nice lady working the counter, too.
2	Oh airport food, always sad . . . .Plenty of seating in this colorful cantina.  The sports play on the big screens and the waitresses are pretty quick and friendly.  A simple menu makes it easy to order - we decided to split the big blue burrito.  It really is huge!!!  The steak was dry, not very flavorful, the tortilla seemed dry too and overall it was a sad bland burrito.  Comes with light fluffy chips and a bland salsa too.  Tons of food for about $8 - so it's a good deal but just not very good food.  Our waitress was fairly attentive and made sure we had what we needed.  Overall the service was nice but not amazing.  I don't blame her though.I also didn't like that they had the super cheap plastic cups and plastic utensils.  Eh .. . . .
3	Was delayed for an hour in the dinnertime, and Eric R. and I wanted a snack.  He sent me off to find something that would please both of us.  Well, he loves Mex food.I see the Blue Burrito, and Peter A's burring (I mean purring) about its yumminess.I ordered the big blue no sour cream with steak.  The prices are Chipotle-esque and the portions are slightly smaller, but it is tasty and INCLUDED GUACAMOLE!!! yesss!!The menu had a new addition, the chicken torta - it had all the goods and jalepenos on it, so next time I am delayed in Terminal C I might get that (Eric R. does not like hot peppers besides moi).
3	I have low expectations for airport food, but this place wasn't bad.  The breakfast burrito beat the other McChains in the terminal.
4	Not bad for airport food (Terminal C in Las Vegas' McCarran Int'l Airport) - it actually felt like a decent burrito.I got the Green Chili Pork Burrito for $7 and change + tax = $8.10It had pretty good pork and chili sauce, along with filler of rice and beans. or maybe it's healthier that way. anyway, i was filled and pleased.They also do breakfast burritos.They do sell bottled beverages (no fountain drinks), but for $3+ for a drink, i'd stick to the water fountain a little further down the terminal.
3	You think once you leave the strip the prices will go down...until you hit the airport! 2 Margaritas and a shared nachos $41 dollars. There wasn't even prices on the drink menu?Good place to hangout though while delayed. Seat yourself...no one helps you even when its packed.
4	My "go to" place to grab a bite to eat when I'm in the C-Gates area of McCarran Int'l Airport.  I like to grab a Burrito & a Brewskie while I wait for my plane to depart.  Since I'm one of those guys who likes to get to the airport super early so I don't miss my flight, I have plenty of time to kill.  The FREE WiFi is awesome because I can surf the web while I enjoy my eats from this place.Return Factor - 80%
2	Eh asada burrito was unimpressive and bordering on bad but I also adjusted since it's airport food...  Also, it was closing very soon, so maybe it was just a bad batch.Unfortunately won't recommend =P
3	Decent mexican food considering it's in an airport.  3 stars cuz the prices weren't bad, again, considering it's in an airport.  I like the selection of tequila's they have.  Good size bar and nice atmosphere.
3	Blue Burrito Grille is a clean, friendly little place near gate C5. I ordered the Green Chili Carnitas burrito, and was pleasantly surprised at the speed at which the food came out, but also at the quality. The tortilla was warm, but not the same temp as the fillings, which made me realize it wasn't microwaved, but properly warmed. The carnitas was moist, flavorful and tasty. Definitely a good place for a pre boarding snack.
2	The Big Blue (Chicken) Burrito was remarkably tasteless. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars was the prices are good and the food seemingly fresh. Good luck in Concourse C...you're going to need it.
3	bf and i ate here when we had a couple hours to kill before we headed home... i got a taco salad w/shredded beef and my bf got the machaca burrito both items came with chips and salsa... this was by no means what id really consider good Mexican food.. same caliber as baja fresh/ Chipotle. but the food wasn't bad at all. our total w/ two sodas tax and tip came out to around 30bucks. friendly waitress was quick and always refilled our drinks and even brought us drinks in to-go cups @ the end so we wouldn't have to go out n pay for another drink.i dunno if they have full bar but they do have margaritas :)i'd come back if  i ever had a long layover or time to kill before a flight...
3	Oh the joys of airport food. Generally most of it is (1) really expensive and (2) unfit for human consumption. The Blue Burrito Grille is the best of a bunch of bad options in terminal C. Burrito was made fresh, reasonably warm, and didn't taste terrible. I was a little concerned when the cashier didn't know what cilantro was, but the end result was ok. It wasn't cheap though. One burrito, one rice bowl, a snapple and a coke does not = $23 value to me. But from what I've read elsewhere on Yelp, it's far less than we would have paid next door and a lot better. So it's only moderately expensive and is fit for human consumption. And for airport food, that equals three stars.
1	Serving cold food on styrofoam plates= class. The service was horrible, with the waitress saying they had 'ground beef' and came out with steak, saying 'Thats what we have'. Also, got food poisoning. Stat away!
4	Their food ROCKS. Great quality and their burritos are large.
3	Had some time to kill at the airport so I decided to come here for some Mexican food! -Their signature burrito was about $8...-I had their rice bowl for $7 (spanish rice, steak, chili, and veggies) I was expecting some huge bowl full of the ingredients mentioned, but the bowl was so dinky I finished it in less than five minutes! I mean it was really good and all, but the size and portion was not worth that!-Fiji water was 5$!!!!!I'm not really a big fan of fast food (burger king, McDonald's, etc...)when I'm on vacation so I like to try places like this one! Lesson learned though, eat before heading to the airport!!!
3	This place really is A-OK.  Loved the fact that they had a green chili burrito.  My own little slice of New Mexico.This location oddly doesn't sell fountain drinks and has over-priced bottled drinks.  The people working here were nice, so it's worth a stop -- definitely the best cheap option in this terminal.
4	Awesome nachos for anAirport take away! Good prices and very filling!
3	Ordered the "Big Blue" burrito expecting that the size of the burrito would have lived up to the name. Perhaps since I didn't expect the burrito to be blue, I shouldn't have expected it to be big either. :-)The pork burrito was just ok.
1	Never trust a restaurant, especially if it's in an airport, that doesn't list its prices on the menu.  Or server constantly tried to recommend expensive options, but the price was a mystery! For a serving of wet yet burnt nachos and two margaritas, $40...wait, $40?! The nachos were so disgusting, we ate two bites and left the rest.  The margaritas were ok, but NOT $14 apiece ok. Beware! Eat at McDonald's...at least you know it's mostly consistent.
3	your dining options are quite limited at this terminal.. but this place is not bad for an airport burrito.. prices are decent too..
3	the blue burrito is decent.. not quite authentic Mexican style, but this is an airport and for a quick bite in between flights it was a reasonable option and the price was OK by airport standards
1	Don't eat here. One of the worst burritos I have ever had. It was almost all tortilla and they didn't add the guac I paid extra for. Gross.
1	Just awful. So called 'asada burrito' was cold and bland... just a lump of plain carnitas and some iceberg lettuce in a cheap tortilla. reminiscent of Taco Bell in the 90s but worse.
2	Perhaps expected in an airport terminal, but the burrito my wife and I had were just barely food. The lettuce was browned and the wrap soggy. The only redeeming point was the beans are lard-free.
1	Bland blah food. I had to smother my carnitas in hot sauce to make them edible. Do not recommend this place at all!
2	There aren't a lot of dining options in this area of the terminal so I went here. This place was okay but nothing special. I tried the pork bowl and the pork itself was lean and tender. The vegetables didn't seem too fresh and were also just okay. The rice was overflavored or overseasoned and tasted like one of those premade boxed rices. This place is alright for airport food I but I wouldn't go here otherwise.
1	I knew I would have a fairly long layover at LAS but decided to quickly Google for decent food instead of Yelp. What a mistake.I skimmed several websites that gave this place good marks so I decided to try it out. Bland flavors, dry meat (I got the "special"), soggy iceberg lettuce and tortilla, watered-down tasteless pico. Thought about giving this place 2 stars considering it's airport food but decided against it for the $9.72 I paid.I had thorough time to explore terminal C. I'll probably be sticking with Burger King next time I'm back.
5	Great value for airport food, nice tender whole chicken pieces, real veggies, good spices, tasty salsa and generous portions make the chicken fajita rice bowl a winner my in my book.
