5	Siphon Draw is an incredibly scenic 4 miles round trip, winding up the small canyon known as Siphon Draw. The first mile of the hike starts with a relatively gentle grade leading from the trailhead to the foot of the 1200-foot vertical cliffs. From there it gets steeper and sometimes requires rock-scrambling and the use of both hands. But the rewards are so worth it: lovely high-desert vegetation, interesting rock "hoodoos" and the jaw-dropping views!Lost Dutchman State Park is located 5 miles north of Apache Junction, off of AZ 88 (old Apache Trail) at the base of the Superstition Mountains. There is a small parking fee.
5	Yesterday, for the second time, I hiked up Siphon's Draw and today, for the second time, I can barely walk.  This is a tough one!  Like Natalie W stated, it does start out pretty easy but gets steeper and requires some tricky hand and feet placement.  There isn't a clear trail to the top and it isn't highly populated, so make sure you follow the white and blue spray painted dots.  For you Camelback hikers, it's about twice the distance - it took the bf and I about an hour and 45 minutes to get to the summit, and this is with continuous hiking with maybe a 2 minute stop for water.  The view is definitely worth it!  Make sure you take lots of water and a snack or two for the top!
5	Yes, I agree with the other reviews.  Incredible hike, especially if you continue up to Flatiron.  The waterfall was dry, and I bet its fantastic when its flowing.  If you make it to Flatiron and back, go ahead and pat yourself on the back for making the 5.8 mile trip.  I'd suggest hiking in a group.You'll park in the Lost Dutchman State Park.  There is a $5 day use fee per vehicle.
5	This hike is best done early winter and winter. During the spring and fall, it is PACKED! and since the trail to the flatiron is very narrow and steep, hikers have to be wary of those below so as not to accidentally cause rocks to tumble on them. we did this hike about 3 weeks ago, all the way to the summit. the siphon draw portion is typical desert hiking, until you reach the slick rock. this is where it gets really interesting. i've heard there's a waterfall there, but it was dry when we went. from here, you can explore some of the lower mesa's, but if you continue on, keep a sharp eye out for the spray painted dots telling you where to go (but you won't really get lost, just a little off trail). it's part scrambling, part hiking, but very cool. trees and narrow slots to scramble over. and then,there's the top! awesome views of the valley. if you go other than summer, bring something warm as it is very windy up there. we even saw a gila monster our first trip there (a year ago), so you never know what's gonna show up. take a snack and enjoy the summit. it's a great hike.
5	Back again!  I'm so happy we have some friends that live, literally, right up against the mountain so we can park at their house and walk to the trail.  I tell ya, this is a tough one and not for your first time hiker/tourist.  Follow the blue and white spray painted dots - we saw several lost hikers.  Per usual, I'm feeling a little sore today but like I always say, no pain, no gain!  :)
5	What a descriptive name -  a draw is a natural depression into which water drains, and the rock formation in this place siphons rainwater into the canyon below. And what a magnificent place for hiking! Located at the north end of the Superstition Mountains, this area offers breathtaking views of the East Valley (and even the skyline of Phoenix in the distance), part of the Tonto National Forest, striking rock formations, and - if you're lucky enough to do your hike in the spring - a dazzling display of wild flowers. Parking is available at the Lost Dutchman State Park or you can park at the federal area (part of the Tonto National Forest) just a little bit north of the state park, on N. Apache Trail.  The gently sloping mountain base leading to the draw offers grand vistas and several easy trails, but be prepared for a more challenging hike once you reach the Siphon Draw Trail. On the way to the smooth-rock gully above (the actual "siphon"), you'll be rewarded with the views of even more breathtaking vistas and awesome rock formations.  Beyond this point, more seasoned (and really fit)  hikers may want to continue onward to the more difficult trail to the Flatiron area above.If you plan to hike here, definitely bring your camera! And of course, the usual stuff - water, and perhaps something to eat; the energy expended for this hike is sure to make you hungry, but it will be such a pleasure to sit in the area of the draw and admire the view while having a snack or a small picnic lunch.
4	Such a beautiful hike, especially if you're going all the way through to Flat Iron. Somewhere around 5 miles, I believe. I've been through here with my family, and ob solo journeys. It's incredible. Planning on going back in a couple of weeks. Highly recommended.
