5	We stayed here for our one night honeymoon couple years ago recomended by neighbor friends. Beautiful house and our room was just so pretty...we stayed in the Oriental theme room. The breakfast was really nice too.  It was hard climbing the stairs after a long day of our wedding, but once we got to our room and relaxed...it was worth it.
4	An absolutely beautiful mansion sitting on the top of Pinckney overlooking the capital building and the rest of the city. We went over a 4th of July weekend in the summer so prices were jacked way up. Honestly, for what we paid, I can't say MHI was worth it. But looking at their standard rate card, prices seem to improve during regular days (although regardless they seem more like Chicago prices than Madison prices to this Chicago-ite)We arrived in the afternoon and had to ring a doorbell to gain admittance. This was a standard procedure every time we came back: guests do not receive a key to the exterior door and someone is up 24/7 to let you in. When we walked in, there was a beautiful bar and sitting area to our left, and a lounge with fireplace to our right. We were shown our room which was an "english basement" style room. Not too much light, but nicely appointed, frette sheets, aveda bath products, a heated bathroom floor, and terry cloth robes. A small desk, sitting chair, large bureau, a chest of drawers, and 42" flat screen completed the decor. Oh, and a huge picture of Lance Armstrong. Huh? Yeah, turns out Trek the bike company owns the whole place, oddly enough. So don't be surprised when you see B&W biking pictures everywhere. Anyways, the bed was extremely comfortable and we heard absolutely no noise the entire time we were in our room despite the Inn having several other occupants. The staff were quite pleasant and helpful when we hung out in the lounge, making us feel quite welcome and comfortable with a never ending supply of nuts and candy, and eating (the included) continental breakfast on the deck off the lounge was a nice experience. The Inn overall is beautifully decorated; think lots of marble, wood, and restored tile. And a wonderful circular staircase up the middle of the house. I wouldn't do the lower floor room again though (room 3.) It was dead quiet, but also dark and a little gloomy. They pitched us specifically on that room vs. another because it was larger, but I'd rather have light than a few extra square feet the next time.
4	The Mansion Hill Inn is a solid choice if you are looking for something unique within walking distance of the major sites in downtown Madison.  While certainly no bargain, for the location and quality of the accommodations, we thought the room rates were fair. While not particularly large, room five was nice with plenty of light and windows.  It has a door that opens out to a balcony on the back of the inn.  The bathroom was clean and had a large shower and a heated tile floor.  The bed was comfortable and we did not notice any noise either from the street or other guests.As another reviewer pointed out, you do have to press a button next to the main door to have someone let you in.  We did not, however, experience any inconvenience as someone always came quickly.  The complementary valet service also worked well.Overall, our stay was nice and we would consider staying here again.  That said, we've stayed at some other bed and breakfasts in Wisconsin that we enjoyed more (White Gull Inn, Blacksmith Inn, and Brayton Bed and Breakfast all come to mind).  I think the reason is that, compared to these others, the Mansion Hill Inn lacked some of the personal touches of the other places we've stayed (though the cookies and notes we'd find in the room were nice).  While the staff was very good and helpful, they could have been better at anticipating needs and offering suggestions to make the stay more enjoyable.  In addition, some of the little things could have been improved upon (e.g., additional bath products were not provided even though the bottles were almost empty; the staff did not offer to help us with our bags when we were leaving; the coffee thermos near the bar doesn't work well to fill their "to go" cups). Also, we didn't find their breakfast to be very impressive and ate elsewhere each morning.  That said, it's a great place to stay if you want a romantic weekend and a base from which to explore Madison.
5	At a glance...*  Great location - a few blocks from the great restaurants around the capitol*  Nice rooms - Room #1 is large, heated floor in bathroom, fireplace.*  Four taps and very reasonably priced wine list (buy the bottle, cheaper than by the glass)*  Should have king size beds.  The room we had was huge and could easily accommodate a king.*  Nice staff
5	Ah romance! We loved it here! The Mansion is like stepping back to another time at its finest. Elegant and wonderful surroundings, two comfortable parlors for relaxing (one with a bar), a great continental breakfast, and snacks out all day. They even leave iPads out so you can check in online while you're relaxing! The staff was very accomodating and friendly, and gave us some great recommendations where to eat. They have Trek bikes for the guests and we took a ride down to the campus and along the lakefront. It may cost a little more to stay there, but you get so much more than the average hotel. I can't wait to go back!.
4	Please switch out Queen size beds for kings.  The rooms can easily accommodate.
5	If I could live here I would! The service is second to none and each room is unique.They just added a B-cycle bike share kiosk and that's a major bonus. My wife and I have stayed here 3 times already and hope to get back soon for a 2 night stay.
5	We recently got married in Madison and spent our wedding weekend staying at the Mansion Hill. We absolutely loved staying there and seriously tried to figure out how we could move in perminently. Their staff is top notch!...Greeting you at the door, serving excellent breakfast and happy hour...they even helped with hosting the women in the bridal party while getting ready on the big day.  We had such a great time waking up in the morning and talking to Terrance over breakfast. The mansion itself is beautiful and made for great pictures, too. We will definitely stay there again when we head back to the Midwest!
