1	Driver left people outside of bus, in 100-degree heat, saying he was only dropping off. Then he walked in hotel, came back 20 minutes later with icy drink, now we could board. Very nasty to me when I couldn't immediately find my little paper voucher...he spoke to the other passengers on bus announcing that I was slowing down their airport arrival. This company apparently allows total jerks to drive for them.Would have been better value to take cab.....or just pay cash to shuttle that is already in front of hotel and ready to go. Waiting for 20+ minutes in Las Vegas heat, and having to track one more document(voucher) is crazy. Never again.
1	DO NOT BUY ROUNDTRIP TICKETS. Ride from the airport was fine. I scheduled my return trip and they insisted on picking me up 1.5 hours before they needed to. I called 1 hour prior to my trip to confirm, and they said I was on the schedule. I was supposed to be picked up at 1pm....I called at 1:20 and was told the driver was 3 minutes away. I called again at 1:30 and they said I was the next stop (which was a lie) I sat outside in the rain and 40 degree weather for an HOUR after I was supposed to be picked up, throughout which time 6 other airport shuttles came by and would have taken me to the airport a heck of a lot faster.
1	We arrived at McCarron airport and took are carry-ons out to where the shuttle service were to obviously get a ride to the strip. We were advised that "Gray line shuttles" went that way and so we went up to their sales counter to pay for a ticket.DON'T PAY FOR ROUND TRIP. You could easily lose the 2nd ticket that you need to keep for coming back to the airport or even worse the lady at the counter said all we need to do is call 15 minutes in advance and we would be picked up from MGM casino to return to the airport. So we bought round trip. After our stay at MGM we called 20 minutes in advance and were told by the gray line operator that we would have to wait an HOUR to catch the next shuttle. These shuttles only come once an hour on a timed schedule. So that lie that they said about 15 minutes in advanced was just a selling tactic for us to buy round trip in advance.We ended up taking a cab which was 15 or so with 5 dollar tip.My friends and i reluctantly gave a donation (18 dollars) to Gray Lines for a ride we never received back to the airport. BITCHES!
1	I bought in a package from travelocity... is the site I always book my trips from.  I figured if they recommend this company, it must be good.  So I book round trip travel, to and from out hotel.  I check it with some ladies that was not happy to be working there and told that the bus will be here any minute now... 30 mins later the guy finally arrive.  I think the drive is the only good thing about this company.So, here is the big OMG.... I tried to call 24 hour in advance.... I was on hold three timed for 25 minutes....NO ANSWER. What the heck, you only have one operator working your phone lines.... and I am sorry... I'm in Vegas... I have no time to be holding... I'm here to have fun not be on hold for over an hour.  YEA! RIGHT! #$%^&*Anyway, called back and I was told that they are really busy and they can pick us up but they can't guarantee that I will make it to the airport and was told they are not responsible if I miss my plane.  I told them this is pre-paid... she said.. "I know" MONEY IN THEIR POCKET and and ended up taking the cab...... and paying double...what a rip off...Here is the deal... DO NOT BUY ROUND TRIP!!! Make sure you have plenty of time and patience when you arrive at the airport.....
1	It took longer to get to the Rio then it took us to fly from Billings to Las Vegas!!!!  The shuttle driver didn't even show up "on time" on the day we flew out.  Thanks taxi driver that got us to the airport in 5 minutes!
1	A few previous reviewers have said it and I echo - do not buy a round-trip ticket. Our trip from the airport went pretty smoothly, we bought our tickets, immediately boarded a bus, waited about five minutes for it to depart, and about 20-25 minutes later we arrived at Harrah's.Leaving Las Vegas was a different story. We called 24 hours in advance and were given a pickup time 3 1/2 hours prior to our flight. I thought this was excessive, but fine. We were told to be at the pickup area at 9:10 a.m. We arrived at exactly 9:10 and there was no shuttle. A man on the curb told us our shuttle had left about 10 minutes earlier. Despite having a passenger list and knowing there were others coming, the driver instead chose to leave early.So we waited, and waited, finally called and were told another shuttle wouldn't be around until 10:10. At 10:25 our shuttle finally showed up, and the guy was rushing everyone and being an absolute jerk, apparently because he was upset that he was running late.It's a great money-saver leaving the airport, but drop the extra money for the cab to go back, otherwise you're at their mercy and they seriously couldn't care less.
1	Don't bother using this service!  Like another reviewer, I bought my vegas package with travelocity.  when i got to vegas, went to gray line customer service desk - RUDE! and won't give you the time of day.  Even if we pre paid for service, they refused since we did not have a printed out voucher, even though we had on our iphone and gave them the voucher number.  we ended up paying again using the shuttle next door.  Gray Line really SUCKS!
1	DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE! The Better Business Bureau has an F for this company. They lost my carry-on suitcase between the airport and the hotel, and they NEVER responded to even acknowledge the loss. We should all spread the word about these misconducts, and stop this consumer bullying.
4	People if your going to Vegas and want to save a couple of $$$, make sure to get the round trip shuttle with Gray Line.  It was $13.  When you compare it to a taxi ride of $20 each way, $40 total, its easy to determine the clear winner.  Plus the drivers are fairly friendly/helpful and try to be funny.
1	I wish I'd read these reviews before I bought a round-trip ticket on Gray Line Airport Shuttle in Las Vegas. Do NOT buy a round-trip ticket. ($13).As instructed, we called 24 hours beforehand to book our shuttle back to the airport and spent 6 minutes on hold doing so. (Goodbye pre-paid phone minutes!) Along with another couple (independent of us) we stood outside our hotel (Flamingo) for 20 minutes before the shuttle was due to 30 minutes afterward, and there was no sign of it. We were advised by another shuttle company captain to take pay for a different shuttle company ride and try and get reimbursed by Gray Line. We did this as we didn't want to miss our flight.At the airport, we stopped by the Gray Line booth and were given forms we could submit by mail for a refund. We've sent those off, so we'll see if we get a refund. It would have been nice if they could have issued a refund there and then.The original trip from the airport to the Flamingo went well, but be aware they go to several other hotels first before yours, unless you're lucky enough to be first on the list. Gray Line Airport Shuttles need to seriously assess their operations. DO NOT USE THEM.**Update: After submitting an application by mail, I did receive a refund for the one-way portion of the ticket. I think for the hassle, they should have given me a complete refund. **
