5	The owner of this company (who is A rated by the Better Business Bureau at this writing) is Deborah Antonetti.  She does not do remediation, but just the testing.  This is important because there is no conflict of interest. I chose her to test my mother's house to encourage my mother to have some repairs done.  Deborah was very kind and compassionate with both me and with my mother about what needed to be done.  It took some time, but after finally having the remediation done by another company, we chose her to do the closeout testing.She was able to schedule us very quickly and arrived right on time.  She was quick with getting the results back to us (which, at this time, are just fine).  She also gave us the information that the remediation companies are now required by the Registrar of Contractors to provide a 2 year warrantee on their work (excluding new water damage).  I would not have known this, and would not have have thought to ask about including this.I appreciate Deborah's integrity and work ethic and highly recommend her to anyone who needs to have a mold inspection done.
5	Just like most homeowners or tenants I have used a lot professional home services over the years. Unfortunately a few months ago I suspected mold in my kitchen and I needed someone with experience in the mold industry to inspect and educate me on what was going on and if I even had mold at all. So I did some homework on the BBB website and I found Espree Mold Testing and the great thing is that they were a local company here in Phoenix. Now my expectations were pretty high knowing they were registered with the BBB and I have to say they exceeded my expectations by far because not only were they punctual and professional they also educated me on what was going on in my kitchen and where the mold was located.   When the mold technician told me they would have my results back to me ASAP I thought a few days, but no way the next day I got the email, so they were very fast and professional and they kept to there word. I don't know about you but this day in age and the economy we are in you may encounter a business that would give you false results to obtain your business. Well that was definitely not the case with Espree Mold Testing. I saw the actual report and was backed up by a consulting PhD.  I don't know about you, but honesty and truthfulness in #1 in my book especially when it comes to protecting my family's health. So my thanks to Espree Mold Testing for doing a great job, I would recommend using Espree for home mold inspection.
5	Deborah, the owner, is great, she was very professional and worked with me every way she could to make sure I was taken care of.  I had a leak from my second floor shower and it came through the ceiling.  She tested everything and followed up with me throughout the process to make sure I understood what was going on.  If I ever have a mold problem again she will be the one I call.
5	The best place to start with this review:  outstanding service.  I recently had Deborah from Espree out to a property my buyer clients were purchasing.  The home had recently had a leak in the garage, and also had a basement that raised mold concerns for the buyers.  There turned out to be no mold related to the basement or garage leak, but through a visual inspection Deborah found two other areas that concerned her, and after lab testing confirmed that both of the areas she found had mold.  In addition to her keen eye was her level of service, explaining the process and concerns with the clients.  I have been selling homes for 14 years and have worked with other mold inspection companies, but after working with Espree I will no longer consider any other!
1	BE WARNED: DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY, they are a complete sham. The owner came out to do a mold testing for me in a house that had prior mold issues. She quoted me $140 for testing NEVER MENTIONING any other fees even though she knew I wanted air samples. She did not even use her easy to use moisture meter UNTIL MY REALTOR ASKED at the end of her test, which then she went and did on the bottom baseboard area which makes no sense as the water breach came from above the basement walls from the ground level. She then proceeded to tell me I would need 5 air samples which made ZERO sense as I specifically requested a sample from the known area of mold. She kept insisting it wouldn't be valid because of air returns, to which I replied that if there's mold indication there, I don't need to know about the rest of the house (which had no problems with water, just the basement). After realizing I wasn't falling for her scam (which would have been an addition $290), she agreed to taking only 2 samples, from the known breached area and outside. What a waste of money. You live and learn, but I had to pay to learn what a scam she was. I never do yelp reviews but I hope to spare someone else from using her because not only did she not know what she was doing (she missed a water breached area that my general inspector caught 2 days later), but she's a complete rip off. Be warned, I'm not a disgruntled customer as this is clear and simple mold testing, I'm an educated consumer who just wants others to know that you will NOT be getting quality testing or honesty.
5	Called Espree and was able to arrange an inspection very quickly. The inspector (owner) is very  nice, you can tell very knowledgeable, and used meters to detect moisture without me asking. I had found a concerning area that she confirmed was "moldy" and discovered two sites that I had not known about. These were serious and the homeowner needed to address before selling.  Spend the money to live in a clean new home. Will be calling her in the future. Her rates for samples are very reasonable.
5	When I first found out there was mold in the ceiling of my house, I didn't know what to do. This was my first house I had ever bought and to find out that there was yet another issue made me want to just give up. I contacted other companies and they said they would not / could not service my area. Upon finding Espree online and contacting Deborah, she said her company services the area I live in ((for an additional fee, but that was fine with me, they were willing to drive an hour+ to get to me)). When she arrived to do the initial air testing, she was very professional and made me feel at ease right away. She was very friendly and answered my questions, putting my concerns to rest. She walked me through the entire process from start to finish, always keeping me in the loop of what was going on. I will be recommending her company, as well as the the construction company she suggested, to all anyone who asks me about their services. Thank you so much Deborah!
