5	This is my favorite yoga studio of the Valley.  Worth the drive down to Chandler.  Not at all trendy.  The teachers here are fantastic and down to earth.  The prices are reasonable.  I prefer the atmosphere of this studio to At One.  I feel the classes at Inner Vision are much more connected to what yoga is all about.  All the teachers are great, but Kat is my favorite.
5	I tried out Inner Vision when I was home for the holidays and I was very impressed. I went to a 7am heated class with Josh. The class style was similar to the traditional Bikram sequence, but the room wasn't quiet as hot. Josh was an excellent teacher - very grounded, and calming with a soothing voice. The class was small, only 6 or so people, and the studio was clean and tranquil. I would recommend the new student deal for anyone curious to try it out. I hope to go back whenever I am in Arizona again!
5	I took my first class at Inner Vision the other day.  It was Level 1 with Marina.  She happened to be at the front desk when I checked in, so she showed me where everything was (where to put my shoes, bathrooms).  I get nervous going somewhere for the first time, and that was helpful.  We were in the room that faces the lake.  I enjoyed Marina and will be going back.  I would like to try some more classes.  I wish there was something like this in Peoria!
4	i have been practicing on and off at inner vision since jan 2008. i had to stop running due to knee pain and decided that yoga would be the way forward. i did a 6 month unlimited package and was not dissapointed. two of the owners Jeff and Michelle are some of the best teachers i have ever had. the other teachers there are great as well especially Josh who likes to get really philosophical and pulls it off without sounding pompous.michelle's sunday afternoon yin/relax class is like dessert at the end of a weekend. you will never be as relaxed and ready for the week as when you take this class.
5	Inner Vision has yoga classes for all levels and all moods--getting a good workout, moving some muscles before meditating, or stretching, relaxing and leaving stress behind. Not a mediocre teacher in the bunch--they are all wonderful! Monday night in Chandler Yin/Relax with Patricia makes the rest of my week go a lot smoother.
4	At Inner Vision Yoga you'll find a wide range of classes including hot yoga, prenatal yoga, kids yoga, kundalini, and flow; warm, enthusiastic instructors; clean, accommodating environment.  If you pay by the class, you can certainly find a studio that is more affordable, but their packages and discounts for new students seem to keep them fairly competitive.  My favorite thing about Inner Vision is certainly their variety, though.  From entry-level to extremely challenging, and all those styles I mentioned above plus more.*My review is for the Tempe location.  Inner Vision has a Chandler location, as well, but I've not been there.
5	I've been going to the Yin and Relax classes for stretching and stress reduction for two years. I have tried other studios and never felt as great as I do at IVY. I own three businesses and after a hard, taxing day I love to come release my tension here where the instructors are highly in tuned to your personal needs. My daughter loves to come to the kids classes and with me sometimes. Kids have stress too and yoga helps
4	I like both locations. Tempe is super convenient, and the Chandler studio offers lake views from the large (windowed) classroom. I prefer level 1-2, level 2, and flow classes, averaging about 3 classes a week, to get my money's worth of the monthly auto-pay for $119. Having practiced at Inner Vision for about two years, my physical and mental wellbeing has drastically improved! I now can do many difficult postures, including inversions and tricky arm balances.I would go more often if they offered intermediate-level classes more frequently in the evenings and weekends with my preferred instructors (some level 1-2 instructors are too easy, and I dislike one popular instructor). I definitely have a short list of favorites, but everyone is at a different level, and they do their best to cater to all. Overall, I highly recommend.
4	I'm glad I found this studio, even though it isn't all that convenient for me. That is such a theme in my reviews... most things I like aren't very close to me. I've only been to the Chandler location. It has one large studio that looks out over a pond, and one smaller studio, which gets a bit claustrophobic, when the class is crowded.My favorite thing about the studio is that there are a wide array of classes for every skill level, and at a variety of times.  I actually counted up all course offerings between the two studios, and there truly are over 100 classes offered per week. I was also skeptical about the legitimacy of the introductory-special $29 unlimited for two weeks package...  I thought that was just advertising and would somehow have a catch... but turns out some things that sound too good to be true actually turn out to be true!  I make no claims to be a great yogi... in fact, my "mountain" crumbles, and my "tree" pose frequently loses its limbs... but I like that Inner Vision tends to be judgment-free, particularly in the lower-level courses.  I can experience the benefits of a yoga practice without feeling like I need to impress everyone.  On the whole, I have liked most of the teachers, though there is a lot of variety between instructors.  My chief complaint is that they allow each instructor to choose their own music for class.  Use your imagination there.  I've heard a wide array of music used in classes here.  Also, sometimes you have to wait to use the restroom facilities because there is only one stall. Bring your own water bottle, as they do not sell water there.  They do provide water to refill with, in order to encourage reusable containers. Mat rentals are available at a $3 charge, so it's much better to bring your own.  They offer pretty decent package rates, relatively speaking... but the individual class rate is a steep $18.
5	I practiced at Inner Vision for two and a half years and loved it. I mostly took Hot Yoga & Yin / Restorative Classes. The teachers are excellent, very well trained, willing to make adjustments, and provide very personalized care and attention. They really care about their students and help them to develop in their practice. The two studios are well kitted out and most of the rooms are bright and airy. They offer some great weekend workshops too bringing in people like Paul Grilley and David Bercelli. I just relocated from Phoenix and I can honestly say that in my new home town I have not been able to find a studio that comes close to compare with Inner Vision in terms of the sense of community & caring and the excellent instruction. I really miss it.
4	Enjoyed the class I took here.  Competent and educated teachers.  My only complaint, I left my flip flops and I think someone accidentally took mine and left theirs, which were the same shoes, but a different size.  Weird.
5	My yoga has improved greatly since taking classes at Inner Vision. wide range of classes, something for everyone.
5	Top notch instructors, congenial environment, very well run business. I've been to a lot of studios and this one is at the top of the list.
5	I started going to innervision back in 2009 to 'help' with recovery from a shoudler injury.  At that time I was an avid weight lifter/ basketball player who had a very narrow view of yoga.  I thought it would give me a good stretch and light workout to help build me back up to benching 315 and squatting 8 plates.  Little did I know it would slowly change my mind and body from the inside out.  This place has helped me dramatically improve flexiblility, balance, stamina, body awareness, core strength, and mental focus.  The teachers here are phenomenol because they are genuinely in love with yoga and want to share it with the world.  They offer the entire spectrum of modern yoga classes from yin(relaxed stretching) to power and ashtanga styles.  I go to whichever classes fits into my schedule for the week and always leave feeling replenished regardless.  This studio has it all!
5	I've been going here off and on for about 5 years. It's the best yoga studio I've ever been to.They offer a variety of classes, from Yin (relax), level 1-2, heated and a few for advanced yogi's.What seperates this place is the instructors, they really live the yoga philosophy and it shows. They love being teachers.My favourite instructors are Aaron, Jeff, Josh and Marie.They have lots of classes at a lot of times they even have kids yoga three times a week. You can bring your kids for about 8 dollars a class and do a class yourself in the other studio.they now have another location in tempe.
5	Love this place
5	I love this place. Yoga is a great way to relieve stress, get stronger, healthier, and I always leave feeling so good. The instructors are wonderful. Every class is different which makes it fun. I wish I had the time and money to go everyday.
5	I've been practicing yoga for several years now, have tried many studios, and this place, BY FAR, has been my favorite.  Hands down.  I'm getting sad writing this review because I've recently moved out-of-state and miss it so much.There is SUCH a variety of classes and teachers.  So many different styles and levels of yoga, plus tons of workshops and teacher training opportunities.  My personal favorite teachers are Marie, Josh, and Maredith... they are incredible and inspirational, and always made me feel better both spiritually and physically.  At one point I was driving past 4 closer yoga studios just to take one of their classes... because they're that good!Convenient class times, fair pricing, informative website, lovely staff, and good locations.  Appropriate and helpful adjustments, plus the occasional massage pre-savasana.  Learned something new or bettered myself every class.Thanks Inner Vision, I'll miss ya!
5	Every teacher gives me exactly what I need, everytime I go.  A physical or emotional or a spiritual lift. Love this place.
4	It really makes a difference going to a yoga studio with an instructor that knows what they are doing.  I have practiced yoga at gyms, through videos, and at a bikram studio, but Inner Vision yoga was perfect for my level.  The instructor for Flow (I don't remember her name) was so good I think it ended up being my best flow practice ever.  The Yin and Restorative classes leave me feeling like I am floating on air and like I could run a marathon at the same time.  The have a great new members deal when you sign up.   The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is that I can't afford to attend regularly.  Otherwise amazing!
1	I went into inner vision and the man at the desk was soooo rude I was shocked. He was kind if an older fellow with salt and pepper hair, I think he is one of the owners but wouldn't swear to it. Anyway, I've always thought of the place as this calm zen kinda place but this guy sent such a negative "get the hell out of here" vibe I'll never be back. There are so many yoga places springing up customer service with a smile is very important. I personally will take my practice to Sumits.
5	The best yoga place around...Been going for a few years now and I wouldn't switch..The teachers are inspiring and make sure you get the poses right in order to make sure you don't hurt yourself. There are classes for when I am in the mood for power and when I am in the mood to meditate more.  LOVE them...
4	After a melanoma diagnosis, 2 surgeries, 3 weeks of chemotherapy resulting in bronchitis and a thyroid that is a hot mess I came to Inner Vision. Things have turned around partially on the health front but the residuals of the wide excision continue to confound the teachers on how to modify back poses so I am not in excruciating pain. I am trying to schedule some individual training time to see if I can get this resolved
4	I have been coming to Inner Vision Yoga for the past two months and love it. I love that there is a variety of yoga classes and especially ones after 6PM so that I can go after work. It is expensive but it is definitely worth it. The benefits are endless. The only problem I have is the parking lot is always full and busy since it is shared with other businesses so you have to get there early to find a parking spot.
5	One of the best studios around town...I've tried several places.  The instructors are great, and they will explain poses/postures as you go... I would pay full price to come here...that's how good they are!
5	After I leave IVY I feel like I've gone through a month of therapy, had a whole body massage, and taken a shower from the inside out. This place is truly the real deal - what I mean is that I've been doing yoga since I was 15 years old and have practiced in lots of different places (different states) with different teachers and different ways of teaching. What I like is that Inner Vision really allows you to "train your mind by training your body." They stay away from a lot of "hype" and they have really REALLY good teachers at both locations. I've been going to IVY since 2011 and have tried other places around the valley. Other yoga studios aren't bad, by any means, but I feel like IVY focuses more on holistic healing and less on the physicality of yoga (not that you are not going to advance physically... In fact I've never been stronger than when I attended yoga class 2-3x week). But they don't just treat it like its "just exercise or stretching."  Also, everyone is super nice. I've never felt ignored or treated poorly. A lot of the teachers will get to know you by name (and the areas you may need more help). If you have questions, best thing to do is go a few minutes early (before a class you want to try) or to call. Everyone is very helpful.
5	I LOVE IVY! Great instructors, great classes - variety and healing. The different classes offer different styles of yoga for needs based on now. Today I may need relaxing and tomorrow I may need challenging. They have it all in a comfortable, warm environment.
