4	Went for breakfast here this morning and I would give the resto an A+ for food presentation, quality, and variety, but a C for service. What hit my hubby off to a bad start right away was what we like to call "selfish seating". Despite one or two  private spots being available, we were seated in between a group of 6 on the left and a bellowing couple on the right. The tables are very small so there simply wasn't a comfortable amount of space. I, personally, didn't mind it so much because as soon as the group left, our waitress slid their table over to ours so we had more room. I thought that was a nice gesture. Unfortunately we had to ask three separate times for a glass of water. They failed on this one. We ended up leaning over to the bus boy and asked him.... was pretty bad.The menu is great. A little pricy, but the food is good. I orded the Bene L'Oeufrier, Eggs Benedict with asparagus/ham/Swiss cheese, home potatos, and a lovely side plate of fruits. This was $14.99 but I'd say a very good meal. Hubby orded a basic egg/bacon/creton meal for $9.99, he enjoyed it. They have great smoothies, I was surprised how fresh it was considering this time of year. They come in an adorable mason jar. Smoothies are $4.95. Hubby reported that the espresso was pretty good too.Overall, my hubby was quite turned off and said he wouldn't go back, however *I strongly disagree*. I enjoyed the breakfast and I guess I was just in a better mood. I would go back and I think it is return worthy. Thank you for reading!
1	I was appalled by the lack of flexibility on the part of the management with regard to dietary restrictions. One of our party of 9 adults asked for a salad since they are a strict vegan and the management would not serve any vegetables in the form of a salad at lunchtime on the weekend, even though they clearly had vegetables on the premises. Furthermore, when asked if we could eat our own avocado, we were told that there would be a charge for giving a plate!!!! I do believe the server felt terrible that one guest could not be accommodated at all. With the number of people with allergies and health concerns, I am flabbergasted that a new restaurant such as this could have such a rigid and disrespectful attitude towards a patron.Needless to say, we won't be back.
4	The owners all always in house and although they sometimes help set tables and run food, they always put effort in to be in-touch with the customers. The male owner entertained me while I waited for my friends to show up by busting the bus boy (shawn)'s balls. My first time here I had the St Laurent (breakfast poutine with Swiss cheese, smoked meat and eggs Benedict) and it was 1. huge 2. Delicious. The waitress herself left a little to be desired. No check in ice we had our food, didn't monitor out drinks, slow with the bills because she was chatting with staff etc.
