5	Now on ST. rose pkwy I believe.  I have 2 sets of Wisdom teeth that had to be removed!  He did a GREAT Job!!!  I have a fear of dental work, and getting teeth pulled really was not what I wanted to do with my time off.  He is VERY good at explaining what needs to be done and making you feel comfortable.  I was sedated and had my teeth pulled and I've healed with slight discomfort only because of the nature of having soo many teeth pulled.   I will say that I wasn't in "pain".  I highly reccomend Ryan Gibson!
5	Wisdom tooth removed in a flash! Didn't opt for sedation and it wasn't bad at all! Dr give courtesy call after office hours to check up on pt, never had that before!
5	We were referred to Dr. Gibson's office via our dentist for my daughter's required tooth removal.  Upon arrival the front desk staff greeted us in the most professional manner and after we completed the routine paperwork and in timely fashion we were directed to Dr. Bryce D. Leavitt for the consultation.  Dr. Leavitt didn't let us leave until we understood all the options available to us with no pressure.  We left the office in confidence that we would use him for the procedure after interviewing 2 other surgeons.  Our intuition was dead on as Dr. Leavitt spent all the necessary time before during and after the procedure to make sure my daughter was comfortable.  In fact there was a minor issue and he had us come in after hours to remedy the situation instead of coming in the next business day.   This kind of service is rare and you can feel very comfortable with Dr. Leavitt as we will absolutely go back to in the future and highly recommend him to anyone needing oral or implant surgery.I would also like to say that the entire support staff is friendly and highly professional.
5	We were referred to Dr. Leavitt by our dentist to have wisdom teeth removed.  I have never seen a doctor and his staff be so caring to their patients.  My boyfriend was debating between going under anesthesia or not for the procedure and Dr. Leavitt gave him all his options and made sure he understood everything before proceeding with treatment.  After the anesthesia my boyfriend was very loopy and the doctor helped us get him out to the car and made sure to give us his cell phone number to be reached for any emergencies.  I would highly recommend Dr. Leavitt for any dental needs!!
5	I was referred to Dr Leavitt by my dentist for removal of my wisdom teeth.  I have an extreme phobia of dentists so this was not an easy thing for me to do.  Dr Leavitt and his staff didn't make me feel ashamed of my fears but did all they could to make me feel comfortable.  They explained everything they were doing.  After the procedure Dr. Leavitt gave me his personal cell number if I needed anything.  They helped me out to the car and ensured I was good to go.  Dr Leavitt called me that night to check on me.  I would definitely recommend this office and staff to everyone.  They are the best.  I wish I could give them 10 stars they deserve it!
5	I had one impacted wisdom tooth removed by Dr. Leavitt. I found him to be very caring and genuine. He recommended a more precise cat scan to locate a nerve that could numb my face and lip prior to the surgery. The surgery was a breeze. I woke up a half hour later with no pain and felt like I could've drove home. I was back in the office the next morning. After 3-4 days, I was back to normal food. I never had to take one pain killer. Just the ibuprofen they provided. Very impressed with Dr. Leavitt.
5	Dr Leavitt is great! Very thorough. He shows sincere concern and care for his patients. The office staff is equally as helpful and friendly.  I highly recommend  this office!
5	Friendly people and the place is clean. I had my wisdom teeth removed on the day, and at night the doctor personally called to check up on me. That's very nice. As far as I know this is the only place that does it. Highly recommend this place! :]
5	After spending a week searching for a good wisdom teeth surgeon, I found Dr. Gibson. Dr. Gibson was the only 5 star surgeon in Las Vegas so I made an appointment with him. My consultation visit went really well. Dr. Gibson explained the surgery procedure in detail and had me get ready for my surgery. On the day of my surgery I was super nervous because I have needle phobia and this was my first anesthesia so he made sure that I was comfortable and calm. I don't remember much after I went to sleep and I barely remember anything when I woke up but after the surgery I had no bleeding no swelling no pain and no other issues. Dr. Gibson called me 4 hours after the surgery to know how I was doing. I'm so thankful for him because this was the easiest and the best dentist visit I've ever had.
5	Great experience with my 8 year old daughter for an emergency fused tooth extraction. We saw Dr Leavitt and he thoroughly explained the process and made her feel comfortable even though she was in extreme pain during the consultation. Turned a horrible experience from another office into a great one in less than 12 hours! We are both so thankful for him and the wonderful staff.
