5	3 things I would like to thank Mac for:1) Being the best make-up a girl can ever have2) This location having the friendliest/most persuasive staff that always twists my arm into making purchases that I don't feel guilty about when I get home3) Making sure that no one calls out the dogs on me or that I scare off any men when I hit the club....wait....sometimes those two are one in the same...oh well...
1	I just have to say that I find this MAC location very lacking in customer service and knowledge of their products. As a MUA I am always in the know of new products and lines, especially by name brands such as MAC. I went last week in to see when they would launch the new Indulge collection and the girl did not even know what I was talking about. Ok, understandable. The manager informed me it was launching in stores next Thursday. Today, on the day of the launch, I went as soon as Macy's opened. 10am. When I got to the MAC counter there was no one in sight. I waited and waited. After about 10 to 15 minutes a nice woman from the Estee Lauder counter came and assisted me as much as she could. Since there was no display for the new fall collection, it was hopeless. So she told me she was going to check in the back where the girls were at to see if they could assist me. Before going to the back she asked the cosmetics department manager and the manager said they were not getting that shipment. First, they weren't knowledgable about their own lines.Second, it is very unprofessional how they weren't even available at the open of the store!Third, they are not even up to date on their own products like every other MAC store! Thank Goodness for fashion show! They were prepared as expected.
1	Im so mad! Went in purchased a few items and had 6 disposable in exchange for a lipstick. She put the wrong lipstick (ruby woo )which I already have! I did not notice until I wanted to use my new lipstick. Went in today and tried to exchange the lipstick for the correct one and was denied! This location needs to be more organized with their customers products! I will not recommended this location to anyone!!!!!
2	On several occasions I have came to this counter and they did not have my products in stock. Not only that, I can COMPLETELY agree with a previous post that the MUA do not know much about their products. It really is such a dissapointment considering MAC has an outstanding reputation in the makeup industry therefor it is sad when these employees fail to show their skills on themselves and any clients coming in.I am from Los Angeles and I am so used to going into any MAC store or counter that is well stocked, well informed and knowledgable about their products, and the MUA always looking fantastic.I am giving two stars because this isn't the worst MAC counter I have encountered. It does seem clean and I have seen MUA santizing products.I have been approached (not greeted) but I have experienced their customer service and it truly only does lack knowledge about products and skills to be used with their products. But, to any makeup junkie like myself that can be a really big deal.It is very small and can get a little overcrowded at times (during weekends) Dont remember any MUA names and *Also they accept your empty containers but only in exchange for a lipstick.Venetian MAC store will give you a lipstick, eyeshadow, or lipgloss.
2	This counter inside Macys I needs to train their employees a little better. I went into the store to get a few items for my freelance kit. A nice young lady helped me with the products and the person behind the counter is where my experience went down hill.. The nice young lady put my things behind the counter and I continued to browse to see if I wanted anything else while she applied makeup to someone else. When I was done I waited in line to pay for my things and when it was my turn the person behind the counter had an nasty attitude as if I was not going to buy anything. ( I was dressed in my work uniform)  I asked about a future collection that knew was coming out  and the person acted as if  they knew nothing so I'm like I already know it's coming out you don't have to lie. After that I asked for another item to add and when they thought that was all I was purchasing the attitude was even nastier. They were even talking and laughing with someone at the other counter while I was asking about a product. Then when I said all those other things are mine as well the whole attitude changed after I purchased over 200 dollars... I felt like I was be discriminated against by this person. If I didn't really need the products for a project I would have left them right there. I will never go back to this one again!!! The pro shop is way better it is busy but the customer service way better
