4	Zizzi's is an often overlooked Italian restaurant group, particularly with the dominance of this area by Pizza Express.  I visited their restaurant on Fountain Quay a couple of year's ago, and had a very enjoyable evening.The location is the first aspect of this restaurant that is striking.  It is situated at the canal basin that marks the end of the Union Canal, which links Edinburgh to Falkirk.  This area was developed relatively recently, and befits the fashionable image that people would now associate with the Fountainbridge area of Edinburgh.  The building that houses the restaurant is primarily glass in construction, and this affords diners a great view of the canal basin and the moored boats.The food is particularly good.  Prices are comparable to its competitors, and the quality of the food is great.  I was there as part of a large group, and never at one point did I feel that anything was taking too long, or did I impatiently have to catch the eye of the waiting staff.  The kitchen feels like part of the restaurant, and if you're looking hard enough, you can actually see your meal coming together.This is a great restaurant.  It's a shame that it doesn't get more attention, and I would recommend it as a great meal out along the same lines as Pizza Express.
4	Zizzi is one of those places you never really plan on going to. I've recently had to relocate to the Fountain Court apartments that sit across the canal from here and we decided to grab some food. We had our 2 month old in tow and the short distance appealed...I can honestly say that I enjoyed every minute of the Zizzi experience (in the past I've never been that fussed). The pasta was super fresh and full of flavour, the staff were amazingly helpful and they even had some guest Italian beers on, which for a chain shows a nice commitment to choice.It'll never be a world beater, but don't rule out Zizzi for a decent Italian  meal.
4	yes, zizzi is a chain but there is nothing wrong with giving a chain restaurant a good review if they provide good service and tasty food.  this is exactly what this zizzi did for eight hungry people on this past friday night. after being told we couldn't order food in hyde out (for reasons unknown to us as the cook was clearly making food in the kitchen) we headed to the next closest option and lucky for us it was this zizzi.  we we first came in the waiter that greeted us seemed a bit put out that there were eight of us for a table without reservations (although they were only moderately busy with empty tables available).  luckily for us the guy set a table anyway and we were shown to it with our drink orders taken by a lovely and friendly waitress.i really have to compliment the waitress on her service for us.  she was lovely and polite and helpful the entire time, checking on us after the food arrived but not constantly being around or disappearing for long lengths of time.  after such poor service at hyde out i was really pleased that this girl was so attentive and friendly, well done to zizzi for hiring her!the food was also very lovely.  we had an assortment of garlic breads to start, my favourite being the tomato with pesto although the garlic bread with cheese was also quite tasty.  i had a rustica pizza for my main with auberinge, rocket, olives, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms (which i'd subsituted for the peppers) drizzled with pesto.  it was awesome!! and the perfect thing to line my tummy for the drinks to come in the night ahead.  i also shared a really lovely sauvigon blanc that was fruity and fresh and so enjoyable :)so yes a chain restuarant, but this place had good quality food and good service.    it's a bit of a shame that it's tucked away behind cargo but this didn't seem to stop people from finding it.  so well done zizzi for proving that chain restaurants can also provide a lovely and tasty meal.
4	I went here on Saturday to meeting with the only people that I would generally goto such a place with, with my Parents, sister, brother in law and their two kids. This is because if I'm eating out - I want to go somewhere special (preferably somewhere that does beer) and also because they were paying, I was pretty much ok with it.Food is good. Pretty wheat heavy. Pizza, pasta, garlic bread etc - luckily I'd just been out on a long ride so was feeling like I deserved it. I had some weird half calzone. It was good though! There is a lot of spice going on in their stuff sometimes though which I'm not 100% happy with. Sometimes it just seems to be a bit OTT. However the staff are great, they don't mind kids, it's big enough that I don't mind the fact that there are kids, and it's in a central location. So - basically - good for a quick lunch etc, but I ain't taking a date here.
