4	Francis & Sons bought the car wash where Arizona Auto Wash used to be, and I've been impressed by the improvements ever since.  As a residential Realtor, I drive a lot, which means I need car washes more regularly, too.  The quality of the wash at Francis & Sons seems to be better than most, and I think the service is friendlier, too.  I would definitely check them out if you're in the area.
4	I'm a Realtor and owner of Myriad Real Estate Group, also on Yelp, and I have individuals in my car all the time. Due to this fact it is important to me to have a clean car. Even though this location is right across the street from my office I had dismissed them when it was Arizona Auto Wash. Once they were purchased by Francis and Sons I decided to give them another chance. The fact that they were giving out free washes at the time may have had something to do with that. With the new ownership they also have all new employees and they do a fantastic job. They've also updated and repaired their facilities so your car actually gets cleaned. They offer great deals online and the order taker often times will negotiate on price. If you haven't been in a while or are new to the area give these guys a chance, I'm sure you wont be disappointed.
4	My car hasn't been this clean in a long time. The services provided for the amount of money paid was great. Vacuum, automatic car wash,and hand finish both inside and out. They washed the interior windows (got the dog nose prints off), the rearview mirror, and cleaned all the interior surfaces. All of this for only $20! I got the Ultimate Wash because hey, it was $5 off and why not right? I will go back every time my car needs a wash. Great value
4	I bought a Groupon for for a good price.  I went in on a Saturday afternoon, which I knew would be busier. I felt I needed a bit more interior cleaning.  I negotiated a more thorough interior clean including the mats.  This cost $30.00.  I waited an extremely long time.  I understand that good work takes time, but an hour?  I found that to be ridiculous.  However, once I got into my car, I was AMAZED at how clean my car was.  Absolutely spotless.  I have an older model car and like many folks nowadays, I practically live in my car.  They did spectacular work.So, if you have the time, it's worth the wait. But EXPECT to WAIT a long time.  Especially on weekends.
5	Absolutely a great place.. I have been coming here for a while to get my car cleaned. Today I woke up to find someone scratched the hell out of my car, I took it in, and they were able to wet sand it and buff it out to almost perfect. They were amazing and I was a basket case because the car is brand new and the entire passenger side hood was beat. Did a great job. Bottom line is that I will continue to use this place for years to come
1	I wasn't very pleased with the overall job of my car. I bought the ultimate wash with the 7 day guarantee. my car was pretty dirty but it said it would leave my car VERY clean. I get in and it wasn't fully vacuumed and it looked like they hadn't even wiped the car fully down inside. I showed the woman and she said if have to go back to the front. needless to say I'm not going back.
5	Great service!! These guys are awesome! Really good deal for a full service wash too!
1	I had never been overly impressed with the service or quality of the work done here, but my last visit has made me afraid to return.  I purchased a voucher for three car washes, and I have one left but I'll probably just give it away.  I took my older hatchback car in for the first wash and it was cleaned, but nothing outstanding.  For the second wash I took in my brand new SUV.  As soon as I arrived I was approached by a guy offering to fix the chips in my windshield.  Um, there aren't any.  I find these "sharks" really annoying and don't want to be bothered by them.  When they were finished "cleaning" I went to get in and immediately saw that they didn't bother to clean the cup holder in the center console or the inside of the drivers door, but was shocked to find the speaker on the passengers door hanging down!  I pointed it out to the girl and she motioned for the manager who brushed it off as something that happens all the time and popped it back into place.  He didn't even apologize.  Sorry, but that is not something that "just happens" on a new vehicle.  When I got home I discovered water spots all over the exterior and I had to wipe it down myself, as well as clean the interior.  They never bothered to open the hatchback and vacuum the back either.  I definitely won't be back, even though it's the closest car wash to my house.  It's just not worth having my vehicle damaged.
5	Great place to bring your car for an oil change, car wash, or detail! I've been coming here for probably over a year now at least, and they've always done a great job at all three for me and my vehicles.
3	I HAD to get my SUV washed and this location being close to the house was easiest.  I had seen 2 fairly negative posts on yelp, but figured I've used this place many times over the past 26 years I've lived in the area and never had a serious problem so why not?  Upon arrival I told the order taker of my concerns about the reviews and he seemed genuinely concerned.  I bought the ultimate for $28.99 which after the on-line coupon was $23.99.  Overall the job was pretty good, but I noticed that the guys wiping down the vehicles after the wash were way too busy talking with each other and seemed to be only going through the motions of cleaning the vehicle at the end.  I was satisfied overall, but when I got home I noticed plenty of dirt still behind the lift gate handle and rear wiper while I was returning my toolbox to the cargo area and immediately notice the windshield had spots upon leaving.  While I understand that this is not a great job for a young man and you cannot expect perfection, I would expect some supervision of which there is none.  With tip I spent $34 today and the truck was not overly clean.  This is not a good situation for this business or it's customers.  I don't think it unreasonable to expect a better job for what I spent.  Sorry guys, but you get a C- in my book.  I will continue to use the location, but this owner and manager need to start doing their job.  This is how businesses fail.  The little things in the current economy  really make a difference.  Good luck!
1	I had my Jeep washed here twice, the first time they did their detailing job which was overpriced at 89.00, the treatments they put on the exterior washed off in the rain two days later leaving streaks all over the place. This last time I made the mistake of leaving a set of Bose earphones worth $145.00 on the console and an audio cable worth $10.00 on the dashboard, and the attendant doing the cleaning obviously figured they needed them more than I did. In short don't trust this operation. Mesa location!
1	Don't come to this location! Bad customer service I specifically asked for a hand wash then they ran it through the machine!
1	Uhhh will never go here again. Just got out of my car and saw that they don't even bother to clean my windows let alone lift my wipers to clean under. Plus my inside is dirty. Will never go back again.
4	Came here on a Friday midday.  My Tahoe had major water-spots on it from my sprinklers.  I told the guy I had 1:30.  He put 3 people to work on my vehicle and got the full detail completed within time.  These guys are good.
3	Because of it's close proximity to my house, I decided to give it another try (with Groupon pricing.)  Went in shortly after they opened so I didn't have to wait long at all.  After having been to some other car washes, I've learned not to have high expectations.  My car was basically clean although the drivers side mirror and window were obviously neglected and left spotty.  Just don't expect excellent service.  Definitely wouldn't pay full price but with discount pricing it's okay.
