5	This salon has just opened but Jay(the owner) is one of the best people to take care of you . My mom and I  have been getting our nails done with Jay for over 10 years and follow her any where ! She remembers every customer and always listens to your suggestions unlike other places who get used to doing the same thing on every customer. She's extremely creative. The salon is very clean and organized very spacious so you don't feel clustered. AMAZING color selection for nail polish and gel.  pedicures are always right on point .... Massages with hot towel are the best . 100% recommend if you're in this area !
5	Best nail salon in town! Ask for Jay, she has been doing my nails for over 8 years! Clean and convenient location!
5	This is the best place to go to get your nails done. Ask for Jay, she always does my nails and she does a great job! Our family goes here and people always ask where we get our nails done. We always refer them to her. The place is newly remodeled and is very clean. Job well done!
5	This Nail & Spa has been open for 4 months & it's really nice.  Jay has a gentle touch.  They have UV lamps inside the desks on each side.  I love the wonderful atmosphere.  Very professional, high tech equipment & friendly staff.  I would recommend this place to everyone. They're very affordable.Open hrs M-F 10am-7pm Sat 11am-6pm Sun 11am-5pm They have a facebook too! https://www.facebook.com/pages/Beautiful-nail-spa/189081624614866?ref=stream
5	Very nice nail salon in the same shopping center as Smith's. VERY CLEAN!! nicely decorated, well lit, and the cleanest salon I have seen.  They use OPI, CND and Gelish products. Prices are in line with everyone else. It was a little quiet when I walked in but I was greeted quickly and promptly directed to a table. I used the bathroom which I always find a good indication of things. Super clean, and I was impressed with the Mary Kay hand scrub at the sink. The service was very good and the woman who did my nails spoke good english. Yes, she was from Vietnam, and she said her english wasn't good, but I was impressed she had learned english on her own by watching TV! They have 6 nail stations and 6 (apx) spa pedicure chairs. They looked super comfortable! I think this place is fairly new, or extremely well cared fo.Very pleasant experience. They use quality products, are businesslike to their customers and I didn't feel rushed.  I would definitely come again and highly recommend this place.  My nails look good and they were a mess!
5	Came to vegas and didn't want to pay ridiculous prices on the strip. My friend and I read the reviews and took a chance. We loved this place one of the best pedi/mani I have gotten by a guy didn't get his name though. They were really nice and I didn't feel like they they were in hurry to get you out of there. My friend got a gel mani and really liked it. I would definitely come back here again. I wish the people were this nice at nail salons in LA.
5	Very clean and not crowded place, so there isn't annoying smell of acetone. The staff is very accommodating and polite. My technician was very gentle on my toe cuticles and really took her time. Feet massage was also great. Definitely will be back :))
1	The worst pedicure I ever had ,nail tech girl skipped many steps and let me walk out with A bad polish and skin still in nails 30 dollars wasted ,had to go some where else! And fix it.
5	I have searched high and low for a good nail place. It seems like whenever I find one, it's usually only 1 nail tech that does good nails., and then they leave.  At beautiful, it doesn't matter who does your nails, they always Look nice. You tell them how you like them, and they do it. Highly recommend this place! (And the entire staff is friendly!)
5	Best mani ever! Gina was friendly and thorough. Shop is clean and comfortable. Manager asked for my name and actually remembered it. Totally going back for my next mani.
5	It was hard to convince my hubby to get a pedi. He finally in and we came to this spot. Omg he is hooked now! He loved it!!!! The staff is super friendly and they do such a good job! I am not from Nevada but this is going to be a must when i come out here!!!!
4	Amazing service & everything is clean! Chris did exactly what I wanted & my nails look perfect. Definitely coming back :)
5	I always go to this nail salon and they always do a great job. But the last time I got my gel manicure it wasn't such a good job. It was lifting after four days. I went back in today and spoke with Jay the owner. And after a conversation with her she gave me a discount for the issue and she did my nails this time herself. Thanks again Jay!!!
5	I just moved to Las Vegas and looked on Yelp for Nail Salon suggestions and came across this one. I saw nothing but good reviews so I went today and got a mani/pedi and they did a great job!! It's nice, clean, and the pricing is also decent. One thing that stuck out to me was the atmosphere and how friendly they are...I've never gotten that much friendliness anywhere else!! So happy I found a great place to go to from now on. I highly recommend this Nail Salon! :)
5	This is the BEST nail salon around! From the moment you step foot in the door the service is top notch! Jay has been doing my nails for 10+ years. She and her entire staff are wonderful! Every customer is treated like a VIP here!
4	Looked on yelp for a nail place near my friend who lives here. Was pleasantly surprised with the service we received.  Prices are good and they take care of you.
5	Just got to Vegas and needed a gel pedicure.  Found Beautiful Nails thru Yelp and am so glad I tried them. My feet look & feel amazing! They are very friendly and accommodating. My hubby came with me and they turned the tv to the college game. That was so cool. I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas :-)
5	Love the girls here they are so Nice and caring. Not only do they do good nails and pedicures they make you feel so comfortable... I've been getting my nails done for years And this is my new favorite spot!
5	Came here based on reviews I saw on Yelp. Andy did my pedicure and if I lived here I would come back because it was fabulous.  I highly recommend coming here if you live here and stopping by if you need a pedicure and your just visiting.
5	The staff is very friendly and professional. Andy did my nails and he did a fabulous job!!! He is very good at his job, and he actually cared that my nails looked perfect! I will definitely go back to have him do my nails. He took his time, even with the massage too! Thanks Andy!!!
4	This is the second time going to a nail salon. And I would say it was alright.. The lady seemed like she was in a hurry though.. But overall, I really like how my nails turned out. It's pretty inexpensive too..
3	The prices are good & there friendly i went in 1st time for a fill probably 1 hr befor they close, the only thing i didn't like was that when she did my fill you can still see the line from before & i hate that cuz i feel everyone sees it . And she didnt fully take the glitter i had from before.
5	The best place for a pedi in Vegas. Always friendly and clean. Have had Roni do my 2nd pedi and will continue to come back and request her. Shes so friendly and does amazing pedicures.. the massage chairs are some of the best ive sat in . :) All great things to say about this place.
