5	Spent a week in Montreal, everyday seeking good French pastries (the sweet, delicately prepared type) - including using the internet and hotel staff recommendations. We kept striking out until we finally found this place on Yelp.  This was WORTH THE TRIP this afternoon, the last day of our special trip to Montreal. We had two pastries plus cappuccino and took two to go for dinner.  Extremely tasty and the staff was friendly.  Place was very clean and had good ambiance.  We HIGHLY recommend for anyone seeking delicious French pastries.   They also served regular food such as salads, soups and sandwiches, but we did not try.GREAT JOB guys, hope to visit next time we are in town.
5	This was near my hotel and was drawn to it simply by walking by the doorway one morning.I went every morning for 4 straight days and by the second day they knew the kind of tea I drank and how I liked it. You walk in and the smell is amazing.However that is nothing to the food and pastry.It's not cheap, but you get 10 times in flavor what you pay for.On my last day I loaded up on the jams and goodies to bring home as gifts and ended up keeping most of what I purchased. My first day home, I woke up and missed my window seat table at Maison Christian Faure, my Earl Gray tea and just about everything else about the place.Find time to visit this wonderful experience in sweet, smell, taste and comfort.
5	Found this place on yelp and it was right around the corner from the hotel I was staying at.  I wanted some french pastry and this place had it.  They had a bunch of fancy stuff but I opted for a chocolate croissant with almond slices on top and some creme filling. Holy crap!!!! Best. Chocolate. Croissant. Ever.
4	Location: Tucked away in the old port, just off St. Paul.Space: You can tell that great care was taken in the design and decor of this space because it's absolutely stunning. When you walk in, you'll notice a beautiful mural depicting the days of Montreal past. Similarly, there is another mural located inside the shop. Yes, the place is mostly white and may come across as sterile to some, however, all that white is contrasted with beautiful pops of color that peek out from behind the displays... Displays that are filled with lovely, perfectly crafted pastries and sweets that you would be a fool not to try. Not to mention the awesome stone wall (that may or may not be original) and hardwood floors. The space is incredible - I'm thinking they should let me live there. In terms of seating, there are only a handful of tables, but these are well spaced out so you don't need to share your dessert with your neighbors. You all know how I feel about personal space! Stuff: You saw my pictures. If you didn't, then go look at them and you'll immediately understand why I fell in love with this place. The Maison C-F offers fresh pastries that are so pretty, you'll feel bad cutting into them with that fancy spork they give you. They also make macarons, cakes, baked goods, and they have a refrigerated section where you can purchase pre-made cakes. I'm not sure if they're ice cream cakes so you can go check that out for yourself.  I ordered an Americano and it was served just the way I like it, using Illy coffee. My dessert of choice was the chocolate eclair. It was positively divine - delectable - deliriously delicious. I have never been served an eclair that was so.... stuffed - and the filling was chocolate! YUM! They're not cheap, that's for sure. The eclair was amazing and I could tell the patissier uses quality ingredients simply by its taste and texture. That said, it WAS a bit rich, which is why I begrudgingly left a little piece behind. I just couldn't eat anymore despite my best efforts. My date had the pot au caramel and loved it. Service: This is why I rated this 4 stars instead of 5. No one greeted us when we walked in. We stood at the counter for a minute because we weren't sure if we should be waiting for someone to seat us or if it was OK to pick our own table. Even then, no one greeted us. We then sat at our table for a few minutes while boy-waiters walked by and looked at us, but still offered no greeting. HELLO are you BLIND? For a minute, I thought we'd entered into a new restaurant trend - where the wait staff is both blind mute. When we finally did get service, our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable, so that made up for the initial failure to launch.  BUT you should still greet your clients when they walk through the door.  On a related note, M. Faure was out and about on the floor chitchatting with clients as well as greeting those that walked through the door. We ran into him in the elevator and he was very friendly. It's great to see a business owner taking the time to interact with their clientele - it definitely encourages repeat visits!So.... you have to go. Get off your couch, brave this crazy-ass Montreal polar vortex and go feast on Christian Faure's pastries. Don't worry - you'll leave there a little plumper so you won't feel the cold as much =-D
5	We were told if you do anything in Montreal, you have to have French pastries. After some careful research, we ended up at Maison Christian Faure. We were staying at the Governour's Hotel in Quartier Latin, and despite frigid temperatures, we decided to walk over to Old Port (about fifteen minutes or so). As noted by other reviews, MCF is tucked away on a side street and could be easily missed if you're not looking out for it.  When you enter, there are stairs leading up, and down. Down, I'm assuming, is the pastry school, whereas the dining area and pastry shop is upstairs. The pastry counter is the first thing you see when you walk up the stairs (macarons to be exact), and I'm pretty sure I began salivating right away, while planning my to-go pastry strategy.The space is very sleek with a bit of rustic charm, and bright and airy. We were seated by the window, and the angle of the sunlight made it hard for me to take pictures of my food. C'est la vie. We both got the brunch plank, which was the perfect amount of food. It started with a chocolate croissant each, layers of flakiness and bits of chocolate galore. Sadly, the croissants arrived before our espresso, and I could barely wait. Then, the plank came, with a cup of fresh fruit, a slice of brioche, a side of caramel sauce, and a delightful spin on eggs benedict (I got the salmon, my partner the ham). It was just enough to leave room for dessert. I got macarons to try later, and found them less than stellar but not detracting from my overall impression of MCF. I'll make this place a must-stop on subsequent trips to Montreal!
5	This is a quiet little cafe with amazing coffee and pastries. The staff was extremely nice and the prices were reasonable. My husband and I had an Americano and a chocolate croissant........delicious.
5	Incredible patisserie! My brunch yesterday was delicious. I shared chocolate almond croissant, french toast with a caramel syrup, fresh squeezed orange juice. We couldn't resist taking macaroons and pastries home to NYC with us. Everything was perfect!
1	Service is pretty bad and eclair or croissant were not good at all. Very much overrated. We had to ask for silverware and water twice. It wasn't very crowded either. Nothing we had was close to average including the brunch plank. Only above average item was the French toast.
5	A terrific little bakery in a beautiful space in old town, near the (awesome) archaeology museum. The $10 breakfast special - coffees, fresh OJ, pastries of your choice - was a great way to start the day.
3	The waitstaff are very helpful. The coffee selection is minimal with a decent choice of French pastries, but not as many as a typical corner bakery in France. $9 for small coffee (expresso), juice, small pastry, and a piece of sweet bread....which is about par for the area.
5	Best almond croissant you will have in beautiful montreal. The decor is beautiful and minimalist. Their server is very polite and they have a great selection of patisseries francaises. Definitely a 5*
5	We got brunch plank and Americanos at this cafe and with my sweet tooth, I had to buy some macarons for the drive back. Everything tasted great and service was superb. There's a pasty/cooking school upstairs so you know the food was made on-site. Recommend this while you're in old montreal.
4	Let's just say that my only complaint was that it was pretty hot in the restaurant.  That being said... it was a hot day when we were there which was on Tuesday July 1, 2014.  We sat next to the window which was sunny, adding to the heat.  Otherwise, no complaints.  Food was delicious.  Many people complained about the service, and well, we did have to ask for more water and for our check, otherwise, we may have waited a long time.  But the food was great and the wait staff had great attitudes and were so friendly.  We even had dessert and coffee.  Loved it so much that we went back the following day to get some pastries for our train ride to Toronto.  With better air conditioning, I'd give this 5 stars.  YUM!!
5	If there is one thing the French can do well is cook and certainly the French excel in baking.  After yelping around for a good place to pick up a pastry and a coffee, I found Maison Christian Faure.  With the credentials of this place, I had pretty high expectations.  We walked in shortly after they had opened and the poor girl was running the place by herself.  She was trying to prep for the day, lay out the pastries, and serve a number of guests already seated.  Besides the bumpy start, the pastries here could be smelt a few blocks away, and they looked even more beautiful.  I ordered an almond croissant and it was.....easily one of the best almond croissants I've had.  Their madeline cookie that came with our coffee was equally delicious.All the baking is done on premises (upstairs) and this is also a baking school.  If you're visiting Old Montreal, you NEED to come here and try some of their baked goods.  The only regret I had was not ordering more items, next time, there's always next time.
5	i got a bunch of things that I'm not sure I can remember the name of. Overall, everything was amazing and had just the right amount of sweetness, so it wasn't cloyingly sweet. I REALLY enjoyed the passion fruit....tart? I don't know if I can call it a tart, but it was fruity, had great flavor and had this oozy fruit filling that just covered the plate when you cut into it. There was a dessert with a little custard on top and a rum syrup in it which was a little strong and on the sweet side for me. The canele didn't have the best texture ever, but I didn't exactly have it fresh, so that was bad on my part. The flavor had a hint of orange/citrus, I think, that made it so much better than some other caneles I've had. Since canele is one of my favorite desserts, I really appreciated what they did. My second favorite dessert from there was a coffee crumble with lemon curd and what seemed like meringue sticks on top. Coffee and lemon curd was such an interesting combination. I would say that is a must-try. while I was in the elevator en route to the bathrom, the elevator doors opened on the third floor, and I got a small peek into what I was told was the baking school associated with the bakery. I kinda wished I played the dumb tourist card and took a few photos. Darn.
5	Walked by on our first day in Montreal.  Made a mental note and returned the next morning for a quick bite en route to bota bota.Their almond croissant is unlike any other I've tasted.  It's got this creamy paste thing in the center that was just out of this world.  If there was a way for me to ensure that the flaky crusts would remain fresh and crisp, I'd definitely import a few dozen of their goods back to nyc!!
5	What a find!  If you're in Montreal, you would do well to seek out this place.  Fantastic food and pastries served by a friendly and professional wait staff.  Outstanding!  We encountered one couple there who said it was their third visit in two days, because they loved it so much.
4	This is a gorgeous contemporary space in the historic Old Montreal area. As you head up a flight of stairs and round the corner, the pastry case of treats comes into full view! We were there for a breakfast snack at around 10 am on a weekday and the case was full so we had the full selection available to choose from. We selected the blueberry tart and an almond croissant. Both were good. My favorite part of breakfast? My terrific cup of very hot, dark, boldly flavored coffee. It was the perfect foil for the richness of the croissant. On the way out, I purchased a few more items to try later including an apple pastry -- that was apparently a shocking $12! My other half ate the whole thing so I'm not sure why it cost 3x as much as my croissant but it was reportedly tasty. There are no prices on the pastries so I suppose you should ask if you don't want any surprises sprung on a stupid non-French speaking tourist like me.  :(One other tip: there's a menu of breakfast options posted English discretely on one of the walls. It seems that there is some sort of set breakfast that includes juice,  coffee, and pastry -- Unfortunately,  I only saw this as we were leaving. Next time perhaps!
4	I just have to say that Yelp in Montreal never lead us wrong.This bakery was no exception.  It's in a touristy area, with some expensive hotels and restaurants.  I had a three different croissant-like pastries over two days, as well as a few slices of a loaf of bread.  It was all incredible.  I also brought home a bag of home-made marshmallows.  The guy behind the counter said they are the best in Montreal.....after eating 4 in one sitting, he's probably not lying.They have some tables so you can sit down to enjoy your pastries and coffee.
5	Everything we had was wonderful - we even went back twice!
3	They are inconsistent here and overpriced for the lack of quality.I bought an eclair the first time around and it was good.  I went back for another eclair and it was OLD. It was small, there was practically no cream inside, it was dry.. really, seriously a waste of $6.If you want a decent eclair that doesn't look too fancy, go to Complexe Desjardins, find the O Gateries / La Belge Bakery there, and buy those eclairs for $4.05 They're worth it.Only the tarts are decent, but DO NOT take the lemon meringue tart. I paid a lot of money for it and it ended up being totally, utterly, disgusting. I am not a fan of cream to begin with, but then the lemon curd inside was.. just.. effing weird. Like eating dish soap. Sweet dish soap.I tossed it in the garbage. Took a few bites, regretted the money I spent and .. oof, into the garbage.I also tried the strawberry cake (fraisier) and found it OK, but the cream on top ruined it for me. The cake was also soaked in sugary syrup and in general was too sweet for my personal tastes but not bad.
4	I tried the flan and strawberry shortcake.  Both were phenomenal and beautifully constructed.
5	Delicious cake !Fantastic! Vey good experience, I will be back. Btw: I like ice wine which recommend by waiter.
5	Terrific option for brunch, and an outstanding source for French pastry. There's a counter in front, loaded with every sweet treat of your dreams, plus a grab-and-go case filled with sandwiches, drinks, fruit, etc. The seating area was filled with tourists, but plenty of locals wandered in for a to-go croissant and coffee.Brunch is a casual affair, but both the quality and service are perfect, which is surprising for the most maligned meal of the week. Our waiter, in particular, was a model of good humor and professionalism. [Of course, we had to return for a dozen macarons on our way to the airport. Forget the T-shirts; THIS is the souvenir your friends are waiting for.]The chic interior is sophisticated but relaxed. There are stairs leading up from the street, so if you have a stroller or mobility issues, please take this into account.
3	Everything in the bakery looked delicious!  I picked up a passion fruit raspberry tart and 2 macarons - pistachio and passion fruit mango.  The macarons were overpriced at $2.50 each, but the tart was good and reasonably priced at $4.50.
4	This place located in the heart of Old Montreal and right by the water. Very limited seating, however they turn the table in timely manner.They do have good pastries and decent coffee. They use illy for their beans.It's a good place for lunch and late afternoon tea/coffee time with desserts.
4	Pretty much agree with the consensus. We ordered an almond croissant and a couple of quiches. The croissant was excellent and the quiches were good. They bring you a foie gras appetizer/bite, which is not to be confused for your actual order. A little slow on service at times but was overall a great place to stop for a bite during our explorations of Old Montreal.
5	Excellent pain au chocolat. I wish we had stayed and done brunch. The whole case looked amazing. The hot chocolate was not great and the espresso was just ok. I would definitely come back here for food, would probably go for the tea options instead of the other drinks.
5	This place definitely deserves 5 stars. It's a great place to have a cup of latte and escape cold Montreal weather in October. Their eclairs are to die for and the quality of their cakes and pastries is superb. Just look at the pics and you'll understand what I'm talking about. Surely, you owe yourself a visit here after visiting Notre-Dame Basilica. Maison is a great place to unwind, have a cup of coffee or tea together with one of their amazing pastries or cakes.
3	Being a macaron snob and this is probably the only time I will ever use the word snob when it comes to food, I definitely have my favorites and have traveled wide and far (ok, fine -- furthest is LA) to seek out the best. So I like to say I have some experience when knowing which macaron place has the best. So far, Toute de Sweet near me in Bethesda and Laduree have been on the top for me. I like to compare this place a bit like Laduree but on a smaller scale. When walking in, it definitely had that Parisian cutesy decor and all the patisseries were too cute. However, the macaron selections did look a bit lacking and we only had a few to choose from. I grabbed a box of 15 and hit the road for our long drive back to MD. I didn't try these until later that night and although they were good, it lacked that chewy factor.  But, the next day, I tried them again and the chewy factor came into play, which reminded me of Laduree a bit. Macarons done right should be eaten within few days in the fridge because the shell will crack when bitten into. You can also let it thaw a bit from the cold before eating, but really, who has time for that. This place was pretty pricey considering the lack of selections so I definitely would prefer Laduree over this place. But hey, if you're in old Montreal, feel free to stop by and give it a try. Had we known that this place served food as well, we would've loved to try it for brunch.
5	Amazing! We came in on a frigid winter day in montreal and smells  instantly overwhelmed us. The display cases were full of the most beautiful and delicious looking pastries. Macarons, tarts, cakes, palmers, croissants, canneles... Mmmmmm... We ended up opting for three canneles, one palmier (it was HUGE) and a chocolate eclair all for take out. Each one was perfect!
4	They have great cannelle. Pistachio gelato was great as well. We also tried their eclair with chestnut cream, which was just sweet enough. Will definitely go there agin when in the area.
5	Attentive service and delicious food in trendy and fun cafe atmosphere. I had quinoa salad with chicken and vegetable soup. Boyfriend had lobster pastry. We shared a Mille feuille for dessert. I like to think of myself as pastry connoisseur and it wasn't the same as a Parisian Mille feuille but still delicious (pastry sheets were a bit thicker here). Definitely a great lunch spot.
5	Phenomenal! Pure and simple. I fell in love with this artisan Montreal jewel a short while ago after tasting their chocolate cake. Piece of heaven! (Add a touch of Itzhak Perlman playing, and that would be heaven). I've also tried their macaroons. It's no Parisian Pierre Herme, but it's tasty. The staff are great. They try to make you enjoy your experience there, even when you speak little or no French. It's definitely a must-try. The world needs more tasty glimpses of heaven like this.
5	Delicious on a cold winter morning! Pastries were fresh and warm when we sat down at 8am when they open, attentive service and fantastic atmosphere. Chocolate croissant warm out of the oven was the best we've ever had.
