5	I've been very pleased with this Pizza Hut!  They always deliver within 30 minutes.  The food is always exactly what I order.  They always deliver everything while it's still hot too.  Without a coupon, it can be pretty expensive, but if you find a great deal, it's filling, great food!  I love the Stuffed Crust pizza and the Pan pizza.  I also can't order anything without breadsticks.  Once, on a very busy night during Catholic Lent season, they were so busy that they ran out of pizza dough.  They apologized and referred me to another Pizza Hut location in Gilbert, which I think is excellent customer service!  Never fails to please!
4	I went when it was really busy, so my bad there. But other than that, the pizza was really good and everybody there was working hard. It loses a star because it was so crowded and not enough people were there to help the customers.
2	Been ordering from this Ray Road Pizza Hut for 6 years,  usually $50-$70 per order for parties at our house.  Now, this franchise has started charging for red peppers and cheese packets.  Terrible decision.  After complaining to the manager and driver, found out it is the owner of this and 5 other Pizza Huts around Tempe/Chandler that has added this extra fee.  We now order from a distant pizza hut under different ownership and pay the driver a nice tip to avoid this Ray Road business.  What's next, a fee for the box?
5	This Pizza Hut take-out is fast and the people are friendly and accurate.
1	This Pizza Hut location has poor customer service!  This last time I called in to place an order the guy seemed overly put out to even answer the phone let alone take my order.  Sorry Pizza Hut, but I told him to forget it since it was such a bother and hung up.  Barro's down the street got our business.  It's all about customer service and some people at this location need a little more training.
1	Very disappointed. I've never seen or tasted a more disgusting burnt thin crust pizza. And they fact they delivered it to me is even more pathetic. I tried to reach out for the manager with no success. They are quite friendly at Papa Johns across the street.
1	I definitely would not recommend this Pizza Hut. Getting pizza here is a real gamble, but what makes it even worse is that some of the employees, especially the manager, are real jerks.
