4	Brand new and close to my home, I love Which Wich, you can't go wrong with any sandwich choice.
4	Welcome to the hood, Which Wich! You are a welcome addition to our lunch line up.How it works: a station of paper sandwich bags is up front. Pick your wich: vegetarian, beef, ham, chicken, seafood, or the wicked (many meats and cheeses!). Choose the corresponding bag and check the boxes on the bag for the toppings of your choice. There are many unique toppings to choose from, all the standard stuff plus olive salad, carmelized onions, dried cranberries, spicy sauces... The list is huge! Most are free of charge. Take your bag up to the cashier and check out!The verdict: good stuff! We especially liked the house chips. The bread was pretty average. A few toppings got lost in translation from bag to sandwich maker, I'll attribute that to this being a new restaurant. It's a bit noisy inside so we preferred their patio seating. Good new spot! I'll be back!
5	So after trying out a Which Wich in LA and then seeing one in Glendale. I was very excited to see a brand new one opening in the shopping center next to the Men's Warehouse at Tatum Blvd & Shea. I love their concept of pick your sandwich choice from the assorted options, write out your preferences on the paper bag numbered for your choice and then they make it up for you fast and fresh. These sandwiches are delicious!
5	FINALLY a Which Wich in my neighborhood.....I mean things just keep getting better and better within striking distance of my Apartment. There are ALWAYS new Establishments being opened in my hood and this is one of the best things to come. I mean you get your bag.....select your toppings......bread.....condiments.....etc.....hand the bag to the cashier......pay for it......wait very shortly......and walk out. I mean it doesn't get any better and the customer service is awesome. Let me also mention it is in a prime location near the intersection of Tatum and Shea Blvd.....and the place is simply immaculate. If your ever in my hood and want a REALLY GOOD sandwich pay Which Wich a visit. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Great concept. Have it your way...wait...where have I heard that before....Which wich has my vote- hot or cold sandwiches however you want it. My sandwich is a ham with mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, cucumbers and avocado on a wheat roll. Only complaint was the roll was not that great. I see that they are offering Amoroso's rolls for their cheesesteaks but you have to pay $2 more.Amoroso's as anyone from back east knows- they are the NINJA of rolls. Next time I 'll try them to see how authentic they are.
5	They have so many options to choose from it almost made my head hurt, but then I thought about how convenient that is. I loved the process of customizing your sandwich before hitting the counter and the options to choose a bowl or lettuce wrap. Great concept and it works!
4	Love the idea of marking up your own bag--like Sacks but without the hassle of asking, "What comes on that?" I really enjoyed my sandwich (Club) and will definitely come back to try the malt.
3	I was warned this place wasn't great, but I LOVE SANDWICHES! I should have listened. We ordered 3 sandwiches for a work lunch and every single order was wrong. We ordered 2 milkshakes and they overflowed the cups so chocolate shake was dripping all over and we had to ask for them to wipe the cup. I won't go back unless someone lets me know it's now amazing.Went back a few months later and had a completely different experience.  Edited from 2 to 3 stars.
4	My first time at this place and it was awesome! The sandwich special for the month was a Shrimp Po'Boy with Voodoo kettle chips and had the perfect southern Cajun taste. Really like the $3 PBJ sandwiches they have, which they donate a new sandwich to the 'PBJ Project'!
3	Great concept and plentiful choices.  As a vegan I appreciate the vegan options when making my selections.  I ordered a veggie sandwich that met my dietary needs.    I was nearly finished with my sandwich when I  found several pieces of bacon in it.  I told the woman behind the counter who said they must have flipped some pieces in by mistake when assembling it.  She did not offer me any type of compensation nor did she apologize.  It made a poor first impression.
3	Eh. Was ok, definitely not as superior as the guys behind the counter proclaimed it would be.  Having a wider selection of toppings doesn't equate to a better sandwich. Still liking Potbelly the best for flavor and atmosphere.The ordering process seems a bit gimmicky but if it saves times waiting for others to figure out what to ask for, then its ok I guess.I liked the choice of 3 sizes for the bread.
3	Tried it a few months later and changed from 2 to 3 stars. Getting better. Will try it again. Milkshakes are amazing!!!
5	Ate there for the first time today and it was awesome! I love the concept. I got cole slaw on my sandwich, totally delicious. I highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat. Also the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.
5	Best sandwich. In a week I ate at Quiznos, Subway, Jimmy John's and Which Wich. I got the Italian ever time. Which Wich was by far the absolute best. For now on I will only get Which Wich. The flavors are amazing and really high quality. They have options you can get anywhere else. Only negative is they are on the upper end on price but you get what you pay for.
3	When I found this place on Yelp and looked at the menu I was so excited to try it; way more than someone should be for food. :p I'm a toppings gal so when I saw unlimited free toppings I was excited! So I placed an online order that I paid for online and went to pick it up. Per the email I received I was to go straight to the pick up side. Well I did and got ignored by the guy behind the counter for about 10 mins as all the other people in line who had to order and pay got their food. I finally went to the order side and told her I had an online order. She looked at me like I was a dummy and told me to go back to the guy. -_- Only then did he address me and gave me my order that had been sitting there the whole time. Not a good way to start this out...So got the food back home and was anxious to try my concoctions. I ordered 2 sandwhiches so that I could try 2 different kinds and then eat the other halves the next day. Well the sandwhiches are huge so I could barely get down half of one which is good. I ordered the Elviswhich...PB, banana,  honey, and wait for it...bacon! Tried a bite and it was good but rather dry.  I opened it up and there was one little dab of PB in the middle (pics included). I had to go add some of my own PB. Otherwise it was amazing. Then I tried a blt that was stuffed with I swear half of the 50 toppings available. It was pretty darn good! I also ordered a side of the house chips. Well I got a sad little plastic baggie filled with crushed potato chips. Boo. My friend ordered the meatball sandwhich. She said she didn't think it was beef and that the meatballs were gray. She said it was awful. :/I would like to give this place one more chance and see if I can rate this 4 stars next time. Hopefully the food and customer service will be improved.
5	This place is amazing! This is my favorite sandwich place! Everyone in there is super friendly and nice! Also their very quick! Highly recommend this place if your craving a sandwich!!
5	I'm a huge fan of the Which Wich brand. I think it's fast, convenient and you get exactly what you want! Be sure to sign up for the e-club, as they send coupons frequently for free drinks, subs and more. This location is always very clean. Parking stinks here, as you have to pay at the curb or walk from somewhere. Would highly recommend over subway, quiznos, etc! Way more options and a cheaper price!!
5	I just went into Which Which for the first time ever today. I obviously looked confused and one of the employees was standing by the bags and helped me figure out what to do. He told me about the popular sandwiches too...so many options! I ordered, got my food and was out pretty quickly. The flow of the order process was slick and seem less. We will definitely be back to try out more of their sandwiches!! Thanks for a great experience!!
3	OK the three stars is just for the location. So basically everything I say is just reviewing this particular store. I have finally decided to introduce my husband to eating here because my first experience at another location was awesome. First we walked in and it was empty there were a few workers there and then after a minute or so we were finally greeted and walked through with the directions on how to order. We finally decided what we wanted we both ordered the banh mi Vietnamese style sandwich. That was actually pretty good. My son ordered a breakfast sandwich I understand that you make it how you want it...but...first his sandwich took 15 minutes to make, second egg patties were disgustingly cold. There were like 6 sausage patties and omg too hot. Maybe they thought the sausage was going to cook the egg. I am very disappointed because these sandwiches are expensive.  My son didn't even finish and his dad told him to throw it I wanted to return it but oh well. My son then ordered a banana milkshake to be happy. He was happy with that after another 15 minutes of waiting. This location is not I. My area and I will not go back. Just a reminder to the sandwich makers at this location please check the temperature of your eggs before serving...
5	This is our favorite sandwich place! We will always come here when we are craving a sandwich. Daniel & Nick are especially great and super friendly! They really care about customers' needs and want to make sure we get what we want. We will be returning again and again!
