5	I needed a repair done at home and was torn between going the cheap route and hiring some unknown from Craigslist, or calling a licensed contractor.  I decided to try this option first, since they offer free estimates and I am so glad I did.  It turned out that the work I needed done was a little more complicated than I thought and I am glad I had someone who knew what he was doing.  I took him longer than he expected, but he stuck to his quote and did a great job.  I would definitely use them again if I ever have the need.
5	Thank you!  My shower needed re grouting and caulking because it had not been cared for by previous owner.  Pete from Pro Handyman came and gave very reasonable bid and came Saturday morning to do the job.  It took 4 hours and Pete did a fantastic job.  The shower looks brand new!  He cleaned everything up, had a great sense of humor and was just a really nice guy.  They do all kinds of jobs including plumbing so give them a try!
4	My wife and I are DIYers. However, after working on a project for over 5 hours (should have taken 2 hours at the most) that we just couldn't get right we called a Handyman. I checked out a couple websites, and called around. We decided on LV Handyman. I called at 3pm and was able to schedule an appointment for 8am the next morning. The Handyman, Herman, was early! He called when he was on his way. He was very polite and very professional. He took a look at the issue, gave us a quote (very fair price, cheaper than Home Depot would have been). We wanted to watch him work as we wanted to learn how to do this in the future. He was very okay with that, and let us ask him questions while he worked. I was very impressed as he was able to get everything to work within about 45 minutes and one trip to Home Depot to get one part we didn't have. I was also impressed because he had over 20 years experience in the construction industry. He wasn't just some joe off the street. You could tell he knew what he was doing. I am not always that comfortable letting anyone into our house, but the service and professionalism of LV Handyman cannot be beat. If and when we need a handyman again, we will definitely be going to LV Handyman.
5	Called these guys again when the fan in our bedroom broke.  They did another awesome job.  We ended up getting a new fan so the guy had to come back the next day.  He was really good did the job quickly and cleaned up any mess.These are my go to handy dudes :)
2	I have them install interior french doors. I had a quote, and 3 months later I decided to do the job, and the quote went up by roughly $50. Not a huge issue. I ask how long it will take, and I was told 3 hours, so I left 6 hours open on my schedule, I still couldn't wait for the job to be completed, and instead my (not to her fault,) not so knowledgeable of workmanship girlfriend, to sign off on the work. He was late in completing the work because the supplier only sold him the doors, and not the casing. He had to spend the first several hours just acquiring the parts that were not delivered. The workmanship was fine till I was worried to miss an important commitment, and the finishing was lack luster, and time. It was also annoying that not only did I have to wait for arrival, and store that door that was installed, but I also was given grief for not knowing that the casing was supposed to be dropped off with the door. To add a last annoyance on this, the door company not only did not care if I was going to be home. They called 5 min. before, I guess hoping, that I would be home, and lucky enough they showed up at 1:30pm, less than a half hour before I needed to leave for work.The door is still up, but the experience was not worth it. The next door that will be up, will be installed by someone else.
5	We've used this company many times for various issues at our rental properties (mostly plumbing issues it seems). They are very nice, communicate well, and are usually reasonably priced. Whenever I have a problem at a property I call these guys first.
5	I had a positive experience.  I am a Las Vegas Condo Owner.  And normally I do my own repairs and consider myself a handyman.  But . . . In Vegas I do not have all the tools I'd require and in a small condo it does not make sense to invest in too many tools because there's not a lot of space to store things.Now my experience and thoughts.I left a message on their Voice Mail about requiring service at 8:51am.  At 9:30 am I had a call back and had an appointment scheduled for between noon and 2 the following day.  On the day of the appointment, I received a call from Rick at 11:57am and he said he'd be at my house within 30 minutes.  True to his word, he arrived, examined the work and gave me an estimate.   He did professional quality work, respected my residence by wearing booties and cleaning up after himself.  Rick was pleasant and was not bothered by my questions and standing there and watching.  I had read the negative reviews here and discounted them because:  1) they charge a reasonable charge per hour ($76) and commit to their estimate you sign before they start the work. 2) It is possible that a cabinet maker may be required to fix a cabinet drawer - what's the beef, he said he couldn't do it and didn't charge you.  3) Asking for installation of a French door and then venting on the door supplier  for not providing the door jamb and then dinging the craftsman over the door supplier is a mixed and strange review.  Other reviews seemed to stick to reasonable services.
1	I have worked with countless handy people and the handyman that the company sent was not handy.  He was slow, cranky, did not exude confidence and took more than twice as long as estimated (I knew the estimate was too short, but he is the expert right? wrong!), and cost 40% more.  In addition he broke a very expensive personal item with little remorse.  I could not wait until he finally left.  Cross LV Handyman off of your list of go to handy people.
5	Great experience. I called and they came out the next day. They installed a ceiling fan, installed a new kitchen faucet, and fixed a running toilet.  They did great work at a great price. Would absolutely call them again.
5	Completely satisfied!  Did the job in record time very professionally,and cleaned up afterward!  Joe Dalkowski did the work and I highly recommend him!
4	I am not handy. I think I am handy. But, I am not handy. Just moved into a house and needed some things done: shelves put up, furniture assembled. Two desks, one of which had to be taken apart before being reassembled...see, I am not handy. Called LV Handyman and got a next-day appointment. I was given 10-Noon arrival and the handyman, Jamie, called within that time frame to let me know he was on his way. When he arrived, he looked at all the things which needed to be done and gave me a quote. Ouch. I wish I was handy. But Jamie did tell me if he finished before the 4 hours he estimated, that would reflect on the total. No way he'd finish earlier than expected, I thought, but went forward with the quote. Left Jamie in my house for a few hours. During this time, he updated me with text photos of his progress. How awesome is that?? When he was finished (and yes, it was quicker than he estimated), he adjusted the total price to reflect a lower price. I am so pleased with his work and would recommended this company for anyone who thinks they are handy but aren't, or for someone who's more realistic and just knows they're not handy!
1	I agree that this company does not deserve five stars. The last two times I used them, they could not fix the plumbing problem and the second "handyman" dissed the first guy who had come out saying he didn't know his job. Real professional. When I called the next time, they scheduled a two-hour appointment window but didn't show - this after I had re-scheduled my work appointments to make sure I could be home during the window. The guys at One Hour Heating & A/C promise "Always on time or you don't pay a dime," but that sure wasn't offered by Handyman. Handyman's logo on their phone line is "Customer service is our #1 priority." Baloney! This firm is going downhill and I will be using someone else for future household repairs. To avoid disappointment and unnecessary expense, think twice before calling these people.
