4	I've been here twice so far. The first time, I was impressed. The second time, I was indifferent. It is mostly fish and chips, and they are a fixture in the plaza--while other places come and go, Baker's Cove has been there for years and has many loyal customers who go there faithfully, as established regulars. This made me want to give it another chance. This time, my companion and I both started with the clam chowder, which is made in house. It is runnier than many but really tasty--nice use of spices. I had the haddock and chips. Both were golden, crispy and good, and the tartar sauce was home made! Yum!  My companion had a daily special--haddock with creole sauce--delicious and spicy--with lemony mashed potatoes. In all, a delicious meal, with plentiful portions. The only sad thing was that we didn't have room for dessert!
5	Great seafood restaurant. Huge selection. Nice homely setting. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Evident that they are proud of what they do. Food is great and everyone enjoyed it and would come back again.
4	Baker's has been around for 26 years, and although I've driven past it many times when I lived there, I had never visited.Upon reading positive reviews on Baker's Cove, I made a reso for a Father's Day late lunch.  It's a small, cozy restaurant. The aroma when we walked through the front door was lovely.. garlicy with the scent of sea air.Karolyn, the owner, greeted and served us. She was friendly and had a bright smile. The menu is quite impressive, I knew what to expect from my research. Despite the great choices,  I knew what I wanted to order.  Classic fish and chips.Turns out our table all wanted the same thing, so we ordered the family fish and chips and ordered the battered mushrooms as an appie.First of all, you know when you've had really terrible batter? Or worse, you can taste how old the oil? Well not the case here. Batter is made in-house and is so light, and tasty. The oil was not an after taste in our mouths.  The fresh batter and deep fried shrooms are served with an in-house made dijon/dill sauce that was a perfect accompaniment.  Fish platter came, it was awesome. FRESH delicious, light and not greasy. Not one drip of oil on my plate. Served with mushy peas and coleslaw.   The french fries were decent.. not the best I've ever had.  I would have loved to see them serve fresh-cut with skins on the ends. Like fry trucks, you know? The tartar sauce was fresh, homemade and in a squeeze bottle. Perfect for peeps like me who have no shame in covering a large portion of their plate in sauces and condiments.  Overall, I will definitely be returning and trying the maple fish with lemony potatoes and other delights on the menu. The seafood platter looks awesome too.Karolyn has a little hidden gem in this little mall and you should go check it out if you want quality seafood that's fresh and obviously cooked with love.
1	Horrible dining experiance. I was given a warm, flat rootbeer. Our dinner came out pretty quickly so that was good. I ordered the mermaid platter and the fish I received was paper thin. My girlfriend ordered the crab stuffed sole dinner and the fish wasn't cooked. Although there were only four tables occupied by customers, we waited several minutes to get a server's attention to no avail. I eventually got up and brought the plate with the raw fish to the front cash to advise of the problem. They brought out another plate but again the fish was still under cooked and the fish was paper thin. I was not impressed to say the least and would advise others against eating at this restaurant.
