4	We just took a cycling vacation to Montreal. What a wonderful city. So much to do, so much to see, so much to sample. And, so bike friendly.We planned to ride both the Tour la Nuit (a night ride) and the Tour de I'lle (the largest single cycling event in the world- about 30,000 cyclists) and we needed bikes.So, we rented a tandem from Ca Roule (another bike rental place) for the la Nuit tour and rented hybrid bikes from My Bicyclette for the I'lle ride.  Our rental choices were planned more for our off-the-bike site seeing itinerary than anything else.Dealing with Ca Roule was disappointing (badly maintained bikes & bill inflation) but renting from My Bicyclette was an excellent experience.Dave (the owner) is an obvious biker and was very flexible with our changing needs. (We first reserved bikes for a one day rental, than changed the rental to 24 hours. Since we only needed the bikes for the Tour, Dave accommodated us by allowing us to pick up at closing and return the next day for a one day rental charge.)  He made our bike rental easy. The bikes were Rocky Mountain hybrids, male and female, fairly light, well maintained and... they shifted smoothly. An important but much overlooked feature when renting bikes. We were fitted according to height. The only downside is getting there. But it's actually easy, take the Metro to Lionel-Groulx station, walk a few blocks past Atwater Market, across the blue foot bridge and turn right. Then check out beautiful, friendly Montreal on a GOOD bike.
5	Used it yesterday to rend a bike for a whole day. They close at 7pm, and they said if I am late, they'd wait 10-15 mins extra. I just need to call them in advance.I had to try several helmets to find my size, and they were kind.Bike was nice quality. We went for 70km ride, some 25km were unpaved. No problem. The bikes also had shock absorber. Much better, faster, smoother than bixi bikes (breaks are more effective too), though a little less stable than bixi bikes (since tires are thinner)$30 per bike per day, including helmet, (lock optional)After a long day of bike, got a can of coke $1.5 after returning the bike.---Very easy to find. It is on Lachine canal bike path.
5	Booked for three people but one could not make it. Stephanie promptly said that she would refund me that ticket. So professional! The bike tour itself was great. I recommend it as a great way to get a feel for the city and to experience some of its crown jewels. Stephanie would stop periodically to point out the sites and was a fountain of knowledge. She was thoughtful and thorough. Nice touches with the stops for cheese and then ice cream with maple syrup. Plus, I got a good workout in! Thanks for a great tour!
5	Really great rental shop.  Friendly and helpful staff.  I rented a road bike and was impressed with the quality of it.  I'm often used to having to hire bikes that have seen better days but this was a new model and great quality.  Also they fitted my pedals and when I forgot to ask them to remove them when I returned the bike they posted them to me. Montreal is also a great city to bike in.  I would highly recommend both this shop and this city
4	This review is for the bike repair services of Ma Bicyclette. The guys working there have saved me once when my gear broke, fortunately it happened near by. They also helped me bring back to life two bikes that were in desperate need of good tune up. They are friendly, have professional approach and would explain in details what needs to be done on your bike. They do tune ups only during the week as the shop is quite busy during the weekend, but this is  fine as their work hours allow for picking up your bike in the early evening. In few words the team of Ma Bicyclette does well what they are supposed to do and helps Montrealers, and visitors to enjoy the summer! :)
1	I went with Round Table Tours on a food truck tour and the guide was wonderful.  However, she usually uses other companies to provide her with vehicle transportation and they were to provide me with a bike.  Unfortunately, while we waited for 30 minutes for them to show up, they never did. The guide kept calling and there was no response.  This is unacceptable.  As a result, my tour guide had to be innovative and pay for Bixi bikes each time for me.  I'm not sure what happened, but when a business fails to open/show up at a set time, then you are not running your business well.   It's absolutely unacceptable.  While Montreal has a lot bike paths, I wouldn't rely on these guys to show up in a timely manner.  Very dissapointed.
