1	Oh boy, oh boy. If you feel like spending A LOT of money (60$ for two for "Californian-Mexican" food WITHOUT DRINKS is a lot in my book), endure really bad service and eat ok food, this place is exactly what you are looking for.I wasn't looking for that at all last time I went. The vibe is funky, with their bath filled with sand and toys as a table, their jungle plants and the toilet paper on your table instead of napkins. We see the effort here to be creative. Where is gets bad is when you wait 20 minutes without water, on a Tuesday night, even though the restaurant is empty, for someone to take your order. It gets worst when you see the guy going out for a smoke, and give him The Look by sticking your head out of the window. You feels kinda better when he swallows his cig, and runs at you apologizing because he forgot about you. But then when they don't have fish anymore, and it takes another 30 minutes to get what you ordered, you are not feeling good at all. The 60$ bill was the finishing move.Don't be fooled by the jungle and the red lights. Worst case scenario, just get a Margarita, and get the f**k out.
5	I agree with the previous review that service could have been better, food prices are steep for "tex mex" and there is something just plain weird about wiping your mouth with toilet paper...HOWEVER.If you want funky, LOUD, tequila, and a good time- THIS IS YOUR PLACE!As my (American) sister turned 21 last week and I visited to help her ring it in- American style.  We booked a table for 20 people around 9:30.  We warned them we'd be loud, drunk, and wanting more tequila.Not only was our table ready to go when we arrived at 9pm; we had a tray of tequila shots before our butts were in our seats.  Strong and good margaritas (albeit frozen- not my fav).  BEST PART- our waiter was able to keep everybody's tab separate!!!This would be a disaster in the US! He was able to divide all of our pitchers of margaritas between each persons' individual order, factored in his own tip, and sent us on our way!  PHENOMENAL for a group this large.My only peeve is that there were no chips and salsa to be seen after I had ordered some several times.  Needed something desperately to absorb all the tequila.
2	Service was slow, they were out of enchiladas too. The food I had (mini-mo ster) was very good though. I've had better margaritas elsewhere. Would probably not go back.
2	My brother dragged me to this place, I should have checked yelp before agreeing to go! The reason for the two stars is that there's a typo on the menu, the nachos where burnt, the flautas had some sprouts + the wrapper was not tortilla finally the sangria did not taste like sangria but more like some watered down soda! All of this for a heaping $72 not including tip! I won't get started on the service it was as bad as the food! Go figure how they stay open? Looking forward to enjoying the more authentic Mexican dives in California :)
1	I went in with low expectations and was still disappointed.  Dry and bland everything.  Tries to be a cheap-ish place and then charges ridiculous prices. Everything on the menu costs 2-3 times more than it should.
2	Man, this place was just so much cooler when I was in CEGEP ten years ago. Let's forget about the fact that it's overpriced, and that one has to wipe their hands and mouth on a roll of toilet paper. The "TEX MEX" has no seasoning or soul. That's it. That's all. the fajitas, the tacos, and the Haitian-inspired dish we are all tasted at our table. Everything was bland as my grandmother's beef boil. It was almost like "TEX MEX FOR THE ELDERLY" in a decor that the elderly would be uncomfortable in. The service wasn't bad though, seriously. In the end though, I'll drive down to Tijuana before I come here again.
3	Went for the snack in the park option, ordered the beef burger and the chicken burger between my friend and I. After ordering we were told 15 minute wait time, which seems long for an advertised take out service. The venue itself looks like a pretty funky dive for a boozing night but not to sure about the food. The meat seemed on the low end in quality and there are definitely cheaper places with better quality. They get a bonus star for the cool decor.
4	My family and I went to el zazuimmm  as tourists for dinner and off the bat we thought it was a cool place. We ordered guacamole and steak with chips. They were both really good. For dinner we ordered shrimp fajitas and coconut shrimp. They were amazing!!!!!! After, we got a chocolate fondue for dessert. Very tasty and so many different fruits. There was a very authentic Mariachi guitarist serenading us while we were eating. My only complaint was that they used toilet paper as napkins which was a little off putting. The staff were friendly, funny, and helpful. Most of the clientele seemed to be locals and I would recommend securing reservations as it was very busy.  Overall a great experience!
2	Food is very bland, overpriced (even for Montreal) and tasteless. Decor is sort of interesting, service was pretty good. Drinks were reasonable. Not bad for just a drink, but I can't fathom how you can screw up guacamole that bad. The fajitas we ordered were, again, very bland. I had to cover them with table hotsauce to get them to sing even a little. Portion was big, though, plenty for two.
1	My first review ever. I had to come on here to say that this place has the single most pathetic excuse for a plate of nachos I've ever seen. I live down the street and thought it looked like a cool place so I went to check it out with some pals. We all were really hoping to like it as it's a great location and has an open wall/big window concept which is great for the summer, but when our food came we all very quickly decided we won't ever be going back. What a shame. I hope they get their act together because the place has a lot of potential.
