3	Luca's is a really odd space. It's a restaurant housed in an old church. In fact, this church (according to our server) was the very first church in Vegas ever. I believe it too based on the size, shape, and design of the interior.Luca's serves up breakfast and Italian which is another oddity about the place because those two things in combination seems like a strange choice, but there you have it. They only serve breakfast until 10:30 so if you get there after that you've got to go with lunch options.They do offer a really cheap salad and pizza buffet, but I would say the choice and quality of this buffet do match the price tag. After all, you're going to get what you pay for. After looking this over I decided to go with an Italian sandwich that I really enjoyed. It was basically mozzarella and Italian meat with a tapenade spread on a delicious bread.The prices are pretty low and the service was nice so I would possibly be up for trying it again if I lived in the area. However, it wasn't so remarkable that I'd make a conscious effort to go again just on a return visit to Vegas.
5	For a dose of friendly chit-chat and delicious home-cooking, this is the place to stop for a meal during your busy work day.My favorite thing Luca's offers is the crescent dulce de leche pastry--incredibly flaky, buttery, and not too sweet. Perfect with a cup of strong coffee. They also serve plain and powdered sugar versions. I've never been to Argentina, but these alone conjure visions of adorable coffee-shops, cobble-stoned walkways, a lone violinist in a narrow alley....The sandwiches and pastas are very good, and there are deals on both breakfast and lunch. For $5.50, you get a huge plate of pancakes, eggs, and sausage. The breakfast burritos are filling and delicious--choose from chorizo, potato, steak, or veggie. I do agree that the pizza/soup/salad buffet is simple, but at $7, you can't beat it. And, of course, everything is homemade.I walk by the building every day, and had no idea that it was the first church in Vegas until now. Thanks, Yelp!
5	i love this place. i have been going here since before the moved it into the old church. the owners are nothing but sweethearts and the food is delicious and totally inexpensive. plus i just love the atmosphere.
5	Quality food. Not huge portions but excellent quality and flavor. The staff is awesome too friendly and prompt.
4	Very nice restaurant right in the heart of the downtown office area.  The wait staff is extremely friendly and even brought out samples of their Italian Wedding soup to my seatmates that did not order it.  Their all you can eat pizza, salad and soup buffet is very simple, but nice and only $8.  The sandwiches looked really good, so I'll have to try one next time.  They also had a very tempting array of desserts located in a case at the front of the restaurant. They were advertising new Saturday hours of 8AM to 2PM.  I hope that works out since the pedestrian traffic tends to taper off in that area on the weekends.
3	This is a small restaurant in a castle-looking building (old church - really?) next to Gabriel L. Grasso, Criminal Defense.  Grasso's sign is huge.  You can't miss it.I've tried their salad bar and pastries.  The salad bar sucks and the pastries are awesome.Problems with the salad bar:1. They only have spinach and iceberg lettuce.  No other varieties.2. The salad toppings are typical, boring, and not very fresh tasting.3. They charge the same ($7) whether you are getting it here or to go.4. The pizza that comes with it is only so-so.  But the Argentine pastries are amazing.  Very fresh and flaky.  I highly recommend the cheese danish-type pastry.  I don't know what it's called but it looks like a cheese danish and it's terrific.I have not tried any of the other food items. But once when I was trying to pay for the salad bar, this gentleman told me and my co-worker how great the pesto pizza is. He then proceeded to give us a long list of "special instructions" to give the server in order to make it good.  Maybe he's one of those guys who orders everything like Sally in When Harry Met Sally.  But his recommendation didn't sway me to come back and try the rest of the food anytime soon.Get the pastries!  I may come back to try some of the Argentine dishes (hot lomito sandwich, milanesa) because the pastries are so awesome.  If so, I'll re-review.
4	I came back for a work lunch and stuck with the Argentine dishes. The selection is pretty limited.  I just saw beef empanadas and a hot lomito sandwich as options.  No milanesa.  :( I had the beef empanadas and they were amazing!  Flavorful ground beef with big chunks of olive in them.  They come with a great chimichurri sauce and only $5 for 3.  What's not to love?The Italian wedding soup is also very tasty.  Juicy meatballs, spinach, and pasta in beef broth.  I believe this is their soup of the day on Thursday.The food was much better since last time when I tried the salad bar.Something to keep in mind here when dining with a group:  At the end of your meal, the server will give you a list of what you bought.  No prices.  You pay up front and the cashier gives you a total there.  So everyone should keep in mind the cost of what they ordered for ease of splitting the check and calculating the tip.  It's a pain.
2	I am torn about this place. Here's thing, there's the good and the bad.... I guess I'll be a bummer and start with the bad...  First, I've eaten almost everything on their menu, including all the breakfast items and items that are not on the menu.  After working downtown for so many years, I eat here at least once a week.  Does it mean that it's so great that I'm addicted to their food?  No.  It just means there's not much else around.  Choices are limited downtown and this is one of the better eats.  The bad... I find this place to be dirty.  My friends know that I try to stay away from the salad bar.  It's not the food that's the issue but their plates.  It's plastic and they don't wash it very well.  Next time you eat at the salad bar, check underneath some of the salad plates, you'll see some grease.  Yeah totally gross huh?  I hate all their dishwares.  It's just plain unappetizing.  Also, depends on what you order, the food can be really greasy.  Most of the breakfast items are totally greasy.  I don't recommend coming here for breakfast.  The breakfast is just okay, I recommend that you save your money and go to Omelette house for some real breakfast instead.  The only good breakfast item are the Argentine pastries.  These are really good and they quickly sell out before the noon hour.I have always had a love affair for empanadas and these are just okay.  I expected the outside to be greasy but the filling is extremely greasy.  I had them twice and still don't like it.  I don't think I will order these again.  There's always good and bad items on all restaurant menus.  I guess it just depends on each persons preference.  Maybe I've been going to this place for so many years that I just wish they would step up their game and just "WOW" me.  I need a good lunch spot downtown.  The reason why I still go here despite the dirty dishes is really because of one dish.  I can't get it anywhere else and I can't seem to get quite like this.  This one dish, a dish that was created many years ago by the original owner, is simply perfect.  I love the grilled eggplant mozzarella prosciutto sandwich.   It's soft, salty and crispy. The sandwich bursts with flavor and makes one forget that the plate could be kinda dirty.  :)
1	Three stars is very inaccurate. The service was bad. The food was worse. I would not eat here again no matter how hungry I was. The fruit was not fresh. They did not toast my cibatta bread. They did smile while giving us crappy food though. At least they were friendly
4	Great pastrami! Hot and served with  ripe fresh fruit and salad. A great deal and great service, what more do you need?
3	In a week or so I will no longer be close enough to take in lunch at Lucas.  This is a unique little lunch shop that unfortunately doesn't quite have a niche.  The price here is right.  Less than 10 dollars gets you just about anything on the menu including an endless soup, salad, pizza and potato bar.  They also have burgers, empenadas, sandwiches and other interesting items.  I wish the taste was better.  The food is merely average here. The Pizza reminds me of Cici's, almost an afterthought.  The salad is fresh but with few non-standard items.  I enjoyed my potato and soup but neither was knock your socks off.The bottom line, great value, filling food falling just short of my hopes.
4	Great service. The waiter helped me pick out something not too meaty: the avocado salad, which was very good; he suggested salmon as an addition and the salmon was great.I ordered a chivito (an Uruguayan dish) to go for my wife: they do have the traditional sandwich version but the main menu's version comes on top of some fries. (It's a ribeye steak, fried eggs, bacon, ham and cheese). My wife joked I was trying to kill her with great food, while I got the healthy salad.The all-you-can-eat salad bar (plus soup and pizza) looked OK, but I can tell the best food is on the menu. Sit down and order something!
5	Really neat old church converted to a restaurant. It was a few blocks from Fremont.  Very clean, the food and service is excellent, and the prices were great. Everything was fresh and hot. My husband ordered the Chirizo Breakfast Wrap and said it was the best thing he's had in Vegas so far. My dad ordered the Egg Salad in Croissant; he said, "the bread was soft and the egg salad had a good flavor".  I couldn't decided between the Argentine Lomito and Milanesa sandwich.  The waitress said the Argentine Lomita was more popular but her fav was the Milanesa. I ended up with the Milanesa and was not disappointed.  We also ordered 1 beef empanada and filling was reminiscent of Cuban Picadillo, which I love.
4	Spitting distance from fremont street making it a nice alternative to casino food. The menu is huge and eclectic with argentinian food, Uruguayan food, pizza and typical American breakfast. While we were there two different argentinian families bought out their empanadas--they must be good!We had the sausage breakfast sandwich and Denver omelet. They were both totally decent.  We also had the iced coffee which was good though came with milk without asking... Next time we'll have to get more adventurous with the menu.Great service and awesome high, vaulted ceilings.
3	Went here for breakfast one day when I had to be downtown after reading Misti Y.'s review of the place.  The building architecture was definitely interesting and fun to look at, and the food was fine, nothing to exciting, but a fine breakfast.  If you're looking for a deal, the breakfast special is probably the way to go.  Also, don't let the name fool you, this isn't an Italian place, I'm pretty sure it's Argentinian.  Either way, perfectly good place to go for breakfast when you're downtown.
3	I have a soft spot for Luca's.  It may not be the best food, but it's always satisfying, and it's affordable.  My favorite option is usually the lunch special - either two slices of pizza and a salad, or two empanadas and a salad.  Both of those are $5.95, so you're dining for under $10 downtown.  The empanadas are crispy and savory, with my favorite being the chicken and corn.  I also like the beef empanadas, which usually have a little potato and green olive in the filling.  All the empanadas are served with a super-garlicky chimichurri sauce, so beware if you're returning to work after lunch.The pizza is nothing to write home about, but the nostalgic part of me that loves school cafeteria food really enjoys the cheese pizza.Overall, Luca's is a pretty quick, always satisfying, inexpensive lunch spot in downtown, and I'd definitely recommend it!
3	Lucas is great if you work downtown and you're having a rough day that requires working through your lunch break. Call, place your order and your food will arrive within the hour. It's the only place downtown that has been consistent with delivery times and quality of food (outside of ordering pizza). It's not the GREATEST lunch spot in the downtown area, especially with the emergence of new, and fabulous, lunch spots (like Le Thai and Eat...) but it's definitely my go-to delivery spot. I almost always order a salad (greek or caesar) and have never had any problems. Salads come with dressing on the side and a bread roll. Really tasty, in my opinion. My only qualm is they tend to over-charge, especially if you want to substitute anything or add meat to your salad. I've ordered the Reuben and BLT in the past -  not bad! They've got decent french fries and one of my co-workers really loves their empanadas. The menu is huge so you shouldn't have trouble finding something that catches your eye. Although, I advise against ordering any of the soups because they lack flavor.Also, there's an AYCE salad bar if you chose to sit and eat rather than have it delivered. I've never actually been to Luca's, but this is what I hear around the water cooler!
1	It is with great pain that I give Luca's only 1 star. I tried to love this little place, I really did. I went back multiple times, giving it chance after chance.Located inside an old church, the building is unique and fun on the outside. The inside is a bit sparse and lacks imagination, but even that can be forgiven. What can't be forgiven is the bad food coupled with the bad service.Any particular request  will have to be made of a waiter at least 3 times to get a reaction. "Can I get extra mayo on the side please?"...10 minutes later, "Um, I asked for mayo on the side."...5 minutes after that, "Yeah, I still haven't gotten that mayo I requested." To add insult to injury, the food does not even remotely reach restaurant quality. The breads are delicious, I believe they have some sort of bakery in the morning and their bread products are all made fresh. You can really taste the difference between the bread and...everything else on the menu. I can't even call out one food from the menu, because it is ALL bad.Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. You will leave frustrated and unhappy with the food and the service.
4	They close at 3pm so get there early. I ordered a turkey and bacon sandwich. The sandwich was ok nothing special.
1	El Gaucho. More like el sucko. Being that this was by the court house a bunch of us went while on break for jury duty. The server took up our entire 1.5 hour break to bring us 1 burrito and an omelet.Terrible.  I would never go here again.
