3	Very pricey even for the airport.. though fresh and acceptable. The bagels don't have that chewy bagel texture, more like bread. In a pinch, it'll do.
1	Bagel breakfast sandwich was blah, under toasted bread and no flavor whatsoever! Yuck... But the worst part was the service, we walked up and the only person there was the chick at the register. We started to place our order and she looked at us crazy and said she doesn't do orders. WTF? So who does, the customer?  She then proceeds to tell us that the order maker took off and we're like uh huh? So you can't take care of it, because you know toasting a bagel and slapping some pre made stuff on it is hard work... So then she decides to pop her head in the back and asks the other chick are you coming back and this mystery person takes her sweet molasses time to show up. Once our order was placed she did get them made but the whole thing put a bad taste in my mouth and the sandwich made it worse! Stay away, if pressed maybe just eat some artery clogging burger king...
2	No no no no no no NO! A bagel sounds like heaven before an early morning flight following a weekend in which you've slept maybe a total of 5 hours, right? Well, if it's from this place, wrong you are! I really just wish I'd braved the line for some greasy egg sandwich thing at Burger King. And for the record, I understand that the western states overall are not known for their bagels. I did not, however, think that I was spending three dollars on a slightly warm (when you toast something, you've gotta make it BROWN, people!) circular hunk of what was essentially Wonderbread spackled haphazardly with plain cream cheese. And despite what my Placerville upbringing would have you believe, I have a strong aversion to all things Wonderbread. And no lox schmear! What are you, crazy?!?? Two stars because the service was great. But ughhhh.
3	Las Vegas McCarran Airport - where people arrive wide-eyed and leave bleary-eyed, exhausted and in a state of general confusion.  The airport itself is a mess - especially the Southwest neck - it's busy, dirty and full of people laying everywhere, their livers pleading for mercy (am I in India again?).But I have to admit, that for me, the Great American Bagel is a little ray of hope - a sign of the normalcy I'm returning to.  It's not great, but a nice little turkey, bagel sandwich is far better than the greasy options at the other, packed, dirty dining options.  It's overpriced, but that's expected, not only are you in an airport, but you're in Las Vegas...so a 7 buck sandwich is by my standards, a steal!  The people are not all that friendly or fast, but you too, would lose your people person skills working with the post-Vegas vacation crowd.  So work on your patience, get your recovery bagel, retreat to your dirt-ridden corner of the airport and feast away...reality awaits you.
2	Since you are at the airport, of course you expect it to be expensive.  I got the chicken parm which was not bad.  My stomach did not feel all that great during the flight so maybe it wasn't that good.  I think i will just stick to McD's when at the airport.
3	I'm glad there is an option near the Southwest gates that offer something other than burgers and Mexican food.  Because it's different, it's also pretty popular, so there can be a wait.  Each time I've come here, there was a wait, but the staff were cranking out orders as fast as they possibly could (it's all made-to-order), so I've been happy with service. On my most recent visit, I got the French Toast Bagel with cream cheese - my favorite breakfast served in a portable way?  Heck yeah!  The bagel was good, a great blend of cinnamon and maple syrup flavor.  A couple bites had a hint of onion though, as if it had rubbed up against the onion bagel.   Onions do not mesh well with french toast. I think their food prices are pretty fair, considering it's an airport location - but my bottle of OJ cost nearly as much as my bagel!   Still, a good choice when you need to grab something before your flight.
3	We were in a hurry to get something for the Flight and so we picked this place. I tried the pizza dipped Bagel - which was really good and did not need any additional cheese.The other specialty Bagels where not that great or to mention about but I would still recommend this place if you picking up something for the flight. The Chk bagel was not packed well and had its juices leaking in the pack - we should have eaten before the flight
4	What did my friend get me into?Everything bagel with veggie cream cheese and 2 slices of bacon.....Its amazing.Thanks a lot Kay! lol
4	When this is the only thing that's really open at the times you're hungry during a very long (18-hour) delay at the airport, you take it and run with it. For dinner I made my own chicken sandwich in a tomato/pizza bagel, and for breakfast I had just an egg and cheese on jalapeno. It's no gourmet bagel, but gee, people, you're in an airport.
3	Trust me to go to a bagel store and get everything but a bagel. After a week of Vegas living, I wanted to get something healthy and got a fruit cup, a vita coconut water and a banana. Damage was $15. The lady at the counter gave me a good natured ribbing about my diet. It did take another week to detox from that trip though.
3	This location is limited so not all items listed on their website is available. No smoked salmon! :( they're also limited to only 3 cream cheese flavors (plain, strawberry, and I forgot the 3rd option. I got a toasted asiago bagel and it came out greasy :( the staff was nice and friendly tho.
3	We were hungry and limited on time so this was perfect for us! I shared the Asiago omelette on blueberry bagel with my mother and my man had a tuna salad on wheat bagel.. The sandwiches are pretty big and I definitely recommend the asiago omelette.. It was tasty and included roasted red peppers...Service was whatever.. There were only 2 people working which made it seem like they were overwhelmed..You order to the right and pick up at the left. HOT TIP: blueberry bagels have sugar crystals sprinkled on them.
1	The staff was not friendly at all and it is greatly overpriced, even for an airport. I waited in line and asked the lady what soups they had, she had to look into the pots and asked another worker. I stated I'd like to order the ham and swiss and she asked if I waited in line?! She saw me waiting like everyone else! The other worker ensured her I did. I tried not to let it get to me and I proceeded to finish my order with clam chowder and a bottle of water. She ran my card and I asked if I could also get a cup of hot water. They wanted to charge me  $2.88 for the cup?!?! I just spent over $20 here!! I'd understand if I didn't buy anything else and just wanted hot water but seriously?! How greedy is this company?? Not a great start to a busy schedule ahead of me.
3	One complaint about the C Gates inside McCarran Airport is the lack of places to eat at. Your choices range from their gift shop for snacks or lousy service at Jose Cuervo  Tequilaria. Kudos to McCarran Airport for opening the Great American Bagel. The Great American Bagel has become my go-to spot when I'm McCarran's C Gates waiting for my flight. The reason is simple...it's quick, they have grilled chicken breast, and the ladies behind the counter remind me of my mommy. The bagels are good too.
4	French toast bagel is a must try!very good! and it really does taste like French toast.I am amazed.However, requested toasted but it's not really toasted. so minus one stars
