4	Montreal's Caribbean community seems to know about this place, but few others do. Located at the end of the commercial strip on Victoria in Plamondon, it's easy to miss, which is a shame.I've been to La Maison de Cari a few times, and each time had a fantastic, reasonably priced meal. The roti are fresh, and stuffed with excellent, flavourful stews. Dinners include the range of Caribbean dishes: oxtail, goat, red snapper, etc. And I love the fresh sorrel drink.Is this the best roti in Montreal? I haven't tried many of the rest, but I wouldn't be surprised if it is.
4	Have you ever had an orgasm in your mouth?Well, that's exactly what happened to me when I tried their Jerk Chicken, flavors exploding everywhere. Spice, zest, heat, tang, all at the same time!The litmus test for Caribbean food has always been how well they do their Jerk Chicken, Oxtail Stew, Ackee (fish) and fried plantains. I have not tried all these items but based on my experience with the Jerk Chicken and Chicken Roti (voted the best in Montreal) that will soon not be the case.If you can't stand spice or heat, or like your food bland, then don't come here, go to Burger King instead. Vegetarians  also have options here as they are items like Vegetable Roti on their menu.All items on the menu are $12 or less, this place is a bit small, maybe seats 20 people max, and there is a take-out counter. Not high end dining by any stretch of the imagination but if you need a spice fix done right, then this is the place for you!
5	Excellent. Bloody good food - big portions, spicy and dripping with delicious sau---goddamit, I'm actually salivating as I'm writing. I'm calling right now to go pick up some curried goat with plantains. Awesome!!!!
4	Great Caribbean food, certainly the best I've had in Montreal.Tried the Oxtail, knife barely necessary!  Great flavors, Jerk Wings were flavorful and falling apart, but a bit soggy.Most definitely worth the trip!
3	I went here a couple years ago. The rotis were fine. But what really made this visit a memorable one is that two women started a fistfight while waiting in line. Believe me, you never forget that day. Lol.
2	A good restaurant located in one of the worst neighborhoods in Montreal.  It's truly a shame where this place is located.  I know A LOT of people, myself included, who stopped going there not because of the food, but because of the crime in the area.  Broad daylight or dead of night, the local gangs don't seem to care.  They will jack you up, and beat you down if you resist.  But to the resturant itself, the food is great.  It's an icon of the community.  My only complaint is the dough in their doubles is too moist and gooey.  It's never properly cooked.  Their salad is also bland.  It's just cut lettuce with some tasteless orange dressing.But don't let those two things change your mind.  The overall food experience is really good.  It's not the best quality but it certainly has flavor, especially their king fish plate.   But a WARNING on if you get their chicken roti.  There is often a lot of bones in it (which is why I am giving a 2 star.. a signature Caribbean dish they managed to mess up so badly because someone is too lazy to take the bones out of the chicken?).  The prices are decent for what you get though.So if you unfortunately find yourself in that part of town, be sure to leave your ipod and wallet at home, and head on over to the Curry House.
4	Good experience. The Goat Roti was yummy, drinks good and service is self serve. Prices are cheap, plus you can eat there or take out. Lady behind the counter seemed passionate about her food. I will come here time to time.
3	The Caribbean land mark has been around for over 30 years and has maintained one thing Quality .. every plate is done with the same passion as a  Jamaican mom cooking in the kitchen all day with no help. the total disregard to basic standards goes to show that these people know how to cook and serve great food .. from the Ox tail to the Roti's will blow you away .. with Caribbean music playing in the background you can't help to order a rum punch a relax to the chill vibe.
4	It'd been about four years since I'd last had a Jerk Chicken, so I was pretty excited about going to this Caribbean restaurant and seeing it on the menu. I wasn't disappointed!It's not a fancy place, and you certainly wouldn't bring anyone here to impress them, but for a quick fix of great food it's a good option.The plate came out PILED UP with food. A really generous serving of chicken, a good sized amount of rice and peas (although, this looked somewhat less than freshly prepared) and a heap of salad. The fried plantain was a really nice touch too.Going to any restaurant and having a decent sized meal of tasty food for under $15 is always a pleasure. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	We found this place by luck. We drove down Victoria looking for anything interesting and fist corner we saw was here.I had the mutton Roti which was excellent, while the wife had fish and my son chicken with rice. All was excellent.We ordered jerk wings which were pretty interesting but way to much salt. Actually brought my blood pressure up!!! Would have given 5 stars if that was done right.Service was good and very well priced!! Although area did not look the greatest. I will go back to get my Caribbean fix in the near future!!
4	My boyfriend took me there a few weeks back and I love it. Doesn't look like nothing at first because the place is so small (maybe sit 20) but once you walk in you fall in love with the ambiance. Great Caribbean music, all the smells come together and the staff is smiling and very friendly. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that the service is a little slow and you have to stand in line to get your order taken.Everything on the menu is no more than 15$ and you get very good portion. Perfect use of spices not too much but just enough that you can get your spice fix. My boyfriend and his brother had a Rotti that I tried and wasn't crazy about but the jerk chicken was to die for.So since that first time my boyfriend took me there we have been back many time and its always good. This is one of the best place in Montreal to get Caribbean food.
5	This has been my go-to for Caribbean for 10 years.Great decor and the staff are straight and to the point. Daily specials.
4	My wife had a nostalgic 'three winks' kind of moment driving around her long standing neighbourhood. She bethought of this carribean joint which sold, instancing, roti and patties. She used to fancy them as a child. I had the beef patty. The shell sure was flaky and of golden hue. The filling gave me a cue of an aromatic blend of  curry spices. A suited and clean bite that leaves no maculated hands.
