4	Before I get into the review, I just like to know why WEST Sunset Rd is simultaneously located to the EAST of E. Sunset Rd and also to the West!?  Who is the historical drunk and opium smoking individual or commission responsible for naming this road in Las Vegas, and why is this confusing anomaly allowed to persist?  Could it have contributed to the low test scores of Nevada education system and the general dismal geography knowledge of the Silver State?  This is the burgers and hot dogs restaurant inside the updated local casino now called Wildfire Sunset.  The fact that the internal atmosphere inside the casino and thus Wildburger does not reek of aged cigarette is reason enough to bump it up a star.  Plus it looks clean, the staff does a good job clearing tables as guests leave after their meal, and even the plastic beverage cups look refreshingly new, all contribute to a positive guest impression.They have a simple menu.  And is operated like a fast food restaurant, where you place and pay for your order, and wait a few minutes while the kitchen prepares your order.For the late night and early morning crowd (11pm to 1pm) they offer their breakfast menu (Build Your Own Omelet, Bacon & Egg Platter, Pancakes, and their Wildburger Signature Breakfast Bowl).  $5-$8They also serve hot dogs (Chili Dog, Giant Hot Dog and Giant Bacon Wrapped Dog).  $5-$7However, I will go out on the proverbial ledge and hypothesize that most are there for something from the burgers and sandwiches portion of the menu.  You can build your own or order one of the pre-conceptualized burger combo.  The cashier told me the most popular is their Classic Cheeseburger, but they also have The WIldburger (basically the Classic + their signature coleslaw), a Cajun Turkey Burger (if you don't like the red meat) or a Crispy Chicken Deluxe Sandwich.  $7 and up, depending on how many toppings and sauces you want on your order.The Classic Cheeseburger was decent.  Loaded with veggies and 1/2lb Angus beef patty, and comes with a side of fries or onion strings.  The portion is large enough for all except amateur competitive eating contest hopefuls and beyond.Chicken Wings and Boneless Wings with 9 flavor options.  $0.75 each when ordering 8pc, or $0.66 each when ordering 12pc or 15pc.Two Salads selections, in case you are in the mood for some crisp fresh salads.Desserts selections are limited to Deep Fried Twinkies and their Made From Scratch Ding Dongs.  I tried the DF Twinkies mainly to see what it taste it, and can officially cross it off my bucket list.It is a decent spot to grab a bite when you are keeping yourself entertained at this small local casino.  If you are in the area, by all means drop by, but with Wildburger locations distributed in various parts of Las Vegas, it is not reason enough to go out of your way to hit up this spot.Summary:  Inexpensive food that is decent, served in a clean and pleasant environment by friendly & helpful staff.3 + 1 stars!(This review is subsidized by Groupon Featured Deal)
5	I go here about twice a month and this stuff is delicious!  You can get exactly what you want at that very moment right on your burger!  The only downside I can think of is that I brought my friend there to try it and he ordered a hotdog....
