5	Dr. Cohen & staff are the BEST! He knows his profession & it shows! Thank you for such EXTRAORDINARY SERVICE! I highly recommend getting allergy shots!
5	Dr. Cohen & his staff are exceptional!  Wendy is awesome!  I have to go to his clinic 2x/week for allergy shots and it's a drive, but always worth it!
4	Allergy season is in full affect and my sinuses are screaming!  This place is a little out the way but the only place I could get an appointment at a reasonable time.  On top of that, this would be the first allegist I've seen in almost 10 years.  SHEEESH!The waiting area is big enough and has two different desks, one for the allergist and one for the shots.  The receptionists were kind of a drag and would be compared to clerks at the DMV.  I tried practicing my comedy act with them, but no one bit my bait.  I have to blame them because let's be honest, I'm funny LOL (jk).Once you're called back, the nurses bring you into a room to ask more questions and do some testing.  There's bBig furniture recliner chairs in the actual rooms which is odd and unexpected but a pleasant surprise. The nurse with the short platinum hair that helped me out was super sweet. She built a lot of rapport with me and I appreciated her impressionable personality. My doctor was actually his practitioner Dr Robert Rowe. Wanted to ask if he was related to Mike (dirty jobs), but I knew that was such an amateur move.  He was nice.  Some of his small talk was a bit awkward and made me realize why Doctors don't really do small talk.  All in all, they were helpful and great.  I was scheduled for a couple more follow up appointments and was sent on my way with 5 different prescriptions.  Thanks to Dr. Rowe, my allergies are tamed...for now!
5	Dr. Cohen is one of the best immunologist in town.
5	I just couldn't take it anymore and neither could  my coworkers so I researched Yelp and Google and Dr. Cohen appeared to be a good choice.  I also appreciate the late office hours on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.  I've struggled with allergies the majority of my life and Claritin had been taking care of it but it just wasn't working as well anymore.When I called to make an appointment I was informed that to see Dr. Cohen would be about a month out.  I agreed to see the PA, Robert Rowe, and was able to get in within a week.  My appointment was at 5:30.  As a new patient, I filled out a little paperwork and went back shortly after I handed it in. Staff is very friendly even that close to closing time. I was really happy with my visit with Mr. Rowe.  He spent a considerable amount of time going over my history and my issues and a course of treatment which involved the use of a Nedi Pot among other things.  I knew what one was but honestly they seemed gross to me but I am the type of person that will follow a prescribed course of treatment so I did it.   A week later Life Changing is how I feel about adding the Nedi Pot into my routine.    I still have a couple follow up appointments scheduled and some further testing that needs to be done but for now I am breathing clearly and have never felt better.
5	My allergies literally have taken over my life.. From bloodshot eyes, itchy eyes, swollen, rashes, eczema..The list goes on and on..While struggling to find a allergist in Vegas who gave a damn I was yet again in another drs office, paying another copay, praying something would be different.  I'm so glad I found Dr Cohens office on yelp!  Although I wasn't seen by him, I was seen by nurse practitioner Rowe..FINALLY! Some one who heard me, saw my extreme case of awful allergies.. someone with ANSWERs I couldn't be more pleased! Not to mention for the first time in a long time finally got relief!
5	Great staff- friendly and helpful
5	I love this place.... I'm ALWAYS here and the staff are phenomenal. I love all of you guys. I'm coming here forever and ever
5	Great Doctor! I've been coming here for years. We love the staff also. They are always very friendly!
