4	Anyone who likes poutine has got to try this Poutine Restaurant.Very Welcoming and rustic  decor.  Staff was pleasant and attentive to our needs. ( we asked to put the pickles on the side and not in our smoked meat poutine)   Food (poutine) was amazing,  Five of us took 4 different styles of Poutine so we could try some of the varieties amongst ourselves.  I had the Smoked meat poutine, can't recall the name on the menu, but it was very  very good, a must try.  I had tasted the Pulled pork Poutine, honestly that is my next choice next time I go.  All and all a must stop for poutine lovers.Bravo to the Staff.
4	NIce poutine. Had the Steak and Black pepper. Awesome! Great service and great food!
4	Interesting poutinerie in HoMa. Industrial vibe pushed to its fullest - and it's gorgeous. The place tries a little hard with the bottles of Sriracha everywhere, almost screaming "we'd never be so uncool as to have ketchup around".  But right to business: When your business name is Poutine Centrale, you got to deliver one darn good poutine. Good fries, the right curds, and a good gravy. Then, you can think about all the "toppings" and sides. The fries were excellent, "blanched", hot, and a bit serving. Likewise the cheese was fresh, in small chucks. The gravy was rather unimpressive, with no taste. I wondered whether it's just a powder base - which would be surprising given that it's should be able to make their gravy from scratch considering the amount they sell. The smoked meat version was excellent, with LOTS of meat that we couldn't finish.  All in all, an excellent addition to the neighborhood. Other than their gravy needing some love, I think it's an excellent poutine spot if you're in the area.
5	This attractive, industrial-style restaurant had a wide variety of interesting poutines. We went for the steak-au-poivre and Szechuan style -- both came out quickly and were delicious!This is a great place to sneak away from the stadium or gardens for a quick snack; we'd definitely come back again.
3	Some of my out of town friends who dearly love poutine and constantly ask me to bring them to new poutine locations that they read about online brought me to Poutine Centrale to try out their poutine.Esthetically the place looks quaint with their wooden tables and chairs. You'll order from a huge counter and then the food is brought to you and while it looks quaint enough one thing is pretty apparently after some time after sitting... it's simply not comfortable seating. There are no "banquets" or any seats of any sort that provide back support and thus if you want to sit back and enjoy your meal and chat with your friends you'll be mistaken. Perhaps this is a strategy of sorts to make sure that their customers don't tend to sit about too longer after they eat but all in all, it definitely took away from the dining experience. It simply wasn't comfortable beyond 15-20 minutes.As for the poutine itself, I went with a small "Le Gros Pork" which is basically a classic poutine with bacon. Overall, it was a decent poutine with good fries, good gravy and a decent number of curds but nothing outstanding. It could have been far better if there was a more generous amount of curds and if the bacon was at least chopped and put within the poutine itself instead of having a couple whole slices of bacon on top of my poutine? It felt really anti-climatic to order a bacon poutine and not see the synergy of your poutine craving come together. You eat the bacon slices and you have a classic poutine.Boring.It's like wanting a spork but all you get is a spoon and a fork. Yes, I kinda got what I ordered but honestly? I wanted my spork.All in all, a decent experience but nothing to write home about. The price-tag is about average.
