5	Dr. Greenberg is by far the best eye doctor I have ever seen. He would not settle until I had the perfect prescription for my contacts. I have been wearing extended wear contacts for years, and I have astigmatism. I had resolved myself to needing reading glasses along with my contacts. After seeing Dr. Greenberg, I no longer need reading glasses, and have never been more comfortable in my contacts. My vision has never been anywhere near this good!I cannot recommend him highly enough.
4	I had such a great experience at Ancala Eyecare.  Dr. Greenberg was amazing and I learned a lot from him about my vision and ways to help my eyes even while working on a computer all day.  Even though I took the last appointment of the day, I really felt like a patient and not a $$$ and no one rushed me.  Their eyeglasses selection is great and when I got my Nicole Miller eyeglasses they gave me a bottle of cleaner too!  I didn't get that at other places.  They knew my insurance and told me about the most beneficial types of lenses for what I need.  I will definitely refer my friends and anyone living in North Scottsdale to see Dr. Greenberg!
5	Every time I get an eye exam I try a new optometrist.  Well, I will be going back to Dr. Greenberg from now on.  He noticed a harmless anomaly in my eye and discussed it with me regardless -- no other optometrist mentioned this before.  I got my new prescription glasses within just a few days and I am very happy with them.
5	Dr. Greenberg and staff are absolutely the best. He is super friendly and approachable. I have been going to Dr. Greenberg for probably 8+ years now, and have recommended him to lots of co workers and friends.  He loves his job and it shows through to his office, staff, patients etc.  I so appreciate when doctors really educate their patients and tell you what they are doing and why.  Dr. Greenberg takes the cake here! He is so enthusiastic about the purpose of each test and what the resulting images show.  I am a bit of a science nerd, so I really love that he doesn't mind taking the time to explain things.  When I got my contacts last year, he even made sure they placed the order a certain way so that I would get the highest rebate back. Best eye doc ever! Enough said!
5	I first popped in here a few years ago to get an emergency adjustment on glasses. Even though I had not purchased the glasses there, the entire staff was so nice and accommodating I returned here to buy my next pair. We now buy all of our glasses there and couldn't be happier. They take our eye insurance and we get a significant discount on designer frames such as Gucci and Vera Bradley. They fit stuff expertly & adjust with no complaints. Most importantly, I have never met a rude person in that place!  The doctor and staff could not be more polite and hard-working.  It makes such a huge difference and I'm happy to have brought all my business here plus recommend it to my friends.
