3	The Madison airport isn't a great place to eat, but the Wurst Bar, featuring Usinger's sausages, is probably your best bet -- any of the wursts or the Reuben are fine, as long as you don't mind eating something heavy before your flight.  Certainly beats the subpar airport version of the Great Dane, a packaged sandwich from Ancora, or the unspeakable Quizno's, your other options here.(The best option, if you've got time, is to stop at Smoky Jon's on the way to the airport and get takeout.)
3	Perhaps the best place to eat within the airport.  I wasn't too much of a fan of the hamburger but the bratwurst was quite good and the service was especially friendly. next time I'm there, I'll try the "gourmet" gingerale -to be adventurous of course
3	It's always fun to try regional specialties, so thought I would try a bratwurst in Wisconsin.  I neglected to consider the airport aspect of dining, tho, and left kind of disappointed.  I wasn't sure exactly how it was served, so I made sure to ask that it came in a bun, rather than just plain.  I did get a rye hot dog bun (my first time to see this) but it was unwarmed/untoasted.  I got a little sauerkraut and was pretty excited, but it tasted just like something I could have made in my kitchen.  The good part is that I get to cross this off the list, right?
2	stopping here is out of necessity.  As in.... my united flight is delayed again.. i will grab a drink and a brat.  Service is friendly and drinks are cold but that is all this place has to offer
3	Unfortunately, there was a bit of bad luck with my visit here. Flying out, I had an hour to kill and only a day left where I'd be allowed to drink. (military orders kinda bite that way)Stopping here, right at my boarding gate, the coolers were down, so I couldn't have one last taste of Great Dane off the tap. Luckily, the tall standing fridge worked, so I went with a couple Blue Moon's to match my curds, which were standardly solid with ranch on the side. Service here was good, pricing was typical airport mark-up, but a little disappointed with the tap selection. Worth stopping here for snackage if you're flying out of this gate.
2	After eating at the Essen Haus, this place is not comparable. I had the braut which was horrible compared to some of the bomb ones in Madison, and the Ruben. The Ruben was half bad but it's so commonplace that I forgot about it. My buddy and I also had a giant beer (Spotted Cow?) and that was really good but it was forgettable really compared to the delicious other beers I had in Madison.
3	Great place to just grab a beer.  They have spotted cow on tap.
3	I really like the food at this place it is pretty good as far as airport food goes. I always stop in when I am flying out of Madison which is every few months.The good.... They have fried cheese curds ( I do not leave this airport without getting some). The rest of what I have tried here is also good but nothing to really write home about.The Bad.... The prices are really high even for an airport where I expect to pay a little more the cheese curds are around 8 bucks and it is by no means a huge order of them. All of the sandwiches and brats are also very expensive for what you get. I will keep stopping here because I always need to get a fix of Fried Cheese Curds on my way out of Wisconsin but if it were not for that I would stop on my way to the airport and skip it because of the hight prices for what you get.
4	I found the food at this place laid back restaurant to be even better.  Excellent place to grab a bite between flights.
