4	I decided to hold off on writing a review until I returned my weekend rental car at the CLT Airport Thrifty. My car wasn't up to the normal rental cars I get from Thrifty. Yes, Thrifty is a middle to lower end rental car company and can't compare with the nicer vehicles from Hertz or Avis, but for your every day rentals I like them a lot. This time, even I was a little disappointed. I got a white Dodge Avenger with over 30k miles on it, which is high for a rental, but that's not a big deal. I was renting this car for a 4 hours drive so while I was on the road, getting to my normal 79mph, I switch on the cruise control. CRAP, the cruise control was busted. I was annoyed. So annoyed. Oh well, I would have to live with it. The passenger side vent was also broken, to add to the list of gimpy qualities on this vehicle.I was ready to write a 2 star review when I decided to wait for my final encounter. I typically don't complain about things that are wrong on a rental car because usually I'm running to the airport. Because I returned at 7am, I had to go to the counter to get my receipt and close out the bill. So, since I was there anyway, I decided to tell them what was wrong with the vehicle just to let them know so they can service them if they so choose.To my surprise, the lady at the counter (Gerry) actually gave me a decent discount off my bill. I didn't expect anything or even ask for it. I was just trying to inform them for their own purposes. This alone is enough for me to up my rating.All is forgiven when I get a nice savings! Thanks, Thrifty. You will remain my rental car company of choice.
3	Average rental for a low price, I had little choice but to take a Thrifty car when their price came in way lower than their competitors. I had selected the "Let us choose the car" rate, which means that they get to offload on me whatever they have too many of, as long as it's "intermediate" or bigger.At the counter, I tried to get something other than the gigantic extended minivan, but the clerk said that any change would be an "upgrade," so I had to keep this monster. Minor damage, which I noted on the form and had Kevin sign, the car whined the whole trip that it wanted an oil change.After I had driven the 300 miles to my destination, I noticed that the car had an ant problem. Great. Also, once the Febreeze or whatever they use to clean it had worn off, there was a smell of something that had gone bad. I never could find it, despite looking in all the fold-and-go compartments.The minivan averaged 20 miles per gallon for my 600 mile trip, which was a lot lower than I had wanted. If you're planning on driving a long way, I'd suggest you skip the "Let us pick the car" program and reserve the class of vehicle you want.When I turned the car in and mentioned the ant problem (pointing out a couple of them!), the check-in girl wrote up a 10% coupon for me for my next rental. I hadn't asked for it, so it was a nice gesture.
2	I typically use Enterprise when I fly into Charlotte, as they have great rates, good cars, and a helpful staff.  This time, however, I waited until the last minute (during Furniture Market week, of course) and ended up at Thrifty, expecting the same quality of service.  I was very disappointed.  The man at the desk was helpful and friendly, but told me he could not give me a AAA discount since I had not included it in my online reservation.  I noted that I had tried to do so, but there was nowhere in the online reservation for that information.  He checked with the manager and then told me I was correct about the reservation site but that Thrifty only gave a AAA discount if you had entered a promo code obtained from AAA in the reservation.  Next issue:  I prepaid for a full tank of gas.  When I got out to my car, the tank was not full.  The woman at the exit gate told me to go around to the gas tanks so they could fill it up.  The woman in the gas area was hostile and would not listen to me and kept saying that it didn't matter--prepayment just meant that I would not have to fill it up, unable to grasp that I had paid for a full tank until the woman from the exit gate walked over and intervened.  As I wasn't sure how to get out of the lot from the gas tanks (which were by the car return), I asked the hostile gas lady how to get out.  Without even looking at me, she gestured with annoyance towards the correct direction.  Finally, although the car was generally clean, there was an empty plastic bottle under my seat.  Overall, I got the impression that this location isn't particularly concerned with doing things well, whether it be cleaning or fueling the cars, and has rather poor customer service.
5	Such an easy experience here renting a car.  I am a Blue Chip member and I make my reservations online so my car is always ready and waiting for me.  The shuttle drivers are super friendly and ready and willing to give advice on the best way to get back to the rental car place, etc.  Their cars are always clean and in good condition and you never have to wait long for the shuttle to pick you up or drop you back off at the airport!
2	I had the unfortunate experience of having to rent a car from Thrifty when I couldn't get the vehicle I needed from Hertz or Enterprise.  The quality of the car was below expectations and service was quite bad compared with my usual experiences elsewhere.  The staff was slow, inefficient and generally not helpful.  Based on this experience, I am reluctant to use them again.
1	Slow people, damaged Nissan Versa with a weird rattling noise that sounds like a flat tire while driving, spilled coffee and stains on the car seats, what else do I need to say?
1	Terrible. Long line for shuttle and long line for car. Avoid.
5	Let me put it this way: on here I see a bunch of people who had one bad experience and wrote a very negative review. I had an overwhelmingly positive experience, so let me balance things out here. First, the car was so so cheap. You get a Thrifty rental because it's cheap. This place offers incredible deals; my base rate was incredibly low. Second, the car itself was awesome. Full-size vehicle, relatively new, clean, performed great, high quality. Third, the service was solid. Had great experiences with the shuttle; no waits at all, friendly etc. The service at the location itself was very friendly, cheerful and positive. Your milage may vary, but my experience exceeded all expectations.
1	This is the worst rental car experience I have ever had. They have one shuttle, so it takes15 minutes at least for a shuttle to show up. When I arrived at thrifty there was a line... So people had been waiting since the last shuttle drop off. When my turn come they inform me they don't have any cars . Wait, what? I made a reservation months ago! He says they are bringing some in and to wait! The people behind me in line start hollering and asking for anything they have. He admits they have full size cars and says I have to pay$18 for the upgrade, which I do just so I can end this nightmare. 1 hour later I drive away in a filthy Nissan. Worst experience ever!
1	THEE WORST PLACE EVEERRRRRR!!!! I will never rent from them again. NEVERRRRRRRR!!!!Manager didn't even apologize AND they brought back the car I was trying to exchange, within minutes; after I told them there was an issue with it. Don't fall for it fellow Yelpers!
4	I thought they were great. At the last minute, I got a cheap rental (10$ less than at other places). Granted, it was high mileage for a rental, but it was a fun little car.Better yet, when my phone screen had died (and with it the numbers and addresses of my rendez-vouz), the staff was kind enough to lend me a phone so I could retrieve info from google. Everyone was really sweet.A word to the wise: they are a little farther away from the airport than other rentals, which wasn't a problem for me because I returned the car after hours and could drop it off at Dollar, but give yourself an extra few minutes for the two shuttles to get you to the airport.
1	Thrifty does not have a rental pickup/location on-airport at CLT, although their partner brand Dollar does. I was able to return my car at the Dollar location on-airport. What gives?  Needless stress. Put up a sign, guys!
1	Don't ever rent a car here! Old banged up cars,41000 miles on the clock. Paid for a weeks rental, charged me $25 to bring it back early even though I paid for days I didn't use!! Absolute joke
1	Do not be fooled by the slightly lower prices. It is not worth it. One, they are the farthest rental car site from the airport, so their shuttle service is painfully slow (each of the major car rental services passed by 3 times before the first Thrifty). This despite being listed as an airport site. As an added bonus, their shuttle doesn't run in the AM to accommodate 6:00am flights, so the cab ride cost me $20 extra (about what I saved). To add insult, there wasn't even a secure key drop, so I had the added worry that stuffing the keys into their fully unlocked mailbox might result in me having to pay for a stolen car. Two, their staff is painfully slow and doesn't care one iota about you or their job. We waited and waited in line while several Thrifty employees just stood around doing nothing. They also tried to sucker me into paying a $9/day NC toll fee, when NC only has a few limited toll roads. Once I got my car, I tried to do an inspection and report it to the staff, but I got waved off by one of the staff (as if to say, that car ain't worth a dang, don't bother). Finally, that's one thing their staff got correct -- the car was the worst piece of junk I've ever rented. Ugh, don't bother saving the couple of extra bucks...it ain't worth being Thrifty!
1	I would suggest going anywhere else. We waited for over 30 minutes for one shuttle to come pick us up. Once we got there, there were 4 employees just sitting around not helping any guests. The service was not great and they promised things and did not follow through. I ended up canceling my car, waiting for their bus to take me back, and then going to a different car company.
1	Truly as bad as the other reviews noted.  I had to call the "800" number while at baggage to ask if they even have a shuttle.  I thought they had a counter at the airport but they do not.  The operator didn't know the phone number for the local pick up store but said they have a shuttle.  Turns out they did and it comes every 30 min or so.  Unless you are a "True Blue" or whatever the status is called, bring a sleeping bag and some snacks as you will be waiting a while.I really only wanted a small car as I was parking downtown.  The clerk tried to upgrade me but I said I didn't want it.  She said that my car was not yet ready but the upgraded car would be ready now.  I said I'd take it for the same price.  She said no.  I thought the "not ready Yet" was just a way to get me to upgrade but... no.  I went out front with my key and did not see they car.  Workers were running to and fro and I caught two that said they would check.  After 30 minutes and asking a couple more times, turns out my car was not clean yet but they would jump right on it.  They did and I was off, late for dinner with a client.  The return went well.That said, reading reviews of all the other CLT car rental places, they all seem pitiful.  I'm taking a cab as much as I can next time.
