4	Spinato's just opened in Ahwatukee and you would think it was the first and only restaurant this side of South Mountain from all of the people there.  The place was packed!  However, it was our lucky day when our friends got there just in time to get us a prime spot at a bar table!There were servers and staff everywhere, so even though the confusion of opening night was obvious, everyone was having a great time and there were plenty of people helping out so it didn't really matter.  We ordered a few appetizers and four personal (7") pizzas.  The Trio of Meatballs appetizer was awesome!  Huge meatballs in a delicious vodka sauce (that is fantastic as a dipping sauce for any type of bread or pizza crust, so ask for a side) for only $3.99!The BF had the "Here's the Beef" pizza which looked meaty and delicious.  I probably would have had a bite, but my Da Greek pizza was overflowing with fantastic toppings (feta, kalamata olives, pepperoncini, spinach, and tomatoes) that I didn't want anything to mess with the flavors.Every day is a different daily drink special and $2 PBR all day, every day.I would say that I can't wait for the place to calm down so I can go back, but to be honest, I don't really care.  I'll go back even if it is just as busy as opening night.  The food was wonderful, the service was great, and the atmosphere is something I wanted to be part of.  The only bad part about Spinato's opening in the Tuke is going to be deciding which of my favorite pizza joints I'm going to pick on any given night!
4	Had take-out on opening night. Combo & pepperoni pizzas. They only had thin crust for now. Both were delish. Sauce is on the sweet side but plenty of flavor. Salad nothing special but fresh and crispy.Love the newly redecorated bar covered in brick with new wood floors.  Lots of TV's for the sports fans.
5	Hands down best pizza in town. Everything was perfect! Service was great!
5	Amazing food, great staff, great environment. First you must understand that I don't like Italian food, nor am I a huge pizza fan, in my world Papa John's is good.But I went to take my son, and because my best friend said it was great. When we got their the place was packed but no wait. (By the time we left they were lining up at the door)  As soon as we sat down our server got our drink order, and finding out it was out first time gave us some history of the place. I really enjoyed that.We started off with their cheesy garlic bread with sauce on the side. My son who states hates garlic bread loved this, even stating he'd come back here just for that.We followed up with each of is getting a personal pizza, mine was their "Get Meaty", my son had a pepperoni & pineapple, both on their version of thin crust. For the personal ones, to me this seems like standard hand tossed crust and it was divine.We each ate half and brought the rest home. Totally stuffed!  With our two drinks, he a soda, me a tea, our bill was just over 20 bucks. Well worth it in my mind. Our glasses were never empty, never did plates lay around on our table but we also never felt rushed or bothered.My new favorite place to eat near my house, as we walked out I got a glance at the pasta dished, I think they might be next on my list to try.Another bonus, they not only have take out, they deliver!
5	- Wait staff more genuinely interested in us having a good meal that just about anywhere else I've ever been-Drinks came the moment they were low- Perfect level of affordability and class (Why yes, I would like a 22-inch "Da Greek" Pizza, please)- Great coffee; came with a frigggin biscotti like it's supposed to- Full dinner for four with booze and dessert for less than $100 plus tip-Volume level of music just high enough to let you know that you're supposed to have loud, raucous conversation- No age discrimination in the wait staff; spicy younger ones and older folks all working hard and having a good time doing it- got our order 100% right (no onions on one half, they even did a sauce lined down the middle to divide it properly)- Last but not least, the food itself was very, very good; and I'm from New York so I'm kind of a d*** when it comes to pizzaSeriously, the worst part of the meal here was that the wait staff couldn't have some.
2	I'm a little familiar with Spinato's as I've visited their Tempe location a few times. Pizza has always been great, so when Spinato's opened in Ahwatukee I couldn't wait to visit and try some of their other items. I was pretty underwhelmed by the whole experience. Italian bread is $1.99 for something that really should be complimentary. I guess this is a sign of the times, though, so I wouldn't hold that against them if the bread was tasty. But unfortunately, it was nothing special, so please don't waste your money. There was zero flavor and nothing "Italian" about it.I personally had basic spaghetti with marinara sauce. The sauce was good, but the portion was small for the price ($7.49). Again, not very surprising. What I was surprised about was the amount of time two simple plates of spaghetti took to come out. I'm usually not one to compare the speed of my food to others in the restaurant, because I know food takes different times to prepare and all, but I have do it this time. While we were waiting I had time to observe a table of five that were ordering at the table next to us. They spent quite some time giving all of their picky special requests, yet they still received their food before us. All of that before two simple plates of spaghetti?I was very disappointed with the service we received. There were employees everywhere, and everyone was very pleasant, but I do feel like our server ignored us to pay more attention to the table next to us. I don't think it was a coincidence that this other table had four servings of alcohol. I guess he didn't want to waste time on us when he thought he'd be getting a bigger tip from them. Again, while waiting for our food I had time to look around and I saw another one of his tables (also without alcohol) being ignored as well. The only time he seemed to make us a priority was when a manager came over and asked if everything was okay.  Then he rushed right over to clear our plates and ask if we needed dessert. I'll still give them another shot and pick up a pizza in the future, but I'll stay away from dining in.
2	If Pizzeria is in your name you should do pizza really well, unfortunately Spinato's does not.We walked in, friendly staff, newly remodeled dinning room, comfortable booths, and a large menu.We opted for a Plain cheese pizza, and a small calzone with black olives, mushrooms and the "optional" ricotta. The pizza, was sub par, the crust was like that of a frozen take home pizza, the sauce is sweet and that is the only flavor note no spices etc, the cheese was ok but overpowered by sweetness of the sauce. There are many better options. The calzone, is really a Stromboli, I wonder why the ricotta is optinal as it would be empty without it. The sauce again was sweet, the ricota and cheese was lacking in volume and the crust was more of a pastry style. Again there are better options.I can on and on why I don't like the food here but you get the point, the flavors and textures are not what I want from pizza. Plus I like my pizza sliced not cut into squares.
4	If you don't want to wait, get here before 5 or after 8:30 on the weekend.  By 5:10 they were waiting outside the door! I have to agree with Nicole on the pepperoni, feta, mozzarella ...it's a perfect combo. Thin crispy crust is their standard and I can see why.Also tried the Combo and loved it on the thin crust, but  my favorite item on the menu is the trio of meatballs-YUM!  They have the meatball making down pat.  I could go in there and just have the meatballs and bread....if I absolutely had to. The meatballs come in  marinara with hot bubbly cheese melted and just browned.
3	I have been to Spinato's three times now. Twice for takeout, once we ate in the dining room. I have three thoughts:- The pizza is good. - The pizza is overpriced.- The service is craptastic. The first time they made me the wrong pizza and I had to wait an additional 10 minutes after everyone else had received their food. No discount was given on my order. The third time I called an order in and they told me it would 30-35 minutes. My wait was actually 57 minutes. When I complained the takeout person just looked at me with a blank stare. No apology, no discount.The service is so bad it is enough to send me elsewhere, like Grimaldi's, if I am going to spend that kind of money on pizza.
4	I sometimes come by in the afternoon to get a pizza for a staff meeting.  I have to say that the pizza is solidly good.  It is thoroughly cooked and adequately balanced with cheese and sauce.  Strangely enough the sauce tastes somewhat different each time I visit.  It is good, but sometimes are better than others.This place definitely has issues with order taking.  I would say that the orders are outright wrong about 1 in 4 times.A reasonable price for a reasonable pizza eating experience.
5	Great Pizza. Great Service.We've been here a few times since it opened. And always look forward to going. We have never had a bad experience. Each time has been great. Our waiter Dave was perfect, always on the ball.
2	Sadly, I was disappointed.  The pizza was mediocre at best and the atmosphere reminded me of an upscale McDonalds.  If you're a fan of Applebee's or Chili's then this is the place for you.
3	Spinato's has great red sauce for the pasta but I prefer a more earthy pizza. High School kids love it though. This restaurant was a Chili's before, but they have remodeled and did a fabulous job. The take out door is discrete and the bar area is large and comfortable. Food portions are quite big and they have a nice selection on the menu.
5	Not sure about some of the reveiws that talk about bad service or mediocre pizza...... We were seated after a short wait on a Saturday evening and our waiter checked on us every few minutes without being intrusive...... We ordered two different kinds of Pizza and one Calzone and all three were excellent........  The biggest negative was that I ate WAY more than I should have!!!!
4	Friendly service.Good atmosphere.  I usually sit in the bar with several TV's with some form of sports playing, God forbid I have to keep up in a conversation.Greek salad is my favorite.  The meatball trio from the appetizer section is great.  The cheese they use on top is quality.  I'm pretty sure I could eat a bowl of melted cheese with some sauce alone.The sauce on the pizza was a bit on the sweet side but doable.  The sandwich was good.  The calzone was good enough to be revisited.  Their hot Italian sausage is awesome.Pasta with vodka sauce was very good.
5	My family and I have been eating at Spinatos for over 20 years.  We've followed them all over town, to each location.  I would say with 100% certainty that this is the best pizza ever.  We love the family who owns and runs the restaurants.  They are great people.We were excited to see the new Ahwatukee location open.  We were loyal to the Tempe location, but this new one is closer.  I love what they did with the old Chili's.  It is beautiful!  They really did a great job. While my review of 5 stars is for the Company as a whole, I have to say that this new location is not my favorite and I probably won't return. The food is amazing, that is not a problem.  I could eat Spinatos pizza and food everyday for the rest of my life.But this location lacks the family feel that I'm used to.  On both occasions that I've gone here, I've received poor service.  The wait times for a table are grossly underestimated.  I was told 30 minutes (at an off peak time), and it was 65 minutes later that I got a table.  Our waters were never refilled and we didn't see our server until we flagged her down to get our check.  While this location is beautiful and I'm so happy for the family, I won't be back there.  I'll keep going to the "hole in the wall" Smith location in Tempe where I'll actually see some of the Family, and get the amazing food and service that I've grown to love over the last many years.  I
3	Great service & tasty food, but canned mushrooms is a deal breaker.  It tells me other ingredients may also be not fresh.
1	Upon arriving we were greeted by the girls at the front - very friendly, nice atmosphere all around, though too many kids for my taste. So yes, this is a kid-friendly restaurant, which unfortunately translates to mediocre food at best. That is exactly what we got.There are two elements that are crucial to making a good pizza and making a pizzeria stand out from the others: The sauce and the crust. Spinato's failed on both of these counts.We ordered the pizza and when it was served it looked delicious. After the first bite is when everything went downhill. The sauce, as stated by many people, was sweet and plain - not a hint of Italian seasoning in it. I was prepared for this, and before the pizza was even served I asked the waiter for Italian seasoning. He looked confused. So I said, oregano. He brought a ramekin with a sparse amount (I guess they need to save those pennies). This did not save the pizza because of crucial element no. 2: The crust that wasn't there. I am serious, the crust was pure air, nothing to it. Wonder Bread has more substance and heartiness to it than their crust had. I have never in my life, including any frozen pizza I've ever eaten, had a more tasteless, pathetic pizza crust than what was delivered. My friend, who doesn't have a keen sense for good food, said "well maybe it wasn't in the oven long enough".  Nonsense, the quality was cheap and anyone with taste buds can recognize it. Shame on Spinato's for being so cheap to serve pizza with dough that isn't nearly half the quality of Pizza Hut ( I was dreaming of Pizza Hut the whole time I was eating their pizza).
2	I just recently moved to the Phoenix area and I was looking for a pizza place to try out, and Spinato's was suggested since the owners are from Chicago and so am I. People thought I would really enjoy the pizza because it has a Chicago taste. The service was decent and our waitress was nice. She seemed a bit stressed out because the restaurant was literally packed full. There was a wait to be seated but since I was just in a party of 2 they were able to seat us in the corner immediately. Most Italian restaurants I have been to give you bread and butter at your table for free but Spinato's charges $2 for their bread abd butter and when it came to the table I wanted to laugh. It looked like a mini kaiser loaf that had been cut into 5 pieces. Then we had to ask for Olive Oil and Parmasean...isn't that standard at Italian restaurants? We ordered our pizza and when it came to the table we were ready to dig in and try this famous "Chicago Style Pizza" but quickly we were disappointed. There was NO FLAVOR, all you could taste was sugar from the sauce. It did not taste like pizza at all...the sweetness of the sauce was just to overpowering. Had we not been hungry...we probably would have opted to not eat and just leave to try someplace else. It's a shame that this is supposed to be a Chicago style pizza because in Chicago, we definitely do not have sauce that sweet! The waitress clearly knew we were not satisfied, especially when she asked us if we wanted to box up the leftovers and my cousin said "yea i guess we can find someone to feed it to". She just looked at us as if to say "ok" but never asked us if there was a problem.
2	My friend had recommended Spinato's Pizza so I decided to try it out with her since I had never been and she had liked it. Spinato's is a locally owned family pizzeria that started in Phoenix in 1974. They now have 5 locations spread throughout the valley. Since I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants, I was more than excited to try this new pizzeria especially since it was Chicago style pizza. The best pizza I ever had was in fact in Chicago.We arrived around 5:30 on Friday evening and the place was starting to getting crowded. The hostess seated us in the bar area since it seemed like a more ideal place to sit versus the dining room. She dropped off the menus and advised that our server would be with us momentarily. We waited about 15 minutes or so before our server acknowledged that we were in her section. She got our drink and food orders since we had more than enough time to make up our minds.My friend opted to get the Going Greek salad (side $3.99) and the Tomato Basil Bruschetta ($7.29). I decided on the personal 7" sized Baked Spaghetti Calzone w/meatballs ($5.49). I decided to not drink as I had to drive and I wanted to get dessert.She got her salad and the bruschetta which she shared with me. When I think of bruschetta, I imagine it on a sturdy crispy piece of french bread or baguette  not on a piece of focaccia. Now don't get me wrong - I love focaccia as much as the next person, but focaccia isn't a sturdy piece of bread to pile on tomatoes drenched in olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The bruschetta was good but did not blow me away by any means. It had good flavor but it's not something that sticks out in my mind.Half way through the bruschetta, our server brought the baked spagetti calzone which was enormous and I got the smallest size! I can only imagine what the other sizes look like (out of control). It smelled delicious and had marinara sauce spilling over the top of it. I took my first bite and was absolutely horrified by what I tasted. The sauce was sweet?! Who on earth makes sweet marinara sauce? That should be a crime! It didn't even have the slight essence of Italian herbs that are a requirement in all marinara sauces and the sweetness was overbearing. I had to doctor it up by piling on the parmeasan and the red pepper flakes before I deemed it edible. I was able to eat half of it before I decided it was time for dessert.The dessert was Spinato's only saving grace from getting one star from me. I'm partially lactose intolerant and can't eat ice cream, ranch or sour cream (I know my life sucks!) they had gelato which I can eat! My friend got two scoops of vanilla bean and chocolate and I decided to get pistachio, raspberry sorbet, and vanilla bean. The gelato was decadently smooth and creamy. I wasn't thrilled about the pistachio as I could sense the almond extract in it and I'm not a fan! The raspberry and vanilla bean made up for it. The raspberry sorbet was tart and sweet and mixed with the vanilla bean balanced each other out.We had to be wheeled out because we were so full...it was official - I had a spaghetti calazone baby! Overall, I was not impressed with Spinato's and there are better pizzerias in Phoenix that one can go to. I like that it's locally owned, a family owned business, and their gelato.
5	Friendly staff! Tasty food! I could drink gallons of the red sauce!
4	Great food, excellent service!
2	Pizza was god but you need to take a second mortgage to pay for it
5	Great food and great service. I have never been disappointed at any of the 5 locations.The pizza sauce takes a little getting use to and to be honest I was not a fan at first. After the third time though I acquired a taste for it. The freshness of all the other ingredients and the great customer service just put this local chain over the top.The new Ahwatukee location took the place of Chili's on the NE corner of 48th St. and Chandler Blvd. This location has an extended menu from its four sister locations including additional appetizers, salads, and sandwiches. Spinatos take on a calzone is light (having significantly less bread than most calzones) fresh, and you can make any pizza or sandwich into a calzone. No gooey undercooked bread here. The crust is always thin and light but not to the point of feeling you are eating a cracker. The Brownie Bella Grande is simply amazing. I am not even a dessert guy but the warm brownie squares, gelato ice cream, and chocolate sauce is just too good to resist. This is one of those local restaurants that just gets it. Great food, great prices, and great service.
5	I have no idea why some people give bad reviews about this place. It goes to show you, you can please everyone. They are probably griping about something that their own fault...there are many people like that.In any case, my friend and I arrived at about 5:50 PM this past Sunday. It was pretty crowded, more than I thought for a Sunday evening and thought we would have to wait forever to get a seat but they said we'll be seated when the girl comes back from seating someone else. We were seated at 5:52 and the waiter came and got our drink orders. Everyone was very pleasant from the host that seated us to the waiter to the server. The prices were very good as well. We placed our orders once we decided what we wanted at 6:02. We shared the baked spaghetti calzone and the small "Here's The Beef" pizza so we can both try them. The calzone was huge and we got the smallest one (personal) and got the small 11" pizza. Both were awesome! My friend liked the pizza better and I liked the calzone better. The calzone does have a sweetish sauce but that's how I like my sauce!We had to box part of the pizza to take it home and we were out the door by 6:42. So, everything was great and not like these bad reviewers. That goes to show you that  you have to try these things yourself because all these bad reviewers have some serious issues.
5	I'm about to say something BIG! I have found the best pizza ever! Yep, that's right... *Mamma Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Spinach Pizza* (See Pic) I literally dream about this damn thing. It is heavy on the garlic so plan ahead. I can't even describe the flavor, but it is out of this world. I have only had the personal size, but I'm sure the bigger sizes are just as good if not better. I have come in here for lunch between meetings and sitting in the bar is a great spot to people watch.This location also has a great private room for meetings, its actually quiet and they are hooking up the appropriate media. I WILL be booking meetings here just so I can have this pizza. Go try this pizza...TRUST ME!
4	I'm like a Ninja Turtle -- Cowabunga! I can eat pizza everyday!  Master Splinter and I visited Spinato's, a Chicago style pizza joint.  Yum, definitely get the Nicole's Favorite cause it's mines too.  Sorry Nicole, it is now rename (Bo's Favorite) - onions, artichokes, salami, and a delictible pizza sauce -- mmmm.  Ambience was real chill, we sat at the bar area and I totally dig the posh chairs - Not Posh Spice, but I wouldn't mind :)  Our service was great, waitress was fun, knowledgable and helpful come decision time to order. - Enjoy!
2	I have had better. I think the menu is nice, the service was fine, but its pizza and for us to have a $100+ bill for five and two kids seems $$$ overpriced for pizza!
5	This place is amazing. The ingredients are always fresh, the beverages are always cold and the service is awesome. I absolutely love this place. Mama Spinatos Pizza tastes unbelievable...
4	OK, having just arrived back from NYC, and having just experienced Lombardi's there (which is supposedly world famous), it is NOT as good as Spinato's.  This is my third or fourth taste of heaven, as we often order pizza for our office crew, and each time it has been fantastic!  Granted, I stick with the plain old pepperoni or sausage pizza, so others may not be as tasty.  Doesn't matter 'cause I LOVE it!
5	Best Pizza in AZ, hands down!  This location is the best of the bunch but can get crowded.  Has a nice bar area and is a lot more spacious than the Tempe location.  They also have the full menu here (unlike Tempe) even though we usually just stick with the pizza, it is soooo good!
4	Been there twice now. Love it! Love it!  Even on a Thursday it was busy. We had no trouble getting seated though. The pizza is crazy good. Draft beer prices are amazing and the service was good. I highly recommend the Strawberry Gorganzola salad. It will blow your mind man! The bread they use for their sandwiches has to be made in house or delivered daily because it is perfect. Slight buttery crunch on the outside and soft warm goodness on the inside. The last bite of my Italian sandwich was as good as the first (I can't believe I ate the whole thing)! Go! Eat! You won't be disappointed!
5	I love this place, and even more so, this exact location.  There are so many things I enjoy about this place, I am a little torn on where to start.Quickly I will give a recommended first trip order, and then give details about what I love about this place:Drink (Any Arizona Stronghold wine, I really like their reds - Dala specificly)App (Meatball trio in Vodka Sauce - it didn't sound good to me either, and then I tasted it WOW!)Pizza (thin crust Spicy Italian (w/ Jalepanos) or (The Combo).Dessert - (Pistachio Gelato)Ok, start from the outside, work my way inside, and work from apps and drinks through dessert.Outside:  GORGEOUS, one story brick building on Chandler Blvd between 48th and 50th Street (just west of the I-10 exit).  The parking lot is very crowded during the busier times (evenings, especially Friday and Saturday).  Inside: Once you are inside the building, there isn't a large waiting area, and once you get your seats, you will see why.  They maximum the space in the building for those sitting and enjoying their food/drinks.  Even in the areas where there are more tables (eastside of the building), it never feels too crowded to me.  The westside of the building is the bar, and smaller tables with really nice, fabric-covered seats (fancy). :)Staff:  The hostesses, to the waitstaff, to the managers (who my wife and I met while dinning on a less busy Saturday afternoon) are fantastic at customer service.  I can't think of a single time we have been that we haven't really enjoyed ourselves, and part of that can be attributed to the wonderful people who wait on us.Drinks:  Very good wine selection (whites and reds) and they do a respectable job making sure to work in good, quality local winieries (Arizona Stronghold and Pilsbury come to mind).  My only (slight) complaint, is I would like to see a wider craft beer selection (especially as many local brewers as possible, Four Peaks, Sun Up, to name a few).Food: OMG! This food is always fantastic.  My wife and I always get the meatball trio in vodka sauce.  These are the most moist and flavorful meatballs I have eaten, and that doesn't even include the vodka sauce and cheese in which the meatballs are cooked.  Pizzas - Haven't had a bad one yet; the only one's I am not as in love with are any of the one's that come with spinich (I think because I don't love cooked spinich, not because they aren't doing something right).Sandwiches - Haven't had one, so no opinion (although the ones to pass my table smelled great! :) ).Pasta - My wife had the special, which was a seafood and pasta dish  which had scallops (cooked perfectly), baby clams, and shrimp (so tender) in a wonderful tomato sauce.  I don't like clams, but this all blended so nicely where no parts of the seafood or pasta, or sauce over-powered one another.Dessert - I know Italian resturants should have a good cannoli (and this place does), I am usually so stuffed from my dinner we never order it.  Until our last trip, when the waiter (playfully) made us order the gelato (Pistachio).  We are so glad he did!  We loved it!With a large selection of food options, there is something for everone!
4	My motto is keep your money in town!  So we met at Spinato's just to see what we could see.I had (exact quantity redacted) glasses of the WildChild Red which comes from the Pillsbury Wine Company up in Jerome.  I want to driveup there to stock up!  GOOD RECOMMENDATION from our waiter Capn Jack Sparrow, thanks!Caprese Skewers, Bruschetta & Meatball Trio were all hot, fresh & super tasty.  So was the Thin Crust pizza.  Fresh and flavorful.  Cut in Reasonable serving sizes - thanks!Good Food - Good Service - Good Ambiance.  We thought the prices were great! No pressure to flip our table or keep our noise level down!
2	Went in around the beginning of September, place was crowded and loud. Food was just ok, can't compare it to the best in Tukee, which is Florencia. We waited 45 minutes for our pizza before my husband went to get the manager. Woo hoo - given free dessert. Lame. This is one to skip.
4	The pizza was fantastic!  Absolutely go with the thin crust and not the thick, it is the best thin crust pizza in town and is their specialty.  Crunchy buttery crust packed high with toppings. If you go with the L'Italian (add caramelized onions) and the Super Six, you can't go wrong! Just a cool observation - While we were waiting for our table in the bar on a busy Friday night we saw servers/hosts walking around to the packed waiting area with pizza for people to munch on while they waited for their pizza.  Genius!  This family owned business does it right.   We are very impressed so far with their pizza.  We will certainly be back for more.  If we can get ourselves to stray from the pizza one night, we hear the calzones are to die for! I vote: "Nom, Nom, Nom, Nom" :D
5	I love the sauce at Spinato's!  They make a great pizza!  A must try in the Valley
4	Went to Spinatos for lunch with some friends,  and I didn't have pizza!! What you say??? Man my daughter works at a pizza joint and brings pizzas home and smells like pizza, let's just say I am pizza out!  So what did I have you ask??   I had the Michigan Ave sandwich,  it was a thin chicken breast with red peppers, arugula, some red onions & pesto mayo on a ciabatta bread with a caesar salad. The bread was prefect!  I didn't really care for the arugula, but that's just me, I should have asked for it without it and go heavy on the onions.   It was a good lunch, and I would go back again!
5	Coming from Chicago, it's hard to find good pizza..until Spinato's came to town! Been there about 10 times now and it's consistently YUMMY! The sauce has a slight sweetness to it, and the pizza...fuhgettaboutit!! Good service, they always get the order right.  Just ask for the pizza to be crispy as the dough could be a little mushy if you don't ask for it be crispy.  Must have!!
5	I'm moving them up to a 5 star review.  I had family in for Christmas and we all decided to go out for Lunch the day after christmas.  We had a group of 9 ( with 4 kids ) and the service was terrific and they all really enjoyed the Spinach Pizza.  The picky kids even enjoyed their wings, spaghetti and pizza.This is a great pizza place.  I have gotten carry out, delivery and eaten in quite a few times.  The restaurant is very nice and above average for your normal pizza place around here.  They have two things that make it a cut above most pizza anywhere.  The first thing is the spinach pizzas. If you don't like spinach stay away, but if you do, it's a real treat. The other gut busting thing to try if you are really hungry is the Baked Spaghetti Calzone. If that sounds awesome to you then yes it's that amazing.  It's a carb overload, but so worth it.Try:- Baked Spaghetti Calzone ( Add Ricotta )- Mamma Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Spinach Pizza- L'Italiana Pizza
5	I have been to and ordered from the Tempe Spinato's quite a few times, and I am a fan of the signature pizza. I visited this location today for an office baby shower. We had a group of about 10 and the service was excellent. Our server was fantastic she was very quick with our orders and to refill our drinks. She was very accommodating with our requests for sides of dressing, lemons and extra marinara. She even took the onions off a sandwich because the side salad was ordered without onions. The food was great; I went with the signature calzone, YUM! Everyone really enjoyed their food. Our servers brought extra plates and forks for our shower cake and even offered to wrap up the extra cake for us to take back! I wish I remember her name to give her kudos. She went above and beyond to accommodate and make our experience the best possible. We will be back for sure.
5	I ablsolutely love Spinato's pizza. I moved here from the east coast and have been very disappointed by the pizza out here but Spinato's is delicious. My favorite part of the pizza is the sauce, it's very rich, savory, and sweet.
5	Spinato's equals FABULOUS!  It is by far my favorite pizza in the valley.  It is a great place to go with the family or with a large group.  However, it is not your typical pizza.  The sauce tastes fresh and has something extra in it that gives it an almost addicting flavor.  I prefer the "thin crust" which is still on the thick side.  We always order extra for a tasty leftover treat the next day.  For a pizza place, Spinato's did not ignore the importance of having a full bar with great glassware.  Our favorite waiter is by far, BOBBY C.!!!  He is a character and a half and always makes our Spinato's dining experience entertaining and fun!  He also knows a thing or two about wine too!.   They do not take reservations and the wait can be quite long on a weekend night.  However, the pizza is worth the wait and will not disappoint!
2	For a place that puts such care into their pizza, i will never understand why they would lax on their quality when it comes to sandwiches.  Being from Chicago, i tend to be critical of Pizza, but i actually really enjoy Spinatos.  The crust is good, and they use fresh ingredients and creative combinations that make it very good.  Where i was greatly disappointed was in the quality of their sandwiches.  I ordered a chicken parm sandwich and was very surprised to see that the chicken was clearly from a freezer variety breast that we can all find at Costco or anywhere else.  This was disheartening, given the fact that the bread was soft on the inside and crusty on the outside, and all the other ingredients were spot on.  Why would they risk everything by cutting corners on their meats?  Made me wonder, how many other ingredients originate in a freezer box.  As Gordon Ramsey would say..... They probably spend more time and energy freezing, thawing, and recooking this chicken then they would with fresh product.  I am afraid to try the Italian Beef, as this is another Chicago Original that i would demand nothing less then perfection on. My recommendation to the owners is to ditch the freezer... Make all original, all fresh ingredients.  People can tell the difference.
4	I loved this place - delicious pizza and courteous staff!  We had the Large Veggie pizza and a family Greek salad.  Exceptional pie (crust, toppings).  The salad was loaded - pepperoncinis, fresh feta, red onions, crispy lettuce, kalamata olives, tomatoes...I will definitely be back!
5	Was here on a Friday night. It was a default restaurant, because the one I wanted to go to was no longer there. This place was packed and was an hour long wait. I grumbled and whined, because I thought it was going to be like the Olive Garden. Boy was i wrong! The service was awesome. While the crowd waited, they passed out pizza samples and made sure everyone that wanted one got one. Once seated our server Clint (shout out to Clint!) was the best waiter I have ever encountered. Even though the restaurant was packed, he sat down to explain all the good things to order. We ended getting a small greek salad, Half Mama spinato & The Combo pizza, and a small cheese pizza. Everything was delicious. Shockingly, the stand out was the Cheese pizza. Will definitley be back to this place. Don't let the long wait scare you away. It's worth it.
5	Yummy!Visited my sister who lives in PHX this past weekend and we tried out Spinato's after looking into a nice restaurant near her house in Ahwahtukee. This place had excellent reviews and was Italian which was what we were craving. We tried this out and was really happy with the food. They had an excellent children's menu that came with a gelato after which kept our children happy. They even gave us a toddler t-shirt for them both, it was really nice! Our server was very prompt and the service was great. The pizza was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. We will definitely be coming here more regular when we visit. It's delicious!
5	Great pizza.  Great drink specials.  Spinato's uses local olive oil from Queen Creek for one of their pizzas.  Makes it extra special.  Good for families.  Good for friends.
5	Given the improbable task of finding a restaurant for 22 people at 6pm on a Saturday night, I brought the extended family to Spinato's.  I'm so glad I did.  The manager went out of his way to make sure that we were accommodated quickly, the service was excellent and so was the food.  All 22 people left happy, thanking me for the suggestion and raving about how good the food and service were.  If being able to satisfy such a large group on short notice isn't a sign of a great restaurant where the management and staff really know what they are doing, then I don't know what is.  We will definitely be bringing our small family back again and again after the relatives head back out of town!
4	2nd only to Giordano's. Love the sweet pizza sauce. The waiter had me do the Mamas signature and i was pretty much blown away.
2	Nothing special.  Had the Sicilian crust.  Not the type of pizza i want to eat again.  The place was crowded, lots of families.  I would go to Grimaldi's next time.
4	I love there pizza, pasta, and calzones. So does my bf. I only do pick up there I don't care to dine in much.
5	Just did take out.  Great experience.  Easy to place my order over the phone, friendly service.  Nice that they have special pick up parking spots and entrance.  Made it an in and out operation.  Ordered the gluten free pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  My husband and son loved it and have already been asking to get it again.  I had the spaghetti calzone and was in HEAVEN.  I highly recommend it.
4	Cool, Italian Pizza Place. My husband loves the pizza here. The service is always 5 star. I wish they had more food choices, esp better salads.
5	I had heard great things about Spinato's pizza and last night we ordered takeout from this one. In order to please the pallate of the three of us whom were consuming, the person on the phone suggested the sweet pepper and onion pizza. They told us it would be 45 min for delivery....The guy arrived in about 40 min and it was well worth it. The pizza was delicious! Cut into squares, which I like that some places do this, it had a nice thin crust, plenty of cheese and sauce, and was also sprinkled with oregano in addition to the toppings. We were all thoroughly impressed! Today at work I overheard some colleagues planning on ordering the spinach pizza, which sounded wonderful. Will have to go for that one next.
5	i was really, really, really impressed and surprised at Spinatos pizza. we ordered a large sweet pepper and onion at a friends place last night. it was over the top scrumptious. plenty of cheese and a generous sprinkling of oregano on top lended an absolutely delicious pie! this one goes under my favorites....perhaps up there with Grimaldi's.
5	Right up there with Grimaldi's as my favorite pizza in Arizona.  Spinato's pizza is delicious.  The crust is thin and a little chewy, the toppings are fresh, but what sets their pizza apart is the sauce.  The sauce has this rich sweet flavor that is absolutely amazing.My favorite: pepperoni, onion, and bell pepper
4	The sauce is usually the under-appreciated element of pizza, but it's front and center at Spinato's.  One's opinion of Spinato's hinges almost totally on his opinion of the unusually sweet sauce.  After yesterday's experience, I've decided that I love Spinato's as on occasional treat, but it's a little rich to be my go-to pizza place.Everything besides the sauce on the pizza was nearly beyond reproach.  The crust was thin and crisp, but not like a cracker.  It still had some chewiness.  The aforementioned sauce and cheese went nearly out to edges of the pie.  The pizza was cut into squares and toppings were carefully and evenly applied.  The mushrooms were outstanding because they're the canned mushrooms that remain plump and juicy when cooking.  The bell peppers and ricotta cheese were OK, although the ricotta added even more sweetness.  One renegade black olive somehow made it on my pizza, which I found endearing.If you're not in a pizza mood, they have a full menu with sandwiches, salads, calzones, etc.  They actually have a calzone stuffed with spaghetti.  On a previous visit, we ordered it just as a conversation topic, leading to jokes like "... so why are Americans getting fatter?"  I have to admit that the little carbohydrate bomb was pretty tasty.Nothing was special about the restaurant itself.  (After all, it's a converted Chili's.)  But the pizza is special.  It's high quality and definitely distinctive, which is rare to say about pizza.
5	This review is long overdue as we eat here at least 4 times per month.  We drive from South Chandler to have this amazing food.  Wings are a super 5 star and the pizza to die for.  The sauce is one of a kind delish!  And we have never had anything but superb service!
4	This review goes out to all of the Yelpers out there who bash a restaurant after one bad visit AND to all the restaurants who don't try to make up for their mistakes--you know who you are.As a preface, my great and friendly waiter confessed to me that in all his years as professional server, he has never had an order that got as messed up as mine, but I still am givng four stars.  How can this be, you ask?  1.  The food I did get was really good.  2.  The Server and the Manager both personally came over and sincerely apologized to me.  They also tried their best to try to improve my total experience by offering an extra serving of what I really did order (to go) and an extra glass of wine (both of which I did not accept).3.  The restaurant comp'ed my entire meal4.  My server even said he didn't expect any tip.  (I actually tipped him well)  I was in the Phoenix area for business, so I was dining alone.  Now, I hate eating out alone.  Luckily, I sat at one of the tables in the bar so I was entertained by the D-back's baseball game on all TVs.  I ordered a small Mamma's Signature Spinach Calzone with sausage added and a glass of wine.  I had been nursing my wine for quite a while (about 35-40 minutes) when my server approached and told me that he was really sorry about the long wait.  Something had gone wrong causing my order to be really delayed, but he said that the kitchen was finishing my calzone now.  Finally, he added that they'd be comp-ing my wine because of the delay.I said, OK and sure enough, a few moments later, a calzone appeared.  I was starving by then and dug right in.  One bite into it, I realized that there was no spinach in this calzone--only sausage.  Although a little disappointed that I didn't get the "signature" item, the calzone was really good.  Yes, the sauce is a little sweet, but it's not as dramatic as some other yelpers make it out to be.  The outer crust on the calzone is firm, but maintains some softer "give" on the inside.  When the server came around to check on me, I mentioned that there was no spinach in the calzone and he turned a little white.  I'm pretty sure that when he had re-entered my order he had forgotten that I had ordered the Singature spinach with Sausage.  Anyway, he immediately asked if I wanted it remade.  I declined since I was so hungry.  In the end, I was very happy with the efforts made to make up for the various mistakes.  I think the fact that I did not flip out made them work all the harder to make amends.  I would go back in a heartbeat if only to try that Mamma's Signature Spinach!
5	MAMMA MIA!!! Delicioso.. Found this gem pizza place when I just travel and cruising down chandler blvd. It does looks like a high end pizza place from the front but OMG! the food experience is totally beyond my expectation. If you love pizza so much, you definitely should come here. They made the pizza and pasta from scratch and it cooks to perfection. You can smell the charcoal from the edge of your pizza. And the customer service is so impressive!. I went there for Mother's Day and the waiter gave us Italy Connoli (the crispy crust pastry filled with cream and chocolate drip) cause we waited for our food due to the very crowded restaurant!.. Whoever served me - waiter in pink shirt - you got me hooked to this place! I definitely come swing by here again..
5	Super addition to the Ahwatukee scene!I've been here a few times now, and every dish I've tried has been very good. I've tried their sandwiches, their pizza, and their pasta dishes. Oh, and the spinach and artichoke dip is divine--you must try it. They have good drink specials and all kinds of stuff going on every day of the week.The service is very friendly--every server I've had has been great. One of the times they had a new person running food to the tables. After he was at our table, the manager came by literally 30 seconds later to ensure that he was polite and mentioned the things they wanted him to mention. I was floored.This place can get quite loud at times over the weekend, especially if you are seated in the side of the restaurant where the bar is. It might have just been the night I was there, as there were three different donkey beasts braying 100 decibel laughter at regular intervals one Sunday I was there. If you are looking for a quieter dinner, ask to be seated on the other side.I feel a bit bad for Bell'Italia across the road... they've already cut their hours, and I don't think Spinato's is going to make it any easier for the other Italian places in Ahwatukee...
5	No trip to Phoenix is complete for me unless I have Spinato's Pizza.  This is the first time I have been to this new location and it is just as good as the others with a really nice decor and great service.  We always get the Sausage and Pepperoni pizza, and it's always good.  Also, we always start with the garlic cheese bread, seriously the best I have had anywhere!  The sauce on their pizza is different, a little sweet, but I love it.  If you are looking for good pizza in Phoenix, this would be not only my top, but my only recommendation!
5	This was my first time here. I was jonesing for something Italian and this was the closest. I ended up getting the baked spaghetti calzone. Unlike the other reviewer, I thought it was fabulous. Very good. I got it to go, so the marinara was on the side, which I prefer. I've never had a baked spaghetti calzone and this was a great first experience. I'll definitely come back, maybe to sit and stay a bit.
4	Great service, great price, amazing food!!!
5	This place is great!My girlfriend and I came here for the first time to check it out since we had a gift card.  We came in later on a Friday and were seated right away.  Our server, Bri, was awesome and very attentive.  Being in the service industry myself, I appreciated the good service.We tried a couple of the appetizers.  The meatball trio was delicious and the caprese stack was excellent.  We then built our own thin crust pizza which was amazing.  They have daily specials and I tried one of the expresso after dinner drinks that was pretty good.Overall, we had a great experience and will definitely go back again soon.  i recommend checking this place out if you are in the area.
5	I used to go to the Spinato's in Tempe and am SOOO glad there is one closer to me now.  I LOVE how they re-did the old Chilis interior with white tiles and brick on the ceiling. Very italian looking and cozy feeling.  They have a fantastic selection of food and the best pizza I have ever had. I'm pretty sure they add crack to their pizza sauce since it is highly addictive and sweet. We have sat in both the bar and restaurant and had the same courteous and quick wait staff attention in both areas.  My favorite item is the appetizer spaghetti baked calzone with ricotta and meatballs.  This is just big enough you can eat it as a meal yourself.  The salads are large in size and the dressings taste fresh. My favorite pizza is hard to say but the "Get Meaty" and "Spicy Italian" are both heaven in a thin crust. Check please and a wheel barrow! Oh and they have a nice selection of beers on tap.  I'm such a fan, I'm probably here at least once every other week.
2	Having heard many great things about Spinatos and having had thier pizza for lunch at work, I decided to give the restaurant a try.  I went on Monday June 11,2012 around 6:30 in the evening and it was packed, so I thought, good sign, food must be good.   This place is awful.  It was extremely loud, the service was slow and the food was mediocre.  Do not go here expecting authentic Italian food.  Its fast food italian quality at best, much like Fazolis was.  We waited an hour for our food and the server forgot to put in our order for our appetizer which was garlic breadsticks.  The Manager came over and tried to give me a free dessert for the mixup.  I passed on the dessert, I wanted breadsticks before my meal not a dessert after.  Also, the food quality is poor.  My meal came with a greek salad.  The only thing greek about the salad was the feta cheese.   Greek salad shouldnt come with italian dressing.  I have had thier pizzas and they are good.  Anything else on the menu is mediocre.  I would order thier pizza as take out and skip the insanely loud and slow dining experience.
2	Wife and I visited Spinato's this past Sat. No doubt, the gluten-free pizza is probably the best in town. However, I was lured into the Calzone with the spaghetti inside. It was AWFUL unless, of course, you like a bunch of pizza crust with nothing but cold spaghetti inside. On the menu, it is graphically described "with meatballs." In reality, there is a weighed-out portion of 1 oz of meat inside according to the manager who, incidentally, refunded my $ on the calzone. 1 oz of meat equals about 1/2 teaspoonful. Stay with their pizza which is great. Avoid the Calzone.
4	I tried "the beef" specialty pizza, and really enjoyed it.  It was almost like a philly cheese steak pizza.  Overall I thought that the pricing was pretty good, and I liked the portion sizes as well.  I would eat here again.
4	Great customer service, perfect dining area! This lightly dimmed pizzeria is nothing like the other high top table pizza places, the staff and waitress' are really friendly with along great customer service! (and I am picky with people who serve at restaurants!) this place is great for family or even with friends to get a great bite to eat. I ordered the side "Chef Eric's Caesar salad and thin crust cheese with pepperoni" I highly recommend For GREAT pizza! However the guy who was going to bring my pizza dropped it...but made it up by giving me Nicole's Notable Chocolate Chip cookies :)
4	A friend recommended Spinato's, and we were in the mood for pizza, so we went the day we got the recommendation.Our server was pleasant, made good recommendations and kept our drinks filled.  Upon seeing our difficulty making a decision on what specialty pizza to order, she suggested we do half & half...which worked out great...and we were pleased with both choices!  The salad was fine too...nothing special, but nothing to be embarrassed about either.As others have mentioned, the sauce was sweet...which didn't bother us, but was a surprising difference from other pizza places we enjoy...although, I doubt it will become our preferred style of sauce, I'd certainly be up for in again in the not-too-distant future.  The thin crust was terrific and the toppings were high quality and plentiful.We went on Sunday, and were surprised to learn that they close at 8pm, so be prepared...but, we noticed they were still seating people close to closing time.Seating was comfortable, especially considering they had a full house.  And, while it would be fair to say it was a bit noisy, it was nowhere near the volume one experiences at an Oregano's (in fact, as much as we like Oregano's food, we never dine in due to the volume level).There are a number of good pizzas to be had in Chandler--probably the most well-represented category of above-average restaurant choices in our city---, in my opinion, Spinato's can hold it's own among them.
4	little pricey, but damn are the calzones good!
4	All things being good, I really want to eat a place with good pizza. Staff from front to back have always been very friendly and helpful. The pizza and dishes are quality, making Spinatos one of those really good places in the area that is worthy of being in the regular rotation of dining out.
5	If I could give Spinato's 10 stars I would! That's how much we like this place. Their food is always delicious, the service is great and I'm oh so happy that they opened one closer to my house. They have daily specials, a great kids menu and awesome desserts. Their pizza is amazing (you can order 1/2 and 1/2 for their toppings), their pasta is super yummy, but our fav is by far the calzones! Those are to die for! We came here a lot when I was pregnant and after our baby was born, we went back with him...they gave him his first Spinato's shirt!If you go to the Tempe location, you won't be able to get pasta, just an FYI.
5	Wednesday, long day at work.  Wanted to relax,  Wife wanted to go to Spinatos.  Friendly people,  We ordered mamas Salid  and a Chicago pizza. Oh ya, half price on a  bottle wine night.  All I can say. BAM!  So good!  Now that's the way you end a long day!
5	I love Spinato's!  We usually get Nicole's NEW Favorite, it's pretty basic, but my husband is pretty picky, so....ya. Still, it is consistently delicious and well made. They also have a spinach salad that tastes amazing, and is a pretty good size portion. When we go with a group of 4, we get 1 salad and 1 large pizza and everyone leaves satisfied. Their homemade sauce (which you can buy on it's own) is pretty fantastic. I think that's what makes their pizza taste better than most others. Another pro- Diet Dr. Pepper. Not many places offer that option, so I have a special place in my heart for those that do. The only downside I can find with Spinato's, is that they need a location closer to Gilbert!
4	My quick summary:  Spinatos is a gluten free Italian heaven.I have a gluten intolerance, so my fiance and I have to have gluten free pizza crust.  Sounds simple, but it is super hard to find a good one.  Spinatos has made an art out of it.  It does not taste like it's made of anything but regular flour.We ordered it for delivery, and they have mastered the art of under-promising and over-delivering.  They told us it would be 45-60 mins, but it was more like 35.  Their pizza sauce manages to be the perfect combo of sweet & tangy all at the same time.  The ratio of cheese & toppings was perfect.  It's even good cold for leftovers.The only complaint I have is that I wish the gluten free pizzas came in larger sizes.  My fiance & I had to order 2 of them, as he can pack away the pizza & I wanted some too.
2	My husband had gone to a different location than Ahwatukee and said how great it was.  He stopped on the way home from work one night and got us a pizza.  I was not real impressed, thought the sauce was a little sweet and the crust was just ok, kind of soggy.  A few weeks ago we tried again and ordered the specialty spinach pie.  It was delivered cold and super soggy.  Was so bad we couldn't eat it so I called and spoke  to the manager and he gave us a credit for another pizza.  Tried it again tonight.  This time we ordered thick crust half mushroom half sausage.  It was disgusting!  Came cold again, the crust was so dry that is cut the inside of my mouth.  Sauce has way too much sugar in it.  We won't be going there anymore.  We each ate one piece then threw the whole large pie away, what a waste!!  The salad also had the wrong dressing with it and the lettuce was warm and wilty.  Sorry Spinato's but just being honest.
4	The first time I tried Spinato's pizza was when my friend introduced me to it with carryout over the summer.  We went with the thin crust pizza and I really enjoyed it. The next time I was in town I stopped in and tried the restaurant itself, and really had a good time.I don't know what this place was before, but I swear it used to be a Chili's. I could be wrong, but either way, its really well decorated.  Warm well decorated interior with a full bar and a great menu. Lots to choose from, and not just pizza (even though its their specialty.)I really like the decor of this place. Not overstated, but classy enough that you can take your parents here and not have them freak out like mine do.  It feels like a great date spot too.  Service was great, and I really had a good time and the pizza and salad that I had were tasty.  I would come here again in a heartbeat. Check it out, worth the trip if you want something different and want to have a good time.
5	This place is so good! My boyfriend brought it home for dinner one night and wow! We got a cheese pizza and a meat lovers of some sort and I've never once actually enjoyed a cheese pizza before Spinato's!  Also their home made sauce is sort of sweet  which I really enjoyed. When went back again on another occasion and they were all very friendly and the atmosphere was very warm and inviting. This place has definitely become a date night go to for my boyfriend and I!
5	I've been to now two locations and love it the same every time. We always order the Chicago and are always pleased. My family is from Chicago and have found our very own taste of home every time we go here.. service is great and quality needs no explaining.. I already miss the city, but know a memory is only around the corner.. try it yourself.. thank me later
4	I love this place but the first time I went my experience was HORRIBLE! The kids pizza took 1 hour, the food was cold my order was wrong twice and the manager had the nerve to think I was going to pay for food I didn't get to eat. This experience was when they first opened. Glad I went back because I had twins for waiters and they were awesome! Totally changed my view of Spinatos. The chicken Marsala is great, bread sticks are the best and the atmosphere is hip and trendy.
3	Ordered it this weekend. They cut the pizza into squares instead of slices and i really like crust :( the sauce was good though.  It tasted really good the next morning unmicrowaved so i appreciated that.  I usually order Barros so im forgiving of this place for not being better since Barros is pretty bomb.  I'd eat Spinato's again but only if there wasn't a Barros OR Venezia's close by.
5	If I could I would give Spinato's 10 stars! We love this place...basically we are addicted. I am in love with the Nicole's new favorite . The flavors are perfectly infused. The thing is the food is just the half of it. The service is amazing...it makes the dining experience perfect. We have been there about 6 times over the past 4 months and not once have had bad service. Everyone is so friendly. Tonight we had a new waitress we had never had before. She suggested a wine that I fell in love with. Also the waiter we had the last time we were there stopped by said hi and made sure we were being taken care of. They really are great at what they do, Other restaurants need to take tips from them.The food is so good you want to run in the kitchen and yell "you guys are awesome."
4	Best Greek salad, best Greek pizza, best spinach pizza!  YUM-O!
2	Big mistake ordering delivery from this place and the pizza was not good. Costco or Pizza Heaven has better tasting pizza and for a whole lot less. Never again!
5	This is my favorite place for pizza. They make their own sauce and the quality/taste is out of this world. As others have said, they really deserve 10 stars.
5	This pizza is awesome. I am such a critical pizza consumer and I can tell you that this is so good. Crust perfect, with just enough crisp balances with a warm softness, not a cracker, not mush. Sauce tastes like tomatoes (not too sweet, but great quality taste). I would drive an hour or more to eat there again.
5	Best pizza I have ever had. Mama's specialty pizza is the best. We order this almost every week.
5	Delicious, fresh!The thin crust on the pizza was great, the caprese appetizer very good, and the antipasto salad entree very large and good. Service was good, friendly, helpful and not neglectful. Went on a very busy night and they still had room for us, waited only a couple of minutes. Will go back if we ever go back to Phoenix
5	This place used to be a Chili's, then one day, it was Spinato's.  I'd never been to a Spinato's before, but I've been there numerous times since my first visit.The pizzas are delicious, there is just something about them--I think it's the sweet tomato sauce that they use.  This is probably the best pizza in the valley, IMO.  My favorite is the Spicy Italian w/ Banana Peppers.Calzones and sandwiches are also very delicious, I like the meatball and Italian sausage sandwiches.Prices are reasonable for dinner, and for lunch if you are splitting a pizza with a friend or two.  Haven't been in for happy hour but the specials look good.
1	A dissenting opinion...First timer & grabbed a calzone to go.  Eccck... halfway thru and made a pbj sandwich instead (and I'm a pizza nut).Sauce... tasted tinny like the inside of a can, and super sweet with no real flavor profile..Sausage... kind of tasted like the pre-cooked rabbit pellets little ceasars uses.Crust... thin & no 'bite' to it.  No, I wasn't expecting a deep dish crust, but this had no flavor and just crumbled as i ate.Plus... great looking place, friendly staff, ready when promised.This wasn't a "bad" pizza because they did anything wrong.  If you like their flavors.. go for it.  Just compared to most local places of quality, it totally turned me off flavor wise.  Sorry folks, not my cup of tea.
2	As much as I hate to do it, I have to amend my original review and take a way a couple of stars from Spinato's.  I am very upset to learn that I have been mis-informed several times by their managers about certain items on the menu being gluten free.Originally, I was told by their manager that all bone-in wings were gluten free because they had their own dedicated fryer.  Shortly after that, a delivery guy informed us my favorite wings, the spicey chili, were not gluten free.  The manager I spoke to about that informed me only certain sauces were gluten free, mild, medium and hot.  I ordered some pizza and wings this past weekend.  I was called & informed that none of their wings have ever been gluten free, that they have never had a dedicated fryer.Shame on Spinato's for mis-informing me on several occasions and jeopardizing my health, and anyone else's with an allergy, in the process.  Some things I was told were completely false.  I immediately attempted to contact their corporate office about this & asked them to consider re-training for their staff and managers.  I have not received any response or apology from them.I am removing them from my gluten free favorites list and will be giving it some serious thought as to whether or not I want to order from them in the future.
4	Great pizza, fast service, average spirits selection, amd friendly waiters.  This place would have gotten 5 stars, but they tried to give us another tables food, then a second waiter tried to take our order again.  It was explained that they remodeled last month.  However, the staff had a month to learn new table assignments and this waiters innability to learn the change should not be accepted from management.
4	Went with friends. Atmospere is very nice - cool and trendy - even as another poster stated. We enjoyed our food. There was pizza, calzona and a pasta dish. There reason why the four stars is because the pasta dish was lacking. Seafood was good but the noodles were not prepared well. Would go again for pizza or calzones and salad.
5	I've been to about every pizza parlor in town and for me, Spinato's has the best pizza in town.    Nice thin crisp crust, a sweet sauce which i prefer, great tasting pepperoni, cold cold beer, and very friendly staff.
2	Ok so I have been here a time or two. Each time my wife and I say ugh we need to remember not to come back here. The first time we came we thought it was awesome and were super excited to have a great place near by. Well if I remember we were drinking that night and have been disappointed EVERY time after that. Tonight our service was great but food not so much. I think we will finally throw in the towel on Spinatos. I say good day...
3	The pizza is good. The frustrating part is the hours. They close at 8pm on Sundays and 9pm on weekends. I guess that's they're business model. Seems they're leaving money on the table and hungry customers.
5	The best pizza in Phoenix.
4	Still very good, but...This location has become extremely popular and they seem more or less ill-equipped to deal with it. The food is still excellent, and the servers are very nice.However, there were issues the last three times we visited. Once was a Saturday afternoon and the entire contents of the soccer fields south of Pecos were eating lunch at Spinato's. They were extremely busy (good) but had run out of things (bad). The next time we went, there were so many people jammed in the front entrance that we couldn't even get through to the hostess station. Again, glad you're busy--but you need to set up someone outside or do something so customers can at least get their name in or find out how long the wait is. We found out later that there was a beauty pageant in town and everyone was bombarding the local restaurants. That should be no surprise though if you operate a restaurant near hotels. Stay on top of what's in town and keep ahead of it.The third time, they were moderately busy but had again run out of multiple menu items, one of which is our favorite. It was communicated at the time of ordering, but it should have been communicated at the time of getting the menus so we had time to plan on something else. It's also good form to offer an alternative to the customer, not just say, "We're out of A, B, and C. Sorry."I'll probably go back from time to time, but will avoid any possibly busy time and will probably asking the hostess if they are out of things before I'm even seated.
5	The super six is amazing! Sign up for the email club and you get $10 off on your birthday plus occasional discounts for different holidays.
1	We have eaten here at least a good 30-40 times in the last 2 years. Most of the time the service is great and fast. We had to wait or a bit neglected a few times. We have tried a lot of their items and they are mostly good or ok. The staff is very friendly, we can recognize most of them but they usually don't remember us, which is fine.  The reason we used to come often is because we live within walking distance and it's convenient. We really like the mama spinach pizza or combo pizza, the salads are good too. There are a few items such some salad dressing, a couple of pizza and a couple  pasta dishes we tried that we did not like at all. We have only stuck to pizzas' then. The thin crust is the one to eat, not the thick one. They only have pepsi products which is fine but we like Coke best. Their sweet sauce is great. Some items are really good but some taste like from a can. Their canoli was decent for the first 3 times then they started coming either empty (no filing inside) or just tasting like a sweet cheese. So we don't do canoli's anymore but I know they cookies are good. Their Gluten Free pizza is not very good a bit too expensive. Buon Gusto down the street has the best GF pizza and very reasonably priced.  Some of their staff is not well informed on Gluten free items or items in their menu. It's important for the staff to be knowledgeable when it comes to food allergy and the contents of the menu they work in. I would not trust GF items here as I didn't feel confident that they understand it.  We think ourselves to be good clients as we sometimes eat here on a weekly basis.  But recently, I order a combo pizza with the thick crust (trying first time) and we did not like the crust at all. However, the main problem was that somehow there were two pieces of chicken bones about 2 inches long mixed in with the cheese and other veggies. My husband hurt his mouth with one of the hard chicken bone pieces. We brought the entire pizza back (minus 2  1/2 slices) and they credited us the pizza and said a manager would call us next day. We never received a call or feedback. We never finished our lunch. We ended up after returning the pizza having to take the family to in-n-out as a fast solution since we had run out of lunch time. Very inconvenient to have to drive back to bring the pizza back and receive a half apology and then have to go find lunch somewhere else. We haven't eaten there since then. :( Pomo is the best pizza in Phoenix but way too far for us. So we are still looking for a decent place for our pizza fix.We just wish spinatos would be less careless for its customers and food they serve.
5	This is one of my favorite new restaurants!  I have been there 3 times now and everything I have ordered there has been really good!  They have such a variety of great foods (pizza, pasta, sandwiches, calzones, etc) and very high quality.  And I have never had an issue with their service.  I even went once with a group of 22 people from work and they did a great job handling our enormous party!I can't wait to go back to try something else!
3	I came here for take out on a Monday at lunch and was helped by a wonderful hostess who after talking to me about some vegetarian menu items, directed me to the take out area which is a great idea! It has a separate door so you can quickly pick up your take out. Very nice and helpful staff :)After so many of my friends raved about Spinato's food, I was not as easily swayed. I ordered the Mama's Spinach Pizza which was said to be their best seller. It had everything I love. My first impression was SUPER SALTY. Next I was overwhelmed with roasted garlic, like a garlic truck ran me over.  Don't get me wrong, I love garlic but it was called a spinach pizza and I did not taste any spinach although it was covered in it. I also didn't care for the overly sweet sauce. It wasn't disgusting or anything just not my favorite. Something about the sweetness of garlic when it is roasted and the sweet sauce = too much sweet  and didn't mesh well to me. I really want to give this place another star so I am looking forward to coming back and trying a different pizza. Maybe the Mama's Spinach one was just not for me. I will update my review when I do.If I were to make one suggestion it would be to LAY OFF THE SALT!  That's what salt shakers are for. If we want salt we will put it on ourselves.
5	Tasty!  Great thin crust pizza, love the bruschetta.  The sauce has a touch of sweetness which I really like and the servers are always good.  Sometimes there is a wait but it is worth it!
4	I did have a bad delivery experience (order taker put the wrong address in entirely, order was severely delayed). But the food itself is AMAZING. I now do take-away orders regularly bc my family doesn't like any other pizza!
4	Great Pizza! Fresh ingredients and thin crust. Best Pizza around.
3	I discovered Spinatos at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival this year. Tonight the hubby had a pizza craving and lo and behold, this Spinatos is pretty close to us.We ordered Mamma's special or favorite (I forget the exact name - the one with fresh spinach). It was delicious! I loved the thin crust and sweet sauce. Pizza was not greasy and was well seasoned. Probably one of the best pizzas I've had in the valley.Service was friendly. A small gripe I have is that our food took very long to come out. A very long time. Before I got the chance to mention it, our server took the initiative to tell us that our food was taking longer than usual because a large party's order was backing up the kitchen. I appreciated that he explained and apologized, but he could have offered us some bread or crackers or some fruit or something. My 3 and 5 year olds were hungry and getting antsy. I had to ask for something (bread) to hold them over and he acted like he was going to charge us for it, which I thought was ridiculous.As soon as he walked away, someone brought our food out, so I waived our server down to cancel the bread order. You would think he would have comp'd us something because we had to wait an unreasonably long time for our food. Still, he was friendly and attentive, albeit a little clueless.I'll give this place another chance. The food was great (once we got it). Very family friendly too.
4	This location is not very close by, as I live in Tempe, but when it's a Monday and you're craving Spinato's one will make the longer drive! For some reason, I feel that once the pizza was a little underdone coming from the Chandler store, but none-the-less it's still delicious. So why are the other's closed on Monday's? After camping for four days with only freeze-dried food to eat, my boyfriend and I were CRAVING some Italian goodness from Spinato's. We dreamed about it for days. Well it happened to be a Monday, and we still got what our little hearts desired, but our exhausted camper selves had to drive for it! I can barely even eat Papa Johns style of "fast food" pizza anymore. I'm becoming a Spinato's snob. Sorry. Not that sorry! My faves: Pizza- 1/2 Hawaiian and 1/2 Super Six, hot wings with ranch and a Greek Salad without olives
4	I gotta hand it to Spinatos.  When I first came here the service was abysmal, but lately they have really stepped up their game.  This place does a great job lately at being accommodating to customers and of course as always bringing out delicious food.My friends and I started coming here for the Chicago pizza, and no it is not the deep dish that city people know and love, but it is really good.  I promise.The ingredients are fresh and tasty.  They have some really good flavor combinations and a variety of pies to choose from.  Their sauce is sweet and tangy swirled over the top in a unique way.  The crust is buttery and spongy (I always get the "deep dish") with just the right amount of crunch.Also I got a cannoli on my birthday which was really tasty.I love Spinatos.  It is  great place to take my out of town visitors for great food.
5	This is my favorite pizza maker in Phoenix. I eat at or take out at the Chandler or Tempe locations. My favorite is the Super Six. The Chandler location is larger with a bar than the Tempe warehouse location. Both make superior pizza. :)
4	I'm in love. I have finally found my new favorite pizza joint! I'm usually not into thin crust, but theirs is perfect. Their pizzas have really great, fresh flavors - dipping it in ranch or blue cheese dressing is a no-no :) They also have a unique line-up of mouthwatering options, or you can top your own. The kids really enjoy this place and their menu is priced just right. For a family of four with an appetizer, drinks, 16" pizza and gratuity, I never top $50. I highly recommend giving this place a try! I eat here at least 2x a month.
5	I've been going to Spinato's Pizza for a few years now and it's one of my favorite places to come eat when I'm craving a pizza. My roommates and I always order a large pizza and the Antipasto Salad to share.  They cut the pizza into tiny slices so it's easy to eat and we always have leftovers.
4	I had a huge salad with salami, cheese and lots of olives.  I really like the house dressing, but I would have liked more meat on the salad. The meatballs were the star of the show,  great sauce and I really wish I ordered more off them. They have gluten free pizza and I almost went that direction.
2	So usually we love Spinato's the service is usually amazing and food is usually great but this time it failed to deliver and made me rethink going in the future. We have frequented this location maybe 10-15 times in the last four months which I think should tell you how much we enjoy going but this time the service was DREADFUL!!! The waiter was nice and attentive at first but then became slightly rude and distant once we ordered I was not finished with the pizza we had ordered and he grabbed my plate and said oh you are done let me get you a box and whenever we frequent Spinato's we order chocalate chip cookies to go because well we love them but the waiter didnt bother asking about anything extra and just flopped the bill down and walked away.Also the pizza was not at it's usual quality, so all in all a bad experience and we will not be back right away.
1	Came after reading reviews, but this place charges you for bread and butter.  They call it an appetizer,  rip off
5	I had a great experience here. For starters, they have some good drink specials each night. On Tuesday, they have $5 glasses of wine and $3 beers. We ordered a pizza and it was really good. Lots of toppings and cheese and sauce and cooked to perfection! For dessert we shared a canollo (yes the Italian in me wants to use the proper term! lol. One conollo, two canolli!) Ok, I digress! The server found out it was a birthday and wrote on the plate in chocolate Happy Birthday and took the dessert off the bill. Very nice. She checked on us several times and kept our drinks full. The owner or maybe manager came over and he was very nice. Very genuine and you could tell that he really cared about what people thought and wanted everyone to have a great experience. Where I would have probably given this place 4 stars, his presence and personality easily put it at 5 stars. Service was impecable. Pizza and dessert was really good, and they made a new customer out of me!
5	Love this place the pizza is excellent, the service is top notch. The employees also make me feel like family.
2	I was really hoping to like this place, but it just didn't happen for me. The place was nice and we got seated quickly. We ordered drinks while the rest of the party arrived and those were pretty good. Our waiter seemed nice and friendly in the beginning. We asked him to take a picture of my friend and I and he took a selfie first. Seems like he's easy going, but when we ordered our food, his demeanor changed. Almost as if he was annoyed at us for whatever reason.  Nothing really stood out to me on their menu, so I decided to play it safe and just go for a personal veggie pizza. I immediately regretted that decision. The dough that they use is really weird and was just off. It wasn't like any pizza dough I've ever had. The pizza sauce is SWEET! What!?? Who does that?! Since when is pizza sauce supposed to be sweet? The veggies that were used are from a can. You read right. From a can. Shocking and disappointing. The pizza didn't taste good at all. I sent it back because there was no way I was going to eat that willingly. The waiter looked shocked that I didn't like it. Sorry bro. The manager comes out and wants to know why I sent it back and if there was something else I would like instead. That was a negative because that "candy" sauce is in everything I'm sure. I thanked him and he took it off our bill. I'm sure this place works for some, but it didn't for me.
1	Turns out the manager only said he was going to remove my pizza from the bill. Never did. Class act, buddy. Never again. Ever.
5	Enjoyed the spinach pizza it was delicious. The sauce is sweet next time it's the calzone for me
5	This place is reminiscent of Pizano's Pizza in Chicago, my favorite pizza of all time. It's not quite at Pizano's level, but it beats flying back to Chicago for pizza, and it's really close, the closest I've ever had. If you love Pizano's, make a beeline to this establishment and get the thin crust, amazing.
2	If I gave this review in November of last year, it would have been 5 stars. Back then the service was nice, quick, and the pizza was delicious. However, the only thing that remains is the pizza, and that's it. The service is now awful. I went there with my family, and we were told 20-25 minutes. Nope. We were seated... 1 hour and 15 minutes later! We sat down and it took another 15 minutes for us to meet our waiter, and she didn't even introduce herself. In fact, we had to ask the servers at the front what her name was. I know it was busy, but she was only waiting us and one other table. She asked us what our drinks were with a look on her face that she did not want to be there. There was no "Hi, how are you doing? What would you like to drink?" It was just, " what do you want." No clarity or anything. After a lengthy amount of time she brought our drinks... Well most of them. She forgot 3 of them. We had to tell her she forgot some and then she brought again some of them. It took me asking 3 times and 45 minutes to get a simple glass of water. She later came and took our order, still with an angered face. She then put in our order. Well most of our order. She forgot my sisters order. She said "the kitchen forgot to make it." This was untrue, because of the receipt it said "on the fly" meaning she forgot to input the order. When it finally came out after we were all done eating, she said "here." With an angry tone and dropped the pizza on the table while nearing hitting my sisters head with it. The only good part of the experience was the food and the staff up front (even though it took awhile it wasn't their fault). I have gone there 3 times this year. Hoping it would be better. It wasn't. This is compared to the like thirty times last year. TL;DR (Too long; didn't read) The service sucked, pizza was good. All in all, bring back Bobby Carzoo. He was what made this place amazing. Sorry to say, but this place needs to make some changes.
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Phoenix. I have never dined in, only take out, but it is always crowded. The pizzas have a very unique flavor, my guess is that it has to do with the sweet sauce and thin crust. The ingredients are fresh and I have never had a bad pizza. We always get half italian sausage for my mom and half basil for me. My mom will eat hers for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Delicious!
4	I had never eaten gluten free pizza before but loved it here.  Excellent pizza, great family-style salads, attentive service, quick and easy.   I look forward to my next visit here.
4	I have been to spinatos numerous times but this was the first time at this location. The food was excellent as expected. I ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza and was not disappointed. The service was very pleasant and timely. Overall a very good experience.
5	Food is great!  Also the restaurant has an Awesome atmosphere. And to add you can make any pizza gluten free!! Very tasty
1	This place used to be great but not anymore ...kitchen is really really slow took us 50 min to get a simple cheese pizza .. Waiter was terrible and not smile no urgency .. Never going back this POS Stay away from this pizza place there are plenty other good ones in phoenix to go to
2	The food here was a little pricey for the lack of flavor it had. The server screwed up and was supposed to remove the order that was messed up on my friends bill. The service was not up to par. I've had much better pizza elsewhere and won't be coming back here. There was a reason they weren't very busy on a Friday night I'm sure.
4	My husband and I had dinner here Sunday and I must say that I wasn't wowed. Hubby ordered the pasta with seafood- which he loved. I ordered the meat pizza Sicilian style and I just didn't like it at all.  The sauce is way too sweet and too much of it on pizza. There was so much oregano on top that it over powered the flavors of the meats and cheese. I wasn't impressed with the pizza crust.  It tasted like cardboard.  I gave 4 stars because of the pasta ,ambience & good service
5	I absolutely love this place! I don't know what it is about this place but I just can't get enough. I think that the sauce they use on the pizzas is incredible and makes the pizza! The waitstaff are great and super nice. From the pizza to the calzones this place does it right!! Try everything because the sandwiches, pastas, salads, and everything else are amazing!!
5	The smell is making my hungry go crazy,
4	Well Spinato's has become our favorite pizza place since we discovered it thru a friend a few months ago so I think its time to write a review. The Ahwatukee Spinato's is a pretty nice location but the best part is that we live within their delivery range so we can get their yummy pizza whenever we want! They do have a delivery fee of $2.50 and it usually takes 45 minutes to an hour to get the pizza. So, not quite as convenient as Pizza Hut or other chains but they do have the fancy online ordering available on their website so that is pretty cool.They offer both a thick crust which they call Sicilian style and a thin crust. The thick crust pizza is sort of like Chicago style but not really since it is not so heavily loaded with cheese and toppings. It is a lot of bread but so yummy. My favorite pizzas are the Here's the Beef (steak, caramelized onions, and Gorgonzola, yum!) and the Margherita but those are both good for the thin crust. Since the hubby likes the thicker crust we usually get it with half the Signature (garlic sauteed spinach-so good!) and then half the Combo or Chicago (both have Italian sausage and lots of veggies). I've also tried the Canadian and that was amazing, too. It works pretty well with the pineapple because their sauce is somewhat on the sweeter side. They do use a lot of red sauce but I like my pizza that way.
5	Super friendly staff, super great calzone. I went with the baked spaghetti calzone which was a friends recommendation and it was really good. The 7' was the perfect size for me.
5	By far this is the best pizza around! From the first time we went we were hooked. Their gluten free pizza is the best in the state :) Ask for Brandon to serve you if he is around. Guaranteed good time!
3	We were there for a party, so i don't know prices.  The servers serving drinks were great and really attentive.  Salad was good.  i didn't think the pizzas were really that great.  For something that was buffet style, it was odd that the tables were positioned so that everyone had to slide in and out of seats (making a row of people move).  Originally they escorted us back past the bathrooms to a really small room, that they later moved a partition so that there was enough room for people to sit down.  It was still really hot, even once we weren't sardined together.
5	The provided the pizza at the Foothills Reserve Halloween party. It's one of the best pizza's I've had in AZ.
4	I live near this joint, so I've both eaten there at least a dozen times, and ordered delivery a few times.  Let me tell you something: this is both a pretty good pizza joint, and not a bad Italian joint in general!First off, they have a sandwich which I believe is called the Grilled Da Vinci - it's awesome.  It's enough to fill up even a seriously hungry dude (like myself) and delicious from end to end.  The bread is perfect, the meat is fresh and tender, the italian dressing is fantastic (ask for some extra italian dressing to dip the sandwich into).  Ah!  Mamma Mia!The pizza is pretty fantastic too.  All of the ingredients, fresh, plentiful - what else do you want?The atmosphere in here is good.  It's not too classy that I feel like I have to dress up, but it's classy enough that you can take a date here or show up for a couple drinks and just enjoy yourself.
5	Tried out some pizza at Spinato's this afternoon with some coworkers. Chose the "thick crust" Mama Spinato's pizza. Absolutely delicious is the only phrase I can really utter haha.Spinach, garlic, and a sweet sauce covered my pizza in just the right amount. The crust was crispy on the outside and slightly soft on the inside (just the way I like it). Literally no burnt areas at all or undercooked sections.Service was great (the servers kept asking us if everything was ok, always a nice touch). Will definitely be back!
4	I have heard the name Spinato's for a very long time, so on a whim I checked it out.All in all I have no complaints of the place. The service was quick and friendly, meals were delicious and decently priced, and the atmosphere and overall experience was on point.I ordered the Mama's Signature pizza, cause that what the menu told me to do, and it was not a disappointment. It was hard for me to say wether I was super hungry on this day or it was that delicious, but I could have killed this large pizza on my own, sadly I had to share with the family.Oh, I also ordered the Spinach and Artichoke dip appetizer, fully expecting it to be a bowl of dip and some chips, but it came with, what I believe was pizza dough chips. Definitely a great addition to an already good appetizer.Great place, family friendly, an all around enjoyable experience.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting. If I could give it a - 10 stars I would. Their Steak and Cheese Sandwich tasted like it had Zippo Lighter fluid sauce on it and their Chicken Marsalla with Pasta was even worse. Our waiter Joey was very rude and continuously messed up our order and we waited almost an hour for our food and another half hour for it to be fixed. Will never eat there again. Ever!!
2	This pizza could be pretty good.  That being said, the sauce is way to sweet.  We're talkin ketchup type sweetness.  I know a lot of people like this type of sauce by the reviews I read, but it doesn't work for me at all.  I much prefer a simple sauce that stands out on its own.Try Full House Pizza (Kyrene / Chandler) instead.  Their sauce is excellent and cheese grated fresh before it is put on the pie.
1	The pizza isn't very good.
5	Best Pizza in the City! Real Authentic Italian pizza, not a bland rip off like most places or some lame "gourmet" attempt with Frog Legs and Sweet potato. Don't believe me, try it and find out.
2	Got there right at opening time and seated at the bar area where the bartender was our waiter .  He was so distracted he forgot to place our order.  One hour later the pizza came out. You have to eat it with A fork because it's soupy. Not an enjoyable experience
4	Very good pizza here. I usually don't go for the thin crust style ones but here it is great. I think its the sauce that makes it so yummy with it being slighty spicy. Seem to have good menu overall but I get pizza every time, they also have a decent beer selection.More upscale restaurant feel to this place.
1	I've eaten at Spinato's previously & enjoyed my food & service, but my most recent visit was a disappointment to say the least. The waitress we had was a young lady with short red hair. Her poor customer service is what made the experience bad. She was extremely rude & the reason I will not be returning to this restaurant. It took her over 10 minutes to acknowledge us & to take our drink orders. We were almost done with our meal before she even bothered to check on us. I requested an additional breadstick & her response was to roll her eyes & state, "Let me see if I can get you one." She never did bring the breadstick. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant/location.
1	I honestly don't know why this place has good reviews at all. They're pizzas are gross and inconsistent, the pastas are not fresh and the chicken is like rubber. The service is hit or miss for speed but I have never had an unfriendly experience. This place could be so much better if they just made GOOD FOOD.
5	As an ex Chicago area pizza eater, I know good pizza. This IS GOOD pizza. Oh, to make it even better how about $2 Old Styles. BAMM!
4	Great pizza!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great red sauce or gravy for you true Italians!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great red sauce or gravy for you true Italians!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great pizza!Great red sauce or gravy for you true Italians!
3	I've been here 6 or 7 times over the past two years. I'm always satisfied afterwards, but never really blown away. I always get the Hawaiian or Canadian pizza since it's my favorite, and the sweet signature Spinatos sauce really goes well with it. I don't think the sweet sauce works with every pizza, though. I would not recommend any of the pastas. The quality is not great, and the pasta is usually a bit more undercooked than al dente. Go for the pizza instead. For starters, the spinach artichoke dip is a must, but in my opinion always comes with way more dip than bread. The meatball trio was also good, if you're on a date (it's pretty small). The signature thin crust pizza is the way to go. I think they are perfectly cooked and crispy. While the sauce is a bit too sweet, it's still tasty. The service is alright. Sometimes super slow, sometimes on point. I've been there with the restaurant almost empty with horribly slow service, and I've been there on super busy days with quick service. It just depends.
5	Love love love love! Their pizza is to die for. We got Nicole's New Favorite which rocked. I would not change a thing about it. I like to sit in the bar area because there is no wait and the feel is more intimate. Give this place a try!
5	We LOVE LOVE LOVE Spinatos.  We are regulars there.  Every time were have company visit we go there.  They have amazing pizza and salads.  I am sure everything is amazing.  I am a creature of habit.  I always order the same thing and NEVER get tired of it.  I recommend the Signature pizza with spinach and garlic.  It is awesome.  My son loves the Hawaiian pizza.  You won't be disappointed!
1	Probably my biggest mistake was going here and not eating their specialty, which is pizza, but went here for a work lunch. I got the lentil rosemary soup, which was flavorless and had hardly any lentils.  They tout themselves for making homemade soup, but I could have easily made a more flavorful and filling soup at home. For my entree I ordered the Strawberry Gorgonzola salad with added chicken.  The server forgot the chicken and when it was brought, it was not real chicken breast, but the formed chicken frozen from a bag.  Super salty and cold.  The service was not slow, but everyone at the table commented on how angry and rude the server behaved.  Clint seemed so unhappy to be there and it really showed.  Will never come back.
5	This place is AWESOME! The food is fabulous love love love the seafood basilico!! Jason is almost always our server he knows how much I love the food here and how much I love there ice tea today he brought me my own special iced tea!  Talk about knowing you customers!!!
5	Best pizza I've had in Arizona. Love the fresh ingredients. You won't be disappointed.
5	Best sauce in town! Highly recommend the baked spaghetti calzone with extra mozzarella and the a la vodka sauce on the side...DELICIOUS!!
3	Dear spinatos, Your meatball sub would be 1000xs better if you didn't throw the whole thing in the microwave and create soggy bread. I'd rather the bread be room temp with hot meatballs instead of hot dough. Dear God when will I ever find a place that's makes a good sandwich!
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? I love their Sicilian style pizza. All I've had here are their pizzas, usually the super 6 or Hawaiian &  their house salad. I love a thick crust pizza so of course I love theirs. The sauce is a little sweeter than most, but not anything overwhelming or a turn off. I've picked I pizza & ate there & the quality is the same for both. This is going to run a little more than Barros or some other local spots, but it is well worth it!
2	Hubby and I have been to Spinato's many many times and always sit at the bar.  Our last 2 experiences were not good.  One time, not the correct items on the pizza and a week ago, the pizza was so soggy and loaded with cheese, we told the bartender it was not good, but that we were going to eat pieces on the outside because we were starving.  Could not even take leftovers home because it was so disgusting.  Too inconsistent.
1	Ordered the cheese ravioli to be delivered to work. It arrived fast, but as I ate I could not chew some parts. When I spit them out, I discovered shredded plastic- I'm thinking it was a bag of some sorts. Replacing it was not an option and I doubt I want to call again to use my "credit". Not sure how much I ate...
5	Italian lottery...homemade sauce is a nice finishing touch on any entree
5	This should be 5 stars all around, especially when you compare it to the rest of the garbage pizza out here in AZ. This is by far the best thin crust pizza we've got, perfect combo of tasty sauce, crust and ingredients balanced out.
5	Great pizza!! I love the sauce and thin crust! Had the stuffed mushroom appetizer which was good.  Great service!  Clint was fantastic!  Love coming to Spinatos when we are visiting family in Arizona!
4	Would've been 5 stars had the service been a little faster. I believe we waited about 40-50 minutes for our entrees. However I was very impressed by their selection of gluten free items. I was even more impressed how they tasted, as anyone whose had gluten free bread products knows it can be a hit or a miss. I ordered the chicken pesto pizza gluten free with an olive oil base since I'm allergic to tomatoes. It was wonderful. Chicken was juicy, pesto tasted fresh, cheese was nice and chewy and not overly greasy. The gluten free crust was flaky and similar to a biscuit,  which was amazing compared to the other gluten free pizza doughs I've had that taste like cardboard. I also ordered the gluten free garlic cheesy bread, as I couldn't remember the last time I've gotten to have garlic bread since I'm gluten free. It was amazing, chewy and buttery and everything I'd want it to be. I will definitely be back since the food was wonderful and hopefully the service will be a little more prompt.
2	First of all, I LOVE Spinato's normally, but tonight I got an awful gooey mess in a box.I ordered an 11" thin crust combo pizza and when the girl opened up box at take-out side, I thought it looked a little undercooked, but figured I could just put it in my oven when I get home - I live about 2 min away.However, when I get home and opened the box, you couldn't even see the crust of the pizza.... it was a wet, sloppy, gooey, limp mess in a box - the crust was UNDERCOOKED and way way way too much cheese.  Every other time I've eaten here it's been delicious, but I'm so disappointed - it's a soggy mess.  I should have asked for a refund when I was in the store, but I was starving and had a craving for great pizza.I guess from now on I will need to explicitly ask that the crust be properly cooked and not GOOEY/UNDERCOOKED like it was tonight.  Total bummer when I'm paying $13 for it.  Come on, Spinato's, I expected way better.  BEWARE OF SLOPPY, GOOEY, UNDERCOOKED MESS.
5	This place was awesome! It's very rare I find a pizza place I would be willing to say had delicious pizza. We had the "Nicole's new favorite" which was delicious.  It was super hot, just out  of the oven. The crust was perfect!  Even my Italian husband liked it. The service was excellent also! I was a server for 10 years so I am a service snob. Our server, Jason, was awesome!  Quick, funny and very understanding when my husband accidentally spilled his beer. He even replaced it! Which I have never experienced anywhere.We loved being able to watch the football game on the TV'S in the bar area!We will for sure be back!
5	Food was great. Staff was great. Chairs were comfy. Price was good. Great lunch. Clint was great even helped me clean up my toddlers spilt drink. I will definitely be back. Glad the rain detoured us to this parking lot or we might have missed this place.
5	The pizza is always good. Ive never had a bad pizza here. The meatball appetizer is delish and now that i know they serve Angry Orchard cider. This IS the PIZZA joint. The Gelato is always good on the way out too. Today, I'm just full and content with my drink and great pizza.
5	Ah-mazing! We thought we loved grimaldis (we still do!) and that was our go to pizza, then we went and had spinats (our nick name for it) and were blown away! It is the valleys BEST pizza, and for how often we get it, it never disappoints.. We usually get it to go since my boyfriend works in ahwatukee and can just grab it on his way home to chandler , but when we have date nights there we have never had a bad experience! Of course we have only sat in the bar area but I love it, the decor, comfy chairs and even booths just have a nice vibe for hanging out. Also their drinks are to die for! I love going and ordering drinks and just hanging out watching the football game on a Sunday afternoon. Definitely a must go to place! Also you haven't had a real cannoli until you have had their cannoli!
4	They really need to bring back the spinach and artichoke dip!! Lost a star from me because they recently took it off the menu.
5	Outstanding pizza!  I ate the thin crust cheese with meatball.  And they deliver. Thank you.
4	We love spinatos pizza! Their wings are delicious as well:) But the service is a hit or a miss. Sometimes well get great service but other times... Well get someone whos more interested in talking to co workers than giving good service. But overall i love spinatos
5	If your are looking for a great place to bring the family  and enjoy some amazing pizza. This is the place!!!! My family have been going to this place and some of their other locations for years. We go for birthdays and family gathering. The staff is great and very friendly. The best pizza I have ever had. I recommend this to everyone!!!!!
4	Great pizza! Love the thin crust. The dining room is pretty loud, but for takeout, the pizza can't be beat.
4	I had "The Greek" pizza, its delicious. Here on a Saturday night lots of people and great service. I find the brick ceiling to be interesting at the bar. Beer was priced good they don't have Bud light on draft which is my usual.
5	We tried to find a good pizza place and we did! Everything here was great! Decent happy hour prices, phenomenal specialty pizzas, and pretty good appetizers. Atmosphere is a bit dressy but prices are pretty average. We will be back for sure to try some more of the specialty pizzas!
2	Just okay.  Nothing spectacular.
5	Wow explains it! Meatball trio was exceptional and the gluten free pizza was phenomenal. To top it off the service was a 10/10....This a must for return visits. Awesome Sauce Spinatos....in addition we came right at the end of happy hour 5:59 and the server still gave us the discount.
4	Dined in a few times, and I always enjoy them. Such a warm staff. We just ordered a half cheese-half veggie for delivery and enjoyed it a lot. Good amount of toppings. Don't fall off. *Slightly* over their quoted delivery time, but what else do you expect on a weekend at dinner?  The girl on the phone was extremely friendly and answered all of our questions and the driver was charismatic as well.Might start asking for a classic pie cut, however. They cut the pizza into squares which is nice for picking but we prefer the alternative for our dinner. All in all, good pizza. Fills in the east coast gap, that some of us non-Arizonianborn may feel.
5	Just ordered Delivery tonight!I ordered the bread sticks (4) and the l'italiana (personal pan thin crust).And all i can say is wow. the breadsticks are amazing. the garlic was perfect. the pizza was think crust- but not too thin. it was the perfect size and crust. When the delivery man came to the door, he handed me bag with plates, silverware, and had parmesean cheese & red peppers!I am just very impressed with the service and extras given and of course the taste of the pizza!
4	I have good and bad with this one. The food is good, but it can get very expensive for what you are getting. I find i get better service sitting in the bar area over the main dining area. The pizza is delicious! The bartenders personable and attentive.
3	Came here because I received a free appetizer card. Menu was a pricey. They had kiltlifter on tap, which was flat. My buddy is a picky eater so we got the bread sticks for an appetizer. They were surprisingly delicious. My side salad left much to be desired, maybe one or two cucumbers in it. The house dressing was ok, but nothing like Nello's House Italian dressing. We ordered a Spicy Italian Thin Crust pizza which was absolutely amazing, makes me feel better about spending so much for dinner. I'll be back.
4	Came here for lunch with some friends and it wasn't all that busy. Sat down, got our drinks, and took a look at the menu. Everything in the menu sounded delicious! My friends both got the chicken parmesan and I got a chicken alfredo which was not on the menu but they were happy to make it. After a long wait about 45 min our food finally came out; I repeat the place wasn't very busy maybe about 3 other tables were occupied. Other than that I do have to say the food was worth the wait; pasta had great flavor and perfectly cooked chicken. It was kind of odd to me that the linguini they used for my dish was thin, almost like spaghetti thin, but still good in every way. I would definitely eat there again.
5	Absolutely the best thin crust pizza in the Phoenix area, maybe all of Arizona!The sauce is sweeter than you'd expect, but it goes rather well.  We always order extra crispy.  They run the crust through once, then load the toppings and run it through again.  This results in a crispy crust all the way through.  Fantastic!!
5	Excellent! Food and service was over the top. Sampled several pizzas,  each of which was the best thin crust pizzas I have had since living in Arizona.  The Margarita was a favorite with the addition of Italian sausage.  Kids had Gelato and the rest of us passed on desert. As soon as our server, Bobby heard that it was our first visit he brought out a Cannoli for the rest to share. Even wrote "First Timers" in chocolate on the plate. This is service. Too bad we live 120 miles away, this would be a frequent stop for us.
5	WORTH EVERY PENNY!!! Yes, this place can be a little pricey. For my large vegetarian pizza with chicken and a family sized Greek Salad it hits about $40, but it easily and happily feeds 3 greedy people. The Take-out is efficient and they even have Take-out parking. Sometimes I dine-in and when I do the service is always friendly and prompt. They have a fairly decent happy hour too!
