4	I had my first appointment with Dannii in October 2012. I was still very nervous about anyone touching my hair after some horrible experiences with my previous hairdresser had left me feeling terrified of going to a salon. I had bought a voucher through "Itison", the classier version of Groupon or Wowcher . I had wanted to go blonde for the first time in my life but Dannii sensibly decided it wasn't a good idea. I think it took her about ten seconds to understand both me and what was best for my hair. While she was colouring my hair she suggested hair extensions so I could wear my hair in an angled chin length bob. I thought it over for about a day and sleepless night and decided I couldn't wait to get them put in. Dannii did a wonderful job with my extensions and I had no problems with them during the six months I had them in. The only disappointment, apart from having to have them taken out, was that my hair extensions were so subtle and well bonded most of my friends and people I know couldn't quite work out what I had done with my hair. I didn't get half the compliments I was expecting. Although my hair extensions were the most I will spend on a hairstyle they gave me so much confidence in my appearance when I was coming out of a really difficult time in my life. They were definitely the change I was needing.All the staff at Danielle Carr have been wonderful to me since I first started going there and although I can only afford to see Dannii every couple of months every appointment is worth every penny. I know I will be always be treated like a princess and Dannii is wonderfully creative with my hair. We make each other laugh which is also really important to me. Dannii has done so for my self confidence. I laugh, chat and feel looked after when I am with Dannii. For only the second time in my life I feel like I glow after a trip to a hairdresser. I would definitely recommend her to everyone who cares about their hair.
5	Well kids, you all know the deal: no on touches my hair and no one is going to have to go down to the Royal Infirmary to have their hand sewn back on.There is one exception to this rule and her name is Jenni: as per usual, this absolutely fabulous wonder of a woman has been able to transform my lackluster, mess of a kraken, into a beautiful mermaid's net ready to entangle the nearest innocent bystander. (The innocents taste better).Jenni has moved to Danielle Carr recently and although the salon is definitely smaller than Medusa, the atmosphere is also a lot more ... amiable. I found Medusa a little forced at times with the techno music and the general loudness, but this is more a place to relax, though I'm afraid when I came here the general loudness level of the salon was upped a little.The people here are friendly and clearly work well together in a team, and as for Jenni? Magic, pure magic, as per usual. The great thing about a truly great hairdresser is that you never have to tell her exactly what you want, you just flop your hands about a bit, say some general words in a certain direction and she takes over and just knows. Now, you might say, that's because you've been going to her for two years now. Yes, that's part of it, and you should be too, but most of it is her intuition. Jenni is good at consultation and damned if she isn't even better at colouring and cutting. I've seen her transform a mess of a Hungarian fro (we won't name names) into an ice-cool hair do in under twenty minutes. Whot. WHOT. Yes, truly. I didn't think it was possible but that cut is so fresh that the man in question now has a whole new attitude to match it.My hair, you ask? Fabulous, as always. Golden and glowing down my back in undulating waves and healthy to boot. Hairdressers, truly great ones, are really rare, and most of them get a little scissor happy when they think they can get away with it. Not Jenni, or if she does get scissor happy, you won't notice, 'cause it will simply look exactly as it ought to.Go forth, go here, and know that this is an investment in never having to worry about how to do your hair again. Ever.
5	I love the haircut I got at this salon. Calvin did a fantastic job with my hair as I have been unhappy with the way it was growing after chemo. Calvin took the time to discuss what i wanted without rushing and seem to know exactly what I wanted. Would recommend highly and will be going back in 4-6 wks to have trim.
