5	I am not typically into buffets. However this one was right behind the hotel I was staying at so I figured what the heck. I am sure glad I had the experience of eating here.The sushi was really damn good for a buffet. So was the rest of the food. I went back 3 times just for the sushi; even the next morning I feel full. This place is probably a 15 minute drive from the strip, but if you want to get away from all the cheeziness of the strip for a simpler but great buffet, this is the ticket.
5	After doing a lot of research on Yelp and not finding a great-sounding chinese buffet, we went here b/c its close to our house and looks nice from the outside. It was amazing! Two long tables of hot buffet items, and  a very sizeable sushi table, which was actually REALLY good, especially for being part of a buffet. The service was good, and it was very reasonably priced. There were typical desserts and a "salad" bar that was just ok...but everything else was amazing, we will definitely go back. Shrimp and sno peas was great, and they had good salmon and tuna sushi/sashimi. I definitely recommend it!
4	We ended up here since it was nearby, and have gone back 3 or 4 times since, and also tried their other locations. There is actually a good variety of typical chinese items, fried stuff, decent-quality sushi, soups, etc. It's always busy and the service is good. We have also been to a bigger location I think off of Eastern, that also featured more sushi options, american fare, more crab legs and a mongolian stir-fry bar. Both are great and we love both locations. The shrimp with snow peas is my favorite, and we always love the spicy chicken. The fruit is the only thing that never looks appetizing, nor do the desserts other than soft-serve.
5	There's a guy making sushi right there in front of me, and I can eat as much of it as I want for only $8.95!!I've had some pretty good sushi here, and the hot buffet food is as good as it gets for under ten bucks.Yeah, they got closed down by the health department once, but if we don't give our immune system some practice every once in a while, it won't know what to do when a real problem come around.For $8.95, this is as good as it gets!!
2	Stopped here one night on a whim. This was probably the most uninspired meal I've had in a long time. I was dumbfounded how average every single item on the sushi and hot bar was, and how forgettable pretty much any detail about the place was. The price was good, but to be dredged in such mediocrity seemed like it wasn't really worth it after all. Go here if you want a lot of food that won't make you sick: The American Dream.
1	Filthy, nasty, dirty, horrible....  I could go on, but you get the point.  This is the WORST asian buffet I've ever been to.  The place looks great from the outside, but do yourself a favor and AVOID it all costs.  The tables are dirty, the silverware was dirty, the floor was filthy, the food was horrible, cold and tasteless.  My wife and daughter went into the restroom and came out white as sheets.  Apparently the ladie's room was a mess too.  I can't imagine how this place stays in business.  Save your money (and your appetite) and go elsewhere.
