5	This place used to be MVP Nails and Spa but changed it's name in the last year. I would have to say that this is by far my best experience at a nail salon. I have been here several times now and each time has been excellent. The staff is friendly, helpful, and very professional. My pedicures and waxes have been perfect experiences. The prices are reasonable and EVERYONE understands and speaks English clearly. I realize how that might sound, but for those of us who frequent nail salons, this is definitely an important factor. Plus, they are running a 10% off pedicure special! Can't beat that! :)
1	New to the Surprise area, used to getting and paying for 4 full pedicures for my family. We went into the shop and were told there is a 10% off services if we did Mani and Pedi's together. My dad had the best person there. My mom had the owner's wife and she did a horrible job, didn't clip toe nails short enough, argued with my mom on why she could not shorten them. Polish was messy and left on the toe skin around the nail, heels were left ragged and looked like she had never been to get her feet done. My son is 13, they left his toe nails ingrown and too long. Scrubbed so hard with the loofah he had blisters on his feet. When it was my turn, I went for ingrown toe nails and left with them still hurting. The guy sort of trimmed my toe nails. When I asked for shorter, he told me they were fine? Skin around my toes were left with clip marks, polish was left on my skin, no clean up with a brush in polish remover. At the end of the pedicures, the owner did not show me the totals where she had removed the 10% discount, gave a number out of the air. Good business starts with being honest with your clients! Shop is dirty, smells like mildew and rotten food. Doors are dirty, floors slippery, dust and cobwebs hanging from ceiling. Health Department needs to visit this shop. It's disgusting!!! Don't go here, they are sloppy and only want the $$.
1	Just had my eyebrows waxed there two days ago. I have been there for pedis before and they did an OK job and my friend says she goes there for waxes.. So I thought I would see if I could trust them. The woman who did it, didn't seem too interested in concentrating on my eyebrows. Then when the wax was put on.. It was too hot. I told her it burned but she just told me it was my skin being sensitive not the wax. She proceeded to finish ripping off the wax cloth and afterwards I felt like my eyelids (not under my brow, my actual eyelid cuz I think too much wax was put on) was on fire! She again said it was my skin and not the wax. So later that day I looked at my eyes and they were red and scabbing from being burnt. :( I'm not usually a person that complains but I went back there to tell them and the owners wife told me it's my skin not the wax. I've had my eyebrows waxed over and over again and this has never happened!! So I don't believe it was my skin. I think if they were more sympathetic I wouldn't have written this bad review.
4	I stopped by here instead of my regular... They have your basic $20 pedicure, same as down the road... but when she showed me the sheet it seemed like you had to upgrade $5 to get the 10 minute massage... BUT, there was also the 10% off to consider and I was literally in the chair for 1.5 hours! (all in all I paid $32 for the pedicure/callus removal/paraffin wax, My splurge since I became a Grandma yesterday!) There was a mint oil massage after the (cucumber) sugar rub. It was a very enjoyable pedicure. I will also mention that fluet English was spoken (in addition
1	Usually have a good experience here....but today.....I was met with one of the most unprofessional and rude people to help me....name is Simon.....I just had to sit there with my mouth agape! I am by no means a diva who belittles the technicians.  I am nice and I TIP WELL!! I thought I should tell him what I liked as far as my manicure....little things I didn't like.   You know ....setting expectations as this was NOT my normal guy....I did it in a very nice tone of voice and I was sweet as I know many people aren't nice to the technicians and look right through them. I didn't think I was being unreasonable. He said he didn't work wirh picky people and that I need to not be so picky because I make him nervous and I need not to make him nervous if I want a good job.....imagine that....he's telling ME what I need to do to make HIM comfortable....it's my money and I was being extremely nice.....I.AM THE CUSTOMER. .....ITS NOT MY PLACE TO MAKE HIM FEEL AT EASE......IT IS HIS PLACE TO MAKE MY EXPERIENCE A GOID ONE......ALL I WANTED WAS TO FEEL PAMPERED FOR A COUPLE HOURS......THIS UNPROFESSIONAL A-HOLE got up and refused to continue. I was SPEECHLESS....... I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT again..... there are over 100 nail salons in a ten mile radius and I don't need this negative crap!.......I regret this as the owner is a very nice person and did her best to make up for his rude behavior.......but I won't spend my money to be treated this way EVER AGAIN!!!!! LIFE IS TOO DAMN SHORT
1	My bestie and I had not seen each other in awhile so we thought we would go and have a mani/pedi together today. So we go to the nail salon and we didn't have to wait long at all. This was our first visit at this nail salon and the technicians were very nice we were feeling at ease. They started to run to water in the foot basin in the chair and the water was very hot. I had to wave 3 times to get someone's attention. They corrected it. Then our technicians started and the nail salon saleswoman came up with a sheet of different packages. She went on about salt from a spa and didn't tell us the cost. Just asked if we wanted it. We chose the basic. I told my technician that I had a picture of a nail design that I wanted and she said she could do it. When she finished she seemed proud but it wasn't at all like the picture. It was sloppy work  but still I did not complain. I couldn't wait to get out of there. I spent $43 and I am not satisfied. I never burst out with a complaint about service , I never return and I will never go back to this place!!! I think that if this is your profession you should know what you are doing.
