1	I just went into this nail place today only because I had a pedicure yesterday at a nail spot across from me and I ended up not liking the "trendy" blue color I chose. Embarrassed to go back to change my color I decided to go here to elite. Ugh I should have just sucked it up. The guy they stuck me with was awful. I'm fairly certain he did not know any English at all! I mean NONE. The English is something I could care less about however this man also did not seem to know how to paint a nail. I had a yellow color that he applied four coats to. A co-worker of his had to come help him fix all of the errors. It took 45 minutes to get a color change! I can get a pedicure in less than that. I kept telling him I did not want that many coats and he would not even acknowledge he heard me (if he did) another woman working there heard the concern in my voice and came over insisting it was very pretty. I would say I don't think I want 4 coats she would say "pretty." All and all this was not a horrible experience but the fact that anyone there could not paint a nail properly is not acceptable. I'm willing to bet that the man working on me was not a normal nail guy and maybe just family and the salon did not want to use a real nail tech. I ended up coating my toes with chunky glitter to cover up the flaws.
2	The place looks very nice and inviting. But the staff isn't very friendly and there are kids running around either the owners or employees. I feel like they were more concerned with quantity not quality. I had gotten a mediocre pedicure for a high price. The scary part is they reuse pumice stones and I know you cannot properly disinfect them. It also looked like they cleaned the pedicure spa with hand soap and a sponge. It makes me cringe wondering what else isn't properly disinfected.
1	Was here two days ago for a gel manicure. The "manager guy" attempted to do my nails while answering the phone and all sorts of other duties, after 20 minutes of practice, he was doing a very bad job and I think he knew it. He got just up and left and then some other lady came over and started the whole process over.  I am back today because 6 out of ten gel nails literally peeled off after two days. The "manager guy" isn't happy to see me today and tells me they are very very busy and I need to come back later. Well, since I ran 3 miles to get here, ( trying to get my exercise in at the same time ) I said I would wait. Now I am sitting here waiting. I don't think I am coming back here anymore. Actually, I know I won't be back here anymore. Not a very friendly place at all.
5	I love this place! I won't go anywhere else to get my nails done because I walk away so happy when I leave here! It's very clean. All the employees speak English. They are friendly and give cool suggestions to what you want done. I would highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
5	My friend and I booked appointments on the recommendation of another friend who raved about her pedicure. Only then did I read the previous reviews on here and became wary but because we already had the appointment and the location was close we decided to go. We were so glad that we did. We were so delighted with the treatments we received that I joined Yelp so that I could write a review that this place deserves. Here are all the good things we liked about Elite Nails:1. We booked appointments and they actually took us at the appointed time. So many times I've booked an appointment at a nail salon only to find that it wasn't really an appointment as they took walks-ins first who happened to walk in the door at the same time. While I was having my gel polish manicure the receptionist asked my operator how long a walk-in would have to wait for a polish change. She looked around and then said fifteen minutes. So many times I've heard salons underestimate wait times so as not to lose a walk-in. Here the walk-in was invited to choose her polish and was receiving treatment within ten minutes. 2.  The salon was very clean as well as calm and serene. There was no chit chat between the other manicurists and what we did hear was all in English. I don't mind some conversation but when it's extensive and in a language not understood by the patrons sometimes one wonders if they aren't the topic of conversation. 3.  All the manicurists were extremely courteous and concerned to ensure that every step of the treatments were to our satisfaction. My friend had a gel polish pedicure and her operator began to apply the polish but then seemed concerned about it. She removed the polish, buffed her nails some more and re-applied the polish. My friend said that it had looked fine to her standards but apparently not to the manicurist.  I asked if they had a type of gel polish that changes colour with the temperature. They didn't but asked where I had that done. (At home in Canada.). They sounded quite interested and said if I could get information about the brand name they would be interested to look into it. 4.  The equipment appeared to be very clean and sterile. They even used a disposable plastic liner for each pedicure station's tub. In some salons the operators wear smocks which end up with quite a bit of polish on them. Here each of the operators wore their own clothing and I noticed that they were unblemished.  5.  The massages that accompanied the manicure and the pedicures were heavenly. Loved the hot stone massage!6.  My friend's gel polish pedicure and my gel polish manicure and regular pedicure were very well done. Nice jobs, indeed. 7.  The prices were great!
1	Loyalty out the Door.....What has happened to Elite Nails? This evening, I arrived after work to get my nails done. The young woman at the front desk was very friendly and welcoming. Asked me if I could wait fifteen minutes. No problem, since I did not have an appointment.Woman began my gel nail manicure and after one coat had me place my hands underneath the light. She then disappeared without saying anything to me.....and never returned. Not one single employee came to me to let me know what happened nor offered to complete my services. My hands began to get very hot and dry because the woman did not set timer.After waiting another 15 minutes, I find out she is with another customer in the back doing waxing. I walked back and gave nail lady some good old fashioned customer service advice in front of customer laying down. It went down like this...."So your telling me that you stopped doing my nails to come back here to wax a customer who came in over 30 minutes after I arrived? when you have a customer you make sure that person is taken care of...then continue with a new customer."So, after two years of going here...I won't be returning.I've had wonderful service in the past...but I have no idea what has happened at this location. New owners?
1	There seemed to be an ownership change happening and the service was awful. My gel cracked off within a week and now I really am at a loss as to where to go. It will not be here, the prices for service exceed the goods received.
4	I'm not sure why the reviews are generally so low. My mom and I came here on a Sunday morning for pedicures. We were both very satisfied with the results. I'm not sure how busy they are normally, but we came early in morning so there was only one group ahead of us. They had an appointment made whereas my mom and I just walked in. Nonetheless, they allowed us to soak our feet while the other group finished. After the group was done, the attendants quickly cleaned up, grabbed new, clean materials, and came to my mom and I. Everything appeared sanitary, and I noticed that they clean everything under UV light to kill bacteria. I'm not sure how the stones for the hot stone foot massages are cleaned though, but I imagine they are consistent with all their cleaning procedures. Anyway, my mom and I were both very satisfied with the service and the pedicures we received. Everyone there who worked with us were nice and friendly. We had to leave by noon, and they were accomodating to our timing.
1	WORST nail salon experience ever! It doesn't even deserve 1 star.  I went in for a manicure with my sister and we both experienced absolutely terrible customer service. Half way into taking off my nail polish, the lady who was doing my nails started going through her texts and opened up a picture of 2 puppies...she then proceeded to ask the other customers around me which one they liked the best because she was planning on purchasing one. So there I am, sitting with half of my nails unpolished, and if that wasn't enough, she decided to call the owner of the puppies to try to get more information on them.  I was completely dumbfounded...I looked over at my sister who had a male working on her nails...he thought it was appropriate to tell racist jokes about blondes and Mexicans, which happened to be the only races of women in the salon. His jokes: "What do you call a smart blonde?...A golden retriever." "Why did the Mexican go to Chinatown to get coffee?...To "capp-a-ccino""My sister and I were so fed up that we decided to walk out mid manicure. I strongly suggest skipping out on this salon.
