1	Just awful. Way undercooked crust. It was supposed to be a thin crust but might have been an attempt at a "double dough". The crust was barely even dry, not a spot of browning anywhere.The "Sicilian Deep Dish"  was the same crust as the thin BUT they turned up the edges. Woo Hoo! NOT a deep dish. The mushrooms smelled like used socks. The The medium buffalo wings were tasty, but PLAIN wings. A little grease and hot sauce at the bottom. The delivery was over an hour when promised in 30 minutes. At over $50 for this meal I can only be grateful I don't have to order from them again. I'd rather have had a slice of white bread with a bottle of ragu and swiss. Yeah, that bad.What a shame. If you were a fan of the Zza's - the pizza place that used to be here - AVOID the new place at all costs!!
3	The pizza is pretty good but seemed a bit over priced  for the product. A large (14") 2 topping cost almost $16 with tax and was average size with an average amount of toppings and cheese. I did enjoy the pizza but if you're expecting a true new york style the crust seemed a little thicker than it should; and the taste is about average. The sauce is far from bland with a little bit of a kick to it that I rather enjoyed. If I could find coupons and get this pizza for about $5 less I would definitely return since they are open until 3am on the weekends but otherwise there are better choices for the price.
1	Walk the other way, just walk right the hell the other way...Here was how this played out.  Oktoberfest a few days ago.  Starting the night off.  I walk past this place and see a place that sells a slice of pizza for $1.99.  Good, right?  No.  me: "Hi, one slice of pizza please"guy: "you buy drink with it, 4 dollars."me: "no, just one slice of pizza"guy: "we do not sell one slice, you have to buy a drink.  4 dollars"I should have pulled a flag on this play at this point, but knowing I was going to be drinking I move forward wanting food in me. Not a wise move.me: "so, I can't buy one slice?"guy: "no, you buy a drink with slice, 4 dollars."me: "It doesn't say that anywhere on the menu or walls"guy: "No, do not sell one slice.me: "what the... O.K., give me 2 slices of pizza"guy: "you buy two slices then."me: "yes, Jesus Christ, yes"guy: "toppings?"me: "no, no toppings.  cheese."guy: "we have toppings."what is this guy, fucking deaf? me: "no thanks"I give him the money.guy: "it take 10 minutes, you wait."I don't think they run the air conditioner in this place, so I wait outside.Pizza comes out.  Tastes like absolute crap.  I eat it outside because in September in Chandler Arizona it is cooler outside then inside this place.  I think they had the thermostat set to "HELL" Guy working or running the place comes outside and stares me down as I am eating.  I'm sure if you want to eat here you can check the dumpster for plenty of slices to try beforehand to avoid having to pay for one.  Excuse me, avoid having to pay for two.  However after what I had served to me I'm pretty sure they will beat you to the garbage cans and sell it back to some other unsuspecting soul.  I was the only one dumb enough to finish all the food.  Wouldn't eat here if there was a natural disaster and this place was the last to be ransacked for provisions.  I'd keep walking.FAIL.
1	Ate here today as my kids wanted pizza for lunch and they sold it by the slice. Ordered 2 slices of pep, 1 sausage, a house salad, 3 drinks. $20. Out of Italian dressing so I req. oil and vinegar. we sat outside and they brought the pizza out. They brought two slices on 1 paper plate and only 1 or 2 forks even though there were 3 of us. So i sent the lady back inside for more utensils, another plate, and napkins. The pizza was dry and tasted like it had been nuked. The salad was plain and almost ALL oil...where was the vinegar? Salad nothing but iceberg lettuce, olives, onions, and tomatoes and only oil for dressing. VERY disappointed at crappy service and crappy pizza. Lots of great bars and stuff to do in that area so skip this place.
1	If i could give zero stars i would.    calling what i ate a pizza would be an insult to pizza.    hands down worst pizza i've ever had.
