2	This hotel was a great venue to hold a wedding reception. There was plenty of parking, service appeared to have run smoothly, and the setting is beautiful. It was also convenient that we chose to take up the couple's wedding block deal and just stayed here for the weekend too.Service from the hotel overall was meh. Most times when I was carrying luggage in and out no one opened the front door, other guests we knew had to contend with broken toilets, malfunctioning sinks, and room changes. Maybe these mechanical issues will be resolved once they're done painting (and renovating?) part of the second floor, I'm not sure. The pool was nice, though, and it's a pretty good location within reasonable driving of some good source of food and shopping.
2	This review is based on a 3 day stay at this hotel, "Resort" and doesn't reflect the "Villa" aspect of the stay.The meals are quite good at the Hotel's BlueFire Grille. The steaks and seafood were cooked to order and the presentation was lovely in the evening. The breakfast meals were acceptable, but the buffet was lacking a little bit. I personally loved the evening meals offered at the restaurants around the Hotel quite a bit.The swimming pool is advertised as heated, but I tend to doubt this, although a brisk swim after lounging in the hot tub was fun.Now the bad... The walls, doors, and vents in this building (originally built by Merve Griffin) are faulty. Faulty to the point that noise at any usual hotel or motel would mute it so it wouldn't disturb other guest's sleeping habits. When I was walking down the halls, I could hear people talking, snoring, and watching TV everywhere in the building. In my room I could hear the next door guests talking about their sports games or whatever, and I could hear the wake up alarms all go off in the morning across the halls while my room's door was closed. The building is also oddly designed to not allow guests to easily find ice machines, and good luck finding a vending machine, even for water.Finally on the last day, the weekend happened and the pool was too full of local people, who seem to view this hotel as a valid home vacation destination, and two different banquets that spilled out into the guest's areas... I liked the food, but it didn't seem like much of a vacation to me.
1	My husband and I had our wedding reception there, and the service was terrible. My guests staying at the hotel did not like the rooms either, they could hear whats happening next door.
4	We didn't have the problems that all the others seemed to have with the thin walls and noise factor.  In fact, I thought the rooms were rather quiet!Our biggest complaint was the bathroom toilet..  It kept sticking so we had to hold down the lever so it worked properly.  That was a serious pain in the arse!The PROS:  Crabtree & Evelyn toiletry ~ super comfy bed ~ free wifi ~ decent breakfast foods that aren't too pricey..  Also, I really liked the outdoor bar near the pool.  I grabbed a few drinks there nightly and they give you complimentary bottled water on request..  We all know that bottled H20 is EXPENSIVE at hotels, so this was grrrreat!  Appetizers are also served until late night, but they're just mediocre.Now, the CONS:  again the toilet, and the lack of ventilation in the bathroom which gets super foggy after a shower.This hotel is conveniently located and you can walk to a ton of cool restaurants and even a Trader Joes..    IMO, it's a 3.5 to 4 star resort that could use some minor upgrades but i would definitely stay here again!
3	A pretty decent hotel-but have to agree with the noise factors.  Could hear everyone in the hallways in the morning (including screaming kids).  The poolside patio upgrade was not bad but you share the patio with another room.Breakfast buffet at the Bluefire was ok but not spectaular.  Dinner is somewhat better.  Don't order the shrimp cocktail though-  you get 3 small shrimp stuck in a lemon with a toothpick, then they smear cocktail sauce on a long plate and charge like 14 or 16 bucks or something. Lame!!  You can eat outside but watch out for the birds hanging out-I actually had one fly onto my plate and steal some bread.  Scared the crap outta me lol.  Ballsy little guys!!  They do have some good hh deals on a few apps, beer, and house wine.It definetly lacked in the accessibilty of ice machines and having vending machines.  Service was above average in all areas but the hotel itself was a little disapointing.
2	I agree with many of the reviews here.Wen I arrived, the doorman wasn't very helpful- didn't offer to valet, tell me where to park, or take my luggage.  Upon checking in, the not so helpful front desk person didn't tell me where in this large place my room was, nor that I could park closer to it than the front of the hotel.Food is decent.  That's a plus, I guess.  Room service was warm, and quick.  Breakfast buffet wsa better than most hotels.  I did find the rooms a little noisy, and the hotel wasn't very full at the time I stayed.  The workout room had no working water fountain.  A little bit of a bummer after working up a sweat.  However, they did have quite a bit of room, and some decent equipment.  It was OK.  But I don't think I'd recommend it or stay again.
4	Great location; great room and sheets. Can't complain.
2	I agree with some of the other reviews.  Overall this resort is a disappointment.  It's just ok.  Just ok.  Expect more from the Hilton name.
2	I'm a local (well, 15 miles away in Phoenix anyway) and booked a room here for my friend's 36th birthday.  I was really excited about the place based on the website photos and description.Arrive at the resort and there's only one person attending the front desk (no doorman in sight), and the directions I got to my room was a thumb  gesture towards the hallway.  The resort is set up like a giant square so, yes, eventually that hallway brought me to my room.Room itself was fine, clean, the bed was comfortable, kind of expected a flat screen/HDTV but the room was equipped with one of those older tube models.  The walls were thin and you could pretty much hear everything in the rooms around  - including the bathrooms and TVs.   The pool area was fine - not amazing, just fine - which was a little disappointing given the room rate for the Saturday night stayover.Had dinner at Flemings, attached to the hotel and that was most excellent...and convenient given the fact that with cocktails and wine we could just walk back to the resort rather than risk taking a vehicle and end up in Sheriff Arpaio's tent city.  Which may have had thicker walls than this Hilton :-)So overall, an okay place but probably will try something else when we go the "staycation" route and stay somewhere in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
1	I'm trying really hard not to be harsh. Honest. But this place has so many negatives and so few positives.Many of the reviews here mention the noise. They just don't give enough bad credit to the soundproofing.  This place is horrid for sleeping.  I stayed here Memorial weekend. The room was clean but certainly not elaborately decorated. Needed more towels. Bathroom so-so. Nothing about the room or property decor stated "upscale" or "resort".Pool needs more lounge chairs, they were all hoarded and taken very early in the day. Misters would be a small but welcome addition to the Oasis bar by the pool. The Oasis bar was frequently understaffed. The poor person stuck there, "Jaimie" was very pleasant but overwhelmed by the work load.  The concierge in the lobby was flat rude to several folks on situations I eavesdropped on. Front desk on check in was nothing special.Back to the noise....Walking down the hallway rooms 160's, 170's, etc., my friends and i could and did stop and listen to any number of conversations thru the closed doors. Mind you this was standing in mid-hall, not up against door. Amazed at how poor the soundproofing. At night the place was a crashbox of noise. Simply unacceptable on any level. And certainly poor for a Resort/Spa property.My comments to the front desk regarding noise were treated as, " Ho-Hum. Heard it all before. "When asked about Phoenix by coworkers and friends I'll have too, in good manners, steer them far away from this facility. Which is a shame. There is no way I can recommend this place at all. Too many fine properties, good pools, and nice staff at facilities in Phoenix area. This is definitely not one of them.
3	I have stayed at this Hilton about 4 times now and let me give you some of the good and bad: (Lets start with the bad)BAD:  The noise bleed between rooms is horrible.  I can confirm other reviewer's experiences.  During a couple of my stays I actually had to sleep with my noise cancelling head phones on because my neighbor slept with their TV on.  What i've noticed is that the noise is worse with 2nd floor rooms due to the slanted wood roofs in the rooms.  The noise seems to come through the corner section where the shared wall meets the slanted ceiling.  No sound proofing seems to be present.  These rooms are where I had the worse noise experiences.  I think the older construction is to blame for that, but the hotel should really fix this soon.  Now, with the first floor rooms, these are not as bad as the 2nd floor rooms, but do have thin enough walls to where you can still hear a lot.  Again, older construction may be to blame.  My advice would be to avoid 2nd floor rooms at all costs and request to be in a 1st floor room with no one next to you.  GOOD:  With all the times that I have stayed here, their service was always wonderful.  From the moment I checked in, to the time I checked out, I never had one complaint or negative thing to say about the service I received.  In addition, the food they served was also pretty good for hotel food.  I don't usually eat hotel room service if I have a choice, but on the few occasions that I was forced to order in, I was impressed at the quality of the food served and service that I recieved from the room service staff.  A great experience everytime. In the end though, the noise factor really is a deal breaker for me, but other than that one negative aspect and the rooms being a bit outdated, this hotel does offer a decent stay.
3	We recently had a conference at this hotel. I'd have to say that the hotel is OK. Nothing special and nothing too bad about this place. The hotel rooms are nice and I didn't have any issues. The room and bathroom was clean and I couldn't have asked for anything more.One thing that I didn't like about the hotel is that the hotel is not layed out very well. It was a hike to get from the hotel lobby to our room, which was only on the 2nd floor but on the otherside of the building. The cookies that they offered was a nice touch, but by the end of the afternoon, there was not a huge selection left. At night, I also went around looking for a vending machine. There are signs everywhere that display an ice vending machine and drinks (which I assumed would have been a pop machine), but after walking around both floors and only finding an ice machine, I called the front desk to ask about the location of a vending machine. They told me that there was not a vending machine on site and that they could deliver pop to my room if I wanted. (yea right, I was not about to order a pop for $4 and then have to pay tax and gratuity). Just make sure that if you want something to drink, make sure you buy it elsewhere before arriving at the hotel. They do not have a store on site where you can buy it either. Overall, the stay was pleasant and I did not have any complaints about the room or cleanliness of the hotel.
5	I will be back!  The staff was amazing and worked very well with my requests!
2	I stayed here a couple weeks ago for business and although the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and all I wasn't impressed with the hotel. I assumed it would be a nice resort hotel since it was in Scottsdale, AZ (resort capital right??) but it was not. It's pretty outdated. My bed was comfy but the hotel itself needs an overhaul. The walls are VERY thin. I heard the neighbors coming home, talking, breathing, etc. The TV was an old tube style TV! Come on even Holiday Inns now have LCD's lol. Sorry I judge hotels by TVs :)I ate at the hotel restaurants and was not pleased. The food is lackluster at best without much variety nor flavor. And that's including the breakfast buffet! I live for my breakfasts when I travel so not meeting my standards in servicing such a simple but best meal of the day is disappointing. I know hotel food is never the greatest but I've had delicious meals at many hotels. The highlight was definitely eating at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, which is connected to the hotel. Absolutely the best salmon!! I loved it so much that it deserved to have its very own review written lol.
1	It is hard for me to write negative reviews, but this one was easy!  The price was expensive and the hotel was cheap.  Long walk to room and the bed was not that comfortable. When I asked about getting a discount for military, I was informed that we were lucky to be getting it at $169. because they usually charge $250 and it is high season in Scottsdale.  Then they charge you for everything! But it was especially annoying to be told that if I just checked email, I would be charged $10.00.Got nachos from the outside patio and they were filled with gristle and fat. Yuck.We were supposed to stay for three nights and we moved to  the Best Western Superstition Springs Inn and Suites and had a wonderful room and a great breakfast for 89.99.I was going to just chalk it up except I just received an email from their customer service department and Dave HortonGlobal Head - HiltonHilton HotelsI decided he was a day late and a dollar short asking if we were happy there. Perhaps the staff should have mentioned to him that we asked for tea bags and they were going to charge us! Gimme a break.  It was noisy in the rooms at night as well as the conference rooms during the day.I am going to write a glowing report on the Best Western Superstition Springs Inn, so watch for that one.  Then you will know that I am usually a nice person who is easy to get along with.
5	Stayed here twice, once on a visit and the next time when I moved to Scottsdale and was waiting to move into the condo. From the valet to the desk staff everyone was really nice and it seemed as if they loved their job. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. When I ordered room service, it showed up sooner than they said and it was really good. I highly recommend staying here when in Scottsdale.
2	resort? not really, this an old hotel with very thin walls. rooms are outdated. this was my first and last stay at this place.
2	Stayed here for business last week and my reaction is: meh.    Nothing special about this Scottsdale Road property.  It was really pretty expensive $279/night in April and you don't get a lot for your money.    Nothing "wrong" with the place, but you can do better for the money.   I don't know how they can call it a "resort" unless have a pool qualifies you - no golf/tennis, no spa, etc.  Just a hotel.
3	Nice hotel, but definitely dated. Rooms are nice, but you can hear EVERYTHING through the adjoining door to room next door. It was a nice touch when I checked in that there was jazz playing in the room and a fruit plate. My boss was upgraded to a villa, and those are lovely, and quiet. I had a baby next door that woke me up at 4 each day, so I can't say that I would recommend this hotel.
2	Stayed here for a long weekend. Reserved a standard room with a king size bed. Check in was quick and painless. However, was given keys to a room with two double beds. Was told that all reservations made through third parties are automatically given a room w/ two doubles.....was ultimately given a room with a king bed. No big deal. Hotel was a virtually empty. Hotel is old, old, old. The safety on the electrical outlet kept getting tripped by the ultra-high voltage device I always carry with me...my cell phone charger. Television set was ancient and terrible. Lock on the room door was broken. This might not make sense, but the room was very creaky. Bed was worn out. Now back to my comment regarding the hotel being virtually empty. The last night of our stay, a bus load of 10-13 year olds on a field trip were put in rooms on all sides of us. It was as if they literally put us in their block of rooms. There must have been forty of them with no more than one or two chaperons. They commenced to bang around and scream till the wee hours of the morning. Why is God's name did they have to put them all around us in an empty hotel? With so many other great options in Scottsdale, certainly no reason to give this place another shot.
4	Stayed here a few weeks ago.  The rooms are pretty nice.  It's a Hilton, so I expect the rooms to be decent.  It's an older design with the property spread out.  Since the property is large and offers various entrances from the parking lot, I don't recommend valet parking as it is more convenient to park your car near the entrance to the door closest to your room.One of the great things about this hotel is that it has a Fleming's on property.  We enjoy Fleming's Steaks, so that's always a big plus in our book.I highly recommend that friends consider staying here when visiting the Scottsdale area.  It's located on Scottsdale Rd, a short distance to Old Town where all of the eats and fun places are.Return Factor - 89%
2	Stayed here on business since it was off-season and the rate ($109) was attractive. I usually like the Homewood with its free beer.Beautiful entrance and lobby. My room wasn't quite ready so they comped me for two drinks at one of the two bars on site. The site is fairly spread out so I agree with JD...if you don't like to walk a quarter mile to your room, park near one of the other entrances.Room was clean and roomy, although for two nights, I was awoken .... awakened  ... woken up... aroused... by this loud creaking in the ceiling above me. Thought I was back at my Mom's house when my older brothers would try to sneak in after curfew. Brand new flat screen was recently installed.Housekeeping did a nice job.Fitness center was fairly appointed but major gripe... it doesn't open until 6am.  For an East Coast guy here on business and in the office at 5am AZ time, this is unacceptable.
3	Decent place for a group meeting although the wifi was limited in our room. Spotty and very slow. Friendly and helpful staff. Mike the limo driver was awesome!
2	I'm typically a Marriott girl, so staying at a Hilton was a stretch! I must say, even though the price was better here, I would still pay more for a Marriott property. The front desk receptionist didn't even know how to get back to the Villas, where we were staying. The Villa itself is nice, but that's about where it ends. Food at the restaurant is good; there is better elsewhere in Scottsdale. It is conveniently located though; and you can walk to The Good Egg in the strip mall adjacent. (Also - try Humble Pie!). The friendliest people there were the concierge (great golf recommendations) and the night person at the desk, who gladly split our bill between two couples. I wouldn't stay here again, unless it was another great deal.
4	I attended a charity event here last weekend and I enjoyed it very much. I have not stayed in the hotel yet (as I live down the street), but I will say Flemmings steakhouse and their event facilities are top notch. The location is great too with several dining and shopping options across the street and Old Town Scottsdale a mere $7 cab ride away.
3	I got a great deal on Priceline and was put in a nice, clean room on the ground floor. Great room service experience and decent desk service. Really my only complaint was that we called up to the desk to request a taxi. They said okay, and when we got to the front of the hotel someone shooed us to an unmarked SUV and then charged us a ridiculous amount ($15 plus tip) to drive TWO miles! The next day while checking out, I told the desk person that I was really annoyed about that, and then she proceeded to be annoyed by me complaining and said I had to SPECIFICALLY request a metered cab. That's ridiculous!
4	We stayed at the Scottsdale Hilton in one of their villas for New Years Eve. It was the perfect size for all of us staying there and it was close to where we were going to be in Scottsdale.The villa had it's own kitchen fully equipped with a fridge, stove, sink and even had cups and glasses. There was a little seating area by the kitchen as well.The bedrooms were both a good size and the master bedroom had a huuuuuge bathroom. It also had his and her's sink and tons of space. I was sad that I didn't get to use the shower because it was a walk-in shower and was spacious.There was also a larger sitting area with a tv and fireplace and it also had a pull out bed from the couch. I recommend getting a villa if you will be sharing the space with a few people as there is tons of room!To get to the block party we were going to, we called taxis and the Hilton also sent over shuttles to get us to and from. They weren't charging but did ask for tips. They were really easy to communicate with since we had so many people and they did an awesome job!My only complaint is that some of the outlets in the bathroom and the room didn't work. It wasn't too big of a deal since I found one that worked that was luckily by a mirror so I could do my hair, haha. Other than that, our short stay at the Hilton was great and I wish we could have gotten more use out of the villa.
4	I just had to drop a note to say just how nice it was to have fast, clear and strong Wi-Fi in my room.Whomever handles that for your place is doing great work.
3	This past weekend was our first family trip to Scottsdale. We arrived into AZ about 10am, I called to see if we could do early check in and unfortunately the rooms weren't ready. That was fine, when we did check in we got a nice room with a patio. The patio was a shared patio with a view the pool. The bathroom was really small but, other than that it was a fairly nice sized room. The bedding was comfortable. The furniture was not dated and I didn't hear my neighbors through the thin walls as I had previously read. There is free valet parking so on days like Saturday afternoon when the lot was completely full; you just hand your keys over to valet and walk on into the hotel.The only true negative is the restaurant inside the hotel is really pricey. The continental breakfast was $18 pp and $9 for a 2 y/o, I mean really what 2 year old eats $9 worth of food? Certainly not mine. I'm lucky if she finishes a complete bowl of cereal so dining there was out of the question.The pool area and lobby were my favorite part of the hotel. The lobby is beautiful and  nicely decorated. The pool has a toddler pool which more hotels should make. My little love had an great time splish splashing with the other toddlers. I felt beyond comfortable. They keep the outside pool area stocked with pool towels and plenty of water. While I'm talking about the pool there is a hostess/waitress that comes by the pool and takes food and drink orders. Very attentive, amazing! The bar prices weren't steep at all. You have an option of charging it to your room or paying.I'm definitely a fan and we will stay here again. Maybe after we stay at the Double Tree! They have a free breakfast. :)
1	Huh?  They charge  $50 for "anticipated" incidentals daily?!?  I've never heard of such a thing and I do travel a fair amount.  When I conveyed my dismay to the desk clerk she told me not to worry because the charges would be reversed only 72 hours after check-out??!!??  WTF????  Hilton gets to use additional money of mine for the days I stay and then releases it back to me 3 days after I check-out????  Is this legal????
1	This franchise Hilton had the nerve to negotiate a contract with a 16 yr old girl for a prom. At the time it was negoitated there was no adult supervisor directly in charge. When the prom was over the hotel charged $7000 more for the evening than the verbal commitment they made to the new teacher in charge. Although legal, this hotel is unethical and I would not recommend doing any business with them.
5	I was pleasantly surprised at how wonderful the villas are at this Hilton facility! The rooms are nice sizes, the kitchen was full service, with everything I could possibly need or want, including washer and dryer. The resort itself is just absolutely beautiful and so nicely maintained. The service at check-in as well as in the restaurant was outstanding. I didn't mind that I needed to drive from my villa to the hotel restaurant, main pool, and fitness center (could have walked, but nah!). I would absolutely recommend these Hilton villas if you are going to Phoenix/Scottsdale.
3	Very dated but clean. Fine for a one night stop on road trip. Free coffee in morning & cookies at night. Bathroom tiny!
1	If you come here to eat breakfast because an old friend is in town for the day, here's some advice; DON'T.Service doesn't even aspire toward bad. In fact, the service ranks so far down on the bad scale, it can't be measured. I't like that movie...The Abyss.Food was decent, but nothing to make your shorts wet.And you know those dollar sign symbols indicating how pricey the joint? Well this place should have a small picture of Warren Buffet, Bill Gates, and Mark Zuckerberg gathered inside  the bullion room at Fort Knox for some kind of ceremonial "Were rich, bitches'  circle jerk, prominently displayed somewhere on the menu.This place not only sucks balls, it does so with such tremendous wind tunnel force, it swooshes them down whole, where they lodge in the back of your throat, jamming up your glottal stop, preventing you from making the UH-OH sound upon seeing your bill.
5	What  a beautiful facility. Attention to detail is what this place is about and the army of workers each takes his / her portion of the details and does a mighty fine job. If you want a high end place to stay. This is a good choice. When I made my hotwire reservation and ended up here, I got the deal of the century! I am sure the rack rate is high, but if you want comfort and great facility. this would be a wonderful choice! Oh yes, Everyone and I mean everyone was soooo nice. The gardeners,  the cleaning staff, the front desk, the parking attendant, all of them were super nice and fun and genuinely happy to be of service..
3	I stayed at the hotel for business travel so unfortunately, I didn't get to experience the villas; the company budget wouldn't allow it.  The room I got, in the main hotel, was nice, very spacious and clean.  The bathroom was on the small side but I've experienced worse.  I had a room at the end of the hall, far from the elevator.  I didn't have any issues with noise from neighbors. I have to agree with the post that complained about the lack of electrical outlets in the rooms. It seems so petty, on the surface, but it is really is frustrating when you're trying to work in the room, charge the cell phone, etc. Positives:  The housekeeping staff did a great job.  The property is in a great location; it's close to lots of great dining and shopping.
3	Not 4 Diamond, AAA got it wrong. Go to the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort and Spa at Gainey Ranch, and compare.  To me, I was expecting a hotel equivalent to Hyatt, but instead got a Hilton Garden Inn like hotel, with no bottle water for HHonors Gold Guest and no morning paper waiting at door.   Even the Hampton Inn got it right.  As a frequent traveler, I don't expect much, but I do expect consistency, and the little things go a long way.  I guess by staying at Hilton's in London, New York, and San Francisco, I was expecting the same thing, including executive Lounge.  Not at this Hotel. Skip this Hotel and stay at the Hilton Garden Inn in Scottsdale, not to far from here.    The cleaning folks here did a great job with my room, so room was clean.
2	I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before booking. The bathroom is really small, which wouldn't be a problem if the door opened towards the outside... The power plugs were loose in the bathroom and non-existent throughout the rest of the room.We were there for two nights, and was never serviced. We traveled with our two dogs so i made sure to call the front desk to let them know when we would be out with the dogs so they could come and clean the room... I did that twice the same day, and was clearly unsuccessful.I sent clothes to dry cleaning, and they were supposed to be ready by 9am the next morning... 11am nothing and we were already 2 hours behind schedule to hit the road. It took another 45 mins to get them and check-out. When I called to inquire about it, the lady at the front desk was as unpleasant as one can be. I won't go back to this hotel.
2	Room was small, not much better than  a Holiday Inn Express.  Air conditioner didn't work in our room, they brought us a fan (we moved to a new room the next day).  Staff very unfriendly.  Bathroom very small.  Pool area very plain.  Good location.  Would not stay there again.
3	Stayed here a couple weeks ago when I was in town for spring training and I overall thought the hotel was okay. The room was pretty standard but clean. Pool as nice and having a pool bar was a bonus. This is definitely an ideal location if you're looking to avoid the loud "party" crowd that flocks to most of the hotels during spring training. It was a lot quieter than most and older. Despite a few gems, we had some pretty horrible customer service incidents while staying here. Every pool bartender we encountered in the afternoon and evening walked around like they hate life... they could not have been more unfriendly. We had an awful experience at the restaurant too - I would definitely not eat there again...food took for-ev-er. The shuttle guys were very hit or miss too - some were very nice and friendly and others had major attitude... one even told us he doesn't like "dealing with people"... umm, then why are you in the service industry?? Definitely not my first choice for hotel in the area but it was okay.
3	Very nice property....but very dated. They could compensate with awesome service, but service was only ok. The location was nice. Easy drive to Giants Spring Training. Great parking. Pool is nice, but how about a little service out there?Would probably come back, but I think there are a lot of other properties that might be comparable or better.
3	Overall, we had a good 5-night stay at this property. The room was kept clean, it seemed like the moment we left the room, it would be cleaned before we got back no matter how fast we returned. The resort actually did have a little tropical vacation feel to it with the palm trees around the good size pool and a separate spa/workout center.  It was a nice workout facility (free weights/treadmill with personal tv) although it got a little warm in there. The pool stayed busy all weekend. Actually, we didn't even get in the water because when we thought about it, it just looked too busy to bother.They have a spot for a fire pit, but it was never on and when we asked about it the front desk didn't seem to know about it.  The hotel is in a nice, safe location. We were definitely satisfied with picking this side of town for our Phoenix visit.Overall, it was a good choice and we had a nice stay. I had left a brand new shirt in the closet and after a few calls was able to speak with someone and they were able to send me my shirt which i gladly paid for since it was cheaper than buying a new one.
2	We were here for a convention which was all day in this Hilton. The hotel is dated, but the pool appears updated and the conference room is small for about 200 people. I didn't think this place was spectacular and was glad to have booked the Hyatt to stay.
1	I am so disappointed in this Hilton.  My room is beyond hot.  Walking in from the hall is like walking into a sauna.  Maintenance came and said it was working fine but still so hot.  Want to happy hour at Blue Fire grill and was basically ignored by the wait staff.  Took 75 minutes to get a glass of wine and hummus plate.   Ordered a dessert to take back of room.  Got bill, waited 20 minutes of being ignored more, scratched cost off of bill and left.  Will never return to this resort
5	All the staff have been very friendly and helpful from the moment I arrived. I have come to expect good service from Hilton as I almost always have great experiences at their properties.  But today while I was gone, the housekeeper accidentally broke my bottle of perfume. I was bummed when I returned to my room to find out, and the housekeeper was very apologetic. I understand things like this happen, and was expecting to get a coupon or maybe a free dinner or something. Instead, the manager showed up at my room about an hour or so later with a shopping bag...they had replaced the perfume by buying me a new bottle. That's great customer service! I will definitely be coming back.
4	Villa was really nice, big enough for a large family. Full use kitchen, laundry, two bedrooms, two bath, large living area. Bring your own food and save on gonig out.  The walls are thin and you can hear your neighbors, if they are loud. Another downside was how far from the main hotel the Villas are located. If you wanted to use the main pool you would have to drive or walk. There is a pool area with the Villas, but was dirty and the water was a little green. In the 115 degree weather the A/C in the Villa was AWESOME. The A/C kept the Villa really comfortable and pleasent.
4	We booked one of their Villas due to the fact that we had 4 adults.  Since it was in the middle of summer, the rates were great and I was able to get one of my nights for points.  The Villa bedrooms were very  nice and comfortable with huge bathrooms.  The living room was huge, yet the furniture was a bit uncomfortable.  The kitchen was great and very useful to have.  One strange thing in the kitchen was no dish towel, just paper towels.  Not a big thing.  The main pool was a distance, but it was nice.  I called 3 days before my visit to make sure we would not have to change rooms, as one night was reserved on points (2 separate reservations).  We knew we would be out most of the day and didn't want the hassle of re-checking in, etc.  Was told not a problem and was told the same thing upon check in when I reminded the front desk person that I was there for 2 nights.  He even went into a back area to make my keys so they wouldn't de-activate the next day.  What a surprise to get a nasty phone message that we had over-stayed our welcome and would be charged since we had not checked out.  When I called the desk, the gal changed her story and said she had noticed the other reservation after the phone message was left, but did not apologize.  So why did I call ahead and double check upon check-in???  Overall, I would stay here again, the property isn't huge but was nice and we truly enjoyed our stay.
3	This place doesn't have much in comparison to the two Best Westerns we stayed in this week. We are now confirmed Best Westerners!
1	No bell boy to help me while I waa struggling with a bunch of things. No one offered help. No front desk service for 5 mins when I arrived. Hall ways smell like public toilets. Shitty. Def not a 4 star hotel.
2	No revolving doors at hotel so certainly not conducive for carrying luggage. Nice staff at check in.Room decent size.A/C broken, had to request a box fan. Checked out a day early due to A/C and they still insisted on charging me $125 early check out. I explained why we were leaving and they stated that it was basically my fault bc i turned the thermostat down too low and froze the unit.
4	Time for a review update.  The two main reasons I visit this hotel is to dine at Fleming's and to attend conferences.  Conferences are perfect for this hotel because the parking for the meeting space is in the back where the ballroom is located, so it's an easy in/out parking situation.  The banquet staff is experienced and do a good job taking care of attendees.  The banquet food here is good too.Fleming's is awesome as usual.  Separate review for them...but in short, they have a great happy hour and awesome Steaks.Besides that, all of my comments from my last review still apply.Return Factor - 80%
2	This place is bizarre. We ended up here booking last minute on Hotwire. We're not really picky as long as a place is nice and clean, but I'm not sure where a place that's selling rooms at $50 a night on Hotwire gets off trying to make you pay extra if you want a king bed instead of two doubles? It would have been fine if they were simply out of kings, but trying to make people pay for it is just silly. They actually are double beds, so we just slept in separate beds. Not a huge deal for us, but if you want romance, you'll pay for it.It also was a million degrees in the room and the AC wouldn't really work. It was probably only in the 80s outside, so I'm not really sure why. The whole place has a weird horror movie feel to it, which seems very strange for a "resort" in Scottsdale.Best of all, the building makes all kinds of terrifying settling/creaking sounds like it's about to fall down. My husband threw a pillow at the ceiling to be funny and it sounded like the roof was going to cave in.
4	I loved this hotel! The lobby is beautiful and they made checking into the hotel easy and efficient. They also have an awesome business center with no limit on printing, definitely a win for the business traveler! The room was also outstanding. It was large, spacious, and clean. The bed was also amazingly comfortable and I loved how they didn't have a nasty comforter on it. All hotels should take that tact. I was supposed to stay here for two nights and was very disappointed I didn't have the opportunity to, it is a great hotel and if I am ever in Scottsdale again I'll be back.
1	Nice hotel for for show and decor only. The night manager behind desk not the most friendly and was not willing to put my Hilton Gold number to my room for credit of stay of two nights. He said he could only put in one number and put in my other crew members number!! Walls were also thin and definitely not sound proofed. Both nights there was a couple doing the "horizontal hoola hoop" and making all kinds of scary sounds  The next night the headboard in the opposite side room was just slapping my other wall without all the oohs and ahhhs and "f~*k ya's" from the night before !!  Now I'm in the bathroom shaving I can hear that very same couple thru the air conditioning vent like they are showering together with me! 2 stars for the decor and design only, but definitely needs soundproofing.
3	This hotel was picked due to locale (ease of getting too Scottsdale Stadium) and a good corporate rate.  Those two factors are all good. Our beef with this hotel is that the walls are too thin. Seriously consider your choices if you are a light sleeper, or, if you don't care to listen to other guests' conversations through the wall.
3	Very nice location with excellent service.Pros: Customer service, beautiful interior and exterior, comfortable and well designed rooms, excellent food, good prices and awesome valet. Cons: If you're a light sleeper like I am, you'll wake up a lot. Ceiling creeks at night, guests can be heard through the walls and people start getting up at 5:30 am. We stayed on the second floor, so maybe that's isolated for the creaking ceiling. I'd stay here again because of the service.
4	Decided at the last minute to book a room for the weekend in Scottsdale for the weekend birthday celebratory of a great friend. Since we have points with Hilton, this resort was a no-brainer. It's close to Old Town; cool restaurants; Fleming's Steakhouse is attached and that is always a win-win; there's a nice gym; infused water; nice decor and on-the-spot room service. The pool could be larger and it's filled with children; a renovation to that would be a plus, give them their space and the adults their own, too. But, lots of shade and umbrellas, even on a 112* day. The pool bar is hit and miss. The first guy, Alex, is amazing. He was alone running the pool bar and serving the pool guests at their loungers; very nice, attentive and eager to please. The next guy, complete polar opposite! David could learn from Alex! David doesn't do friendly! In fact, David is down right rude. I would say renovate the pool & add some cabanas for rent; another pool bar or at least some help for Alex , ( but not David :) ) ; and add some more options on the late night room service menu which goes : desserts; coffees/teas/alcohols; kids menu . But, it's still a solid 4 star for me because all else was done so well. From valet to check in, to breakfast delivery to dinner to concierge services . Good job Hilton
4	This is a surprisingly luxurious, spacious, and well-staffed hotel. I couldn't believe I could get a full kitchen, separate bedroom, and family food package -- in a villa -- for just $135 a night! (August off-season deal.) The villa was above and beyond my expectations! It had two large bedrooms each with attached full bathrooms, a full kitchen (fridge, stove/oven, microwave, dishwasher) AND a washer/dryer in the room. The villas are tucked behind a strip mall and set apart from the main hotel, which is about a block away. They have their own pool and there's access to a beautiful, huge pool at the main hotel. The breakfast offered with the family package is wonderful, fresh food. I detracted one star because the property and rooms are a little older and worn in places, as well as the awkwardness of how far away the villas are from the main hotel. The staff was great. Had a great stay and would go again!
4	Not without its inconsistencies, the Scottsdale Hilton Resort is an elegant and beautifully appointed hotel in a location convenient to both Old Town and the local highways.  The front desk and concierge service are absolutely top-notch, customer-centric and on their game.  The little details are tended to; good coffee and flavored waters in the main lobby, outstanding poolside bar service, thick cotton towels and robes and clean public areas among them.  In fact, so much attention is given to hosing-down the outdoor concrete that you would never suspect that the area has a water shortage.Rooms were right-sized, neither spacious, nor cramped, and attractively furnished.  Water pressure was good on the first floor, but temperatures were extremely inconsistent and variable.  Beds appeared to be a bit old and not as comfortable as in most Hilton properties.  The available television stations were at least a decade behind current tastes, but high-end LG flat screens were appreciated.  WiFi bandwidth was outstanding, and didn't require constantly repeating a log-in process.The Scottsdale Hilton Resort has two restaurants, an independent Fleming's (a top-tier chain steakhouse) and their own Blue Fire.  While I found the food at the Blue Fire to be adequate, I believe that the other members of my family will disagree.  Service is amateurish and slow, while prices are high.  No worries, however, as there are dozens of places to eat within an easy walking radius.We checked-in as a family of four, yet received only three sets of towels.  The front desk was apologetic, and promised that additional towels would be delivered shortly.  Three hours later we called again and the extra towels arrived within five minutes.  Yet for each of the two remaining days of our stay housekeeping brought only three sets.  It is an attention to details like this which separate "very good" from "great" motels.There is plenty of free parking, but the campus is very large and long walks may be necessary if you don't park near the closest entry point to your room.  Our room had a locked refrigerator, which I'll assume to be a cash bar feature, yet we were never offered the opportunity to obtain a key.We enjoyed our stay at Scottsdale Hilton Resort, and at $119/night found an incredible irony in the fact that the least expensive of the three motels on our cross-Arizona vacation was clearly the best.
4	Its one of my favorite Phoenix hotels. I do love it here. The staff is amazing, the rooms are great and the fitness center is one of the nicest I've seen. As with nearly all hotels, I hate how cramped the restroom are. You can barely sit on the toilet if the door is open and you cannot shower with the door open at all. The only other issue I have is that the fan in the rooms can't be adjusted. I prefer it on all the time when I'm sleeping and thats not possible. However, I keep returning because its a great place in a great location with a great staff. And they have complimentary valet.
4	Just recently stayed at this hotel. The outside of this hotel is very charming. Just like everything else in AZ the building is brown. Staff was extremely sweet, breakfast is your standard Hilton breakfast with extras on the menu. The pool is big with a full bar. Very nice! Although it is sweltering in AZ I did try out the jacuzzi, very relaxing. The room we stayed in lacked natural light..no windows just French style doors to open (that you can actually go out of to access the pool area) the room felt to dark. There is also a sitting area outside of the French doors from your room, nice and quiet but I missed having a window!
1	Checked in at 9:30 am & they had no rooms available. They wouldn't, not couldn't, look up my company's Hilton Honors account to apply it to my room at check in. Had to wait in a very empty lobby for quite some time for a room to be ready. I travel every week for work, this has been the worst check in experience ever.
2	Wish it could be 2 1/2 stars.In town for business and the Hilton was the "overflow" hotel from the conference.The good:*The Lobby Ambassador James is amazing. There is no way on earth you can't be happy around this man. Beautiful soul.* Location was good and central to everywhere we needed to be.* Most of the staff was very professional and friendly.* Comfy bed* Spacious room*Decent, free wi-fi* Good area for using a computer/printing*Huge bath towelsThe not-so-good:* Super thin walls. This is a deal breaker for me. Not only could I hear my neighbors through the wall (sounding like Charlie Brown's teacher) but I could hear them intelligibly through the bathroom vent. Very strange. * The ceiling creaks. Loudly. This is the strangest thing. I was on the top floor and the ceiling creaked often. A couple times it woke me up.* All the TV channels didn't work. In fact, most of them didn't. The hotel tried to fix but couldn't so they did comp me some room service.*Someone prior to me had opened the mini bar and it was left open. I didn't realize until my last night.Everything was knocked over and the unit was warm.Overall, lots of things seem slightly dated.
1	This hotel was very presentable and nice. The service were very helpful. The pool area is very nice as is the restaurant, and breakfast area.The workout room was not a full gym but you could still get a good workout in. You can even rent beach cruiser bikes, which are cool.THE UGLY:I don't know if it was the room I was in or what but I have never in my life stayed in a room that was so noisy. I had many meetings lined up which require a clear head and a good nights rest which I did not get. All night long it sounded like the walls were going to fall apart, and the roof was going to cave in. I'm not talking about your normal cracks and creeks I'm talking full on loud construction type noises. At times it was like a window being slammed shut over and over again. Needless to say I was very unhappy.After the second day if this (thinking day 1 was a fluke or something) I informed the guy as I checked out about the noises. His responses were less then what I would consider hilton standards but in a nut shell he told me the noises were from temperature changes and having a wooden roof. What ever the reason I would not recommend staying here until they get a new roof or some other type fix.
4	Good hotel. Unfortunately Someone in the room next to us were smoking and my husband is allergic. They handled the situation and when we got back to our hotel the smell and people were gone. Leaving tomorrow; back to LA. Overall a good stay so far.
2	The Hotel is in the best possible location for walkable restaurants and Scottsdale Rd. is the heart of everything.  If feels like a Hilton, the Ambassador, James, should be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for being himself and the concierge is just as kind.  The Spa was small but accommodating.  The Jr. Suite on the second floor is spacious and the bed is just what the doctor ordered.  Sleep was sound and comfortable, A/C not loud and the creaky ceilings reported in previous reviews was not a problem.I've placed the "trouble" part down here where management will read it but most Yelpers won't bother so this is your "gimme" managers!The trouble:  We noticed a wet, funky smell coming from the hallway and the buckled carpets implied a water problem and after returning from a day hiking we noticed our room smelled like old cheese.  We reported the problem to the front desk and she offered a similar room on the bottom floor sans funky smell but it wasn't the same. Then she offered to have maintenance come up and "spray" the room.  This is the comment that prompted 2 stars. You don't offer to "spray" a room that a customer has willingly paid $200 a night for three nights!  Hilton, you can do better than this or maybe you've changed your protocol for pursuing the Gold standard?  With people like James in the Lobby and Tom in the Wellness Center, why skimp on the training for the front desk on Monday night?  Suggestion: Give the staff the authority to proactively explain why the floor is buckled and smells like old sewer and beg our pardon with anything positive, perhaps a breakfast or a discount on the next stay or even, god forbid, an upgrade to a nicer room that is unoccupied for the next few nights. That extra bit of training would have been worth it and an extra 2 stars!
