5	Sarah is amazing! I was so scared to cut my hair short, but she did such a good job. On top of that, I got a full head of highlights and not only was the price low, the quality was amazing. I've gone to other stylists in the past and have been overcharged and left with orange or brassy hair, but Sarah made sure my color was beautiful and consistent.
5	I've been going to see Sarah for some time and she has always provided excellent service. She has done everything from cut and color to Brazilian blowout. I definitely recommend her to anyone looking for great salon service!
5	My hair is ready for summer! Twelve weeks of smooth frizz free hair with a Brazilian blowout treatment. Sarah is a wonderful, cheery person filled with stories that pass the time. I left her salon feeling *very* purty.As this was my first time having a Brazilian hair treatment Sarah carefully explained the process. Additionally she gave me a heads up prior to each step. I was surprised how glass like smooth my hair turned out. (Like silk!) The salon is located on the ground floor of "Salon Studios". (Next door to Moda Fina.) Sarah offers flexible hours - including Mondays!  In addition to the straightening treatments (Brazilian, Keratin, Japanese Straightening) standard salon options abound. Hair cuts, color, highlights, shampoo/blowouts & up-do's.  I felt like I was visiting a friend vs. a generic salon. I smiled when I saw the wine glasses. (My kind of people!) I would keep an eye out on Groupon to nab a killer deal. You won't regret it!
5	Had Brazilian keratin treatment done today. Really liked Sarah and setup of her studio. You are in a real salon type environment but no interaction with other patrons: Sarah has her own  studio. She did perfect job and time flew by: she has really fun easygoing personality. I will def be back for more services.
5	The absolute most amazing hair stylist on the planet. My Blonde is always amazing my hair feels healthy and shines. Paige Miller has cut colored and taken amazing care of my locks for more then 5 years! So Happy she will be closer to my neighborhood. My best kept secret is out!
5	I always have a hard time finding the right person to cut my hair.  Which is why, up until now, I have been salon hopping in hopes to find "the one".  I found this salon through Yelp and read about the reviews and thought I'd give it a try since it's not too far from my house.  Paige was my hair stylist and she was super sweet and actually listened to what I wanted done with my hair.  She also made some suggestions which I thought were great and then we were off to get my hair shampoo'd, cut and styled.  Not only was Paige professional, but she didn't talk my ear off and didn't ask me a bunch of imposing questions (Where do you work? Are you married? Any kids? Where do you live? etc.).  She knew when to make conversation and she also knew when to stay quiet.  A pet peeve of mine is a talker. I know they are supposed to make conversation but majority of the time it is SO forced and gets really awkward.  It's been 2 weeks now and my hair still looks and feels great.  I will be going back to Paige and made sure I told her that.  A tip is that she usually books her appointments via her cell phone, so my best bet to insure that I get Paige is to call her cell to make my appointment.  480.296.1316.
