4	Just had my weather-beaten front door refinished by Desert Rose.  I'm a HUGE fan of their work!  Josh and the crew arrived on time, briefed me on what they were going to do, set up a tent outside and quickly got to work.  Curious, I would come out and see what was going on periodically, and Josh would patiently answer my questions.AMAZING watching the process.  These guys KNOW what they are doing!  After all, they specialize in refinishing doors - and I was impressed.  We had to decide about the stain, and Josh would point out the pros and cons of the finishes, and even noted that the inside stain should be slightly lighter than the outside stain because of the difference in lighting.  Who knew?  Ahhh, that's right!  They do because they are SPECIALISTS!
5	We had our aged, hand-carved front door refinished by Desert Rose Door & they did an incredible job!  Prior to the job being scheduled the owner came out & assessed our door's condition & went over every aspect of the refinishing process with me.  On the day of the job, a four-man team arrived on time & were very professional.  They erected a tent, removed the massive door from its hinges & placed it carefully onto a makeshift foundation.  They tightly sealed the door opening & kept their work area in our driveway neat & clean.  They all wore safety gear & were meticulous with each step of the refinishing process.  Once they reached the point of applying the stain they made sure I was satisfied with the color & appearance before proceeding.  After the job was complete, they informed me of how the door would "cure" over the next couple of days & made sure I was thoroughly happy with everything.  This company is very professional & extremely knowledgeable about the protection & maintenance of exterior wood front doors.  They take great care in preserving the quality of the door in order to sustain its beauty & longevity.  I highly recommend them for all your door refinishing & resurfacing needs - they are the best in town.
1	Had our front door refinished.  The owner insisted that the best way was to strip the old finished off, stain and apply an oil.  No clear coat for protection.  We questioned this and he insisted that this was the best for this door.  The door protection lasted about 1/4 the time the original way the door was finished.  Not only that but it also created much more damage from the water and sun.  I now have a door that is worse than before I had it done  by this company.Further, the oil and finish that was applied seeped into the door lock mechanism and gummed it up. I called several times about this to have them fix this with no response.  I had to take it off and clean the lock myself.Do yourself a favor - check elsewhere for door refinishing and repair.. as I will be doing.
5	I was a bit hesitant after the one Yelper mentioned the doors didn't come out so great, but I called anyway. SO glad I did!It took a bit to schedule, but Rose was wonderful. They're busy and I could only be home to be the with dog certain days, but we scheduled a month out and it worked out fine. The price was reasonable compared to other companies and I received a receipt upon completion.Josh and crew were amazing! They actually arrived 10 mins early, which was a first for any company we had come out - so nice! We had 5 wood doors refinished on the exterior. I should have taken a picture beforehand - they were splitting at the bottom, white with oxidation, and just not in a good place. 6 people came out, set up a tent and saw horses and did all 5 doors in 8 hours. Since the originals were satin finish, they did put a polyurethane on them to match. They really look nice and match the originals, which is important. Would definitely recommend Desert Rose Door - hard workers and they know what they're doing. We've even asked if they could give us a quote for another project.
