4	This Panda Express is newly built and recently opened. The outside looks great, very modern and well designed, it really sticks out and gives the place an inviting feel. Inside it's very clean and well laid out with bright lights and warm colors. Although very busy the couple of times I have visited so far, my order has been taken promptly and served up in no time with friendly service. I'm not going to be coy about feeling weird giving a Panda Express four stars, but along with the above mentioned things this location is doing right goes the food. I've been to malls plenty of times and gotten Panda Express for this reason or that, and the food here can't be compared. It all seemed fresh, hot, and well flavored. While I'm skeptical about the quality maintaining it's present state, I still have to be fair to what I've observed so far. Four stars... for now at least.
2	After patiently watching this Panda's construction for weeks, we were so excited when it finally opened. We waited about a week so they could work out any hitches, but were sadly disappointed still.Our favorite orange chicked was nearly too spicy to swallow and its over-heated sauce spoiled the rest of the food. I couldn't even salvage much of the rice, so it all went into the garbage. We like well-seasoned Asian food with a tasty kick, but this was too, too much.We've loved PE's orange chicken for years and never had any nearly as spicy-hot as this. Either the cooks goofed or this restaurant has changed the recipe according to somebody's perception of the customer base.So, it is back to driving a few miles to get our orange chicken, etc.
1	the worst asian food anywhere The sign jokingly says gourmet  Its a joke and waste of $ to eat there
2	The decor is nice but that's about the only thing this panda express has going for them. The staff is neutral-unfriendly, far from superior customer service. I've come here appx four times since they opened and have had to wait for the side I wanted each time. This time, I get here at 11, when the store is supposed to open, its been 20 minutes, all the sides are not out, and the steamed rice and mixed veggies are not prepared. To be honest, I will probably still come here because its close and there aren't a lot of other restaraunts in walking distance, but I'm ashamed.
2	I like panda express, and I like this new layout. However if I'm going to eat somewhere I want to ne treated a certain way. I'm buying THEIR food with MY money. I can easily go to a different location. Fix the staff attitude please. "they're high schoolers" is no excuse. There is still a professional standard everyone has to follow. Get a shift manager that makes sure the restaurant is running smoothly and everyone is treated with the respect they should be given. Don't gossip the entire time.
1	2nd time I've used this location to cater our monthy Directors' Meeting.  The first time they said they'd deliver (because they're only a block away) and the food did not show up at the agreed-upon time.  They called me an hour later asking me why I hadn't come to the restaurant to pick up the food.  I told them that the Manager had specifically agreed (to my face) to deliver--again because we're only a block away.  45 minutes AFTER THAT, the food showed up.  Yesterday I placed my order for this month's meeting today, and told them that I'd pick up the food at 12:30.  Arrived at 12:30 and they hadn't even started the order.  The cashier asks the cook what is going on and (big mistake, shithead) he decides to angrily yell his response in Spanish across the kitchen in front of the "Stupid Gringo" that he hasn't started it yet, because it isn't due until 12:30.  He seemed quite shocked when the Stupid Gringo (who speaks fluent Spanish) answered him IN SPANISH in a less-than-pleasant fashion that it WAS 12:30 PM.  Still did not have my food 10 minutes later.  The Manager/Shift Supervisor decides to tell me in English that they're having a problem.  I respond, in Spanish, confused as to which language he and his staff should be using in front of customers (particularly because this idiot cook obviously understood English perfectly), asking why he can't deliver my food on time when I specifically confirmed this order well over 24 hours in advance.  No comp, no price reduction, nothing.  Will NEVER be eating here AGAIN!!!!!  I agree with the other reviews regarding service--and, while you're at it, probably should lose the angry vibe that permeates the kitchen.  Particularly when you just never know who can speak Spanish.  And it's absolutely unprofessional and insulting to purposely speak another language in front of your customers when you actually do have a command of English.
1	Where are the managers at? Because they apparently don't watch the attitudes of their employees. Ester d was rude and didn't acknowledge me once. While at the drive thru window another girl came up to start spraying windex. Are you kidding me? I'm getting my food why are you cleaning in my personal space. I will not be returning
1	Worst Panda Express that I have ever been too! Its called Panda EXPRESS, express means fast/quick? I waited 20 minutes in the drive thru and confronted Sofia about the issue. While ignoring my input she said "do you want soy sauce" I replied "no thank you and stated that the wait is ridiculous."  She didn't say anything and handed me my food and closed the window. Rude customer service and extremely long wait. Do not go to this Panda when you only have 30-minutes for your lunch break!
2	Reached out to corporate. They sent me a coupon. Wait is still ridiculously long.
5	This panda express has never disappointed me and I've been going here since it opened. To all the negativity, pull some sticks out of your butts and go get a job yourself.
