5	Well, I never thought I would review a supermarket, let alone a chain. But, here it goes. This location is up the road from my great aunt's house and has a Budget kiosk where returned our car (see my review.) The store is clean with well organized and wide aisles. We stocked up on Activia, an apple fritter and butterscotch muffin from the bakery, as well as loto tickets. The apple fritter was alright not crispy or soggy, but sweet and not too doughty with a wonderful apple filling. The butterscotch muffin was to die for, moist yet firm with a crispy, sweet top and moist interior. All of the employees are nice and go out of their way eager to  help you. We also bought a bouquet of flowers for my great aunt. Next time, I will have to try more from their bakery and the fried and rotisserie chickens from the deli. So, for an excellent grocery shopping experience with friendly staff at reasonable prices, Fry's cannot be beat. Keep up the good work guys.!
4	This Fry's has a GREAT selection of natural foods! Faux meats, vegan chik'n boullion cubes, soy and almond milks in multiple flavors, as well as a good selection of organic produce. If they start carrying tofutti sour cream and cream cheese, Sprouts will be seeing me much less often! They even have my Sabra hummus.
5	Oh Fry's, you were listening! On my last visit I saw you added Tofutti to your natural section. You also had organic basil and organic leaks. I heart you! You rock!
4	the bakery and deli do a good job in putting together orders.  We ordered a few patters for our company meeting and they gave us TONNNS/ an excess amount of mayo and mustard.  They put onions on the wraps that and we asked for no onions but it wasn't that big of a deal to pick them off.  Overall the prices were fair and even custom made a vegy order :)  Yahoo
2	Not a good Fry's. Usually have to wait in line for a long time.
3	The cheese selection leaves something to be desired.The bakery/bread area is quite nice and usually well-stocked.Their cashiers know what they're doing.The lack of a real meat-department-counter is disappointing.The store is usually neat and tidy.
3	I love Fry's.  Its my favorite store of all of them because they usually have great bargains and USUALLY friendly staff. Today I was surprised that I received NO "Thank you"!! I usually do!! It does make a difference.  This gal did tell me "how much I saved by shopping at Fry's" but there was NO thank you!!! It was store #45 and operator #120 about 11:30 this AM. The receipt I got had no "survey code" so it makes it harder to comment. If this is the policy for this store, guess I will frequent a different one.
