4	It's late at night, I'm in the middle of god-knows-where in the influx of Caesar's, The Forum Shops, etc etc.. standing in some super long taxi line when...---"Hey, 'scuse me, you want a taxi?"Some dude out of NOWHERE just approached me and offered me a taxi. I was getting really tired and looking at the line + traffic was just depressing, so I followed this mystery gentleman back into the casino castle. He was very clean-cut and presentable. Navigating back through the casino labyrinth, we came out one side and there was his vehicle: a sharp, new Nissan SUV and NO traffic. It was unmarked so I always ask for credentials and business info. He understood and gave me their business card. Sweet. He breezed through the side streets and I was relieved when I got back to my hotel. It's a higher premium, but hey, you just paid for late nite speed back to the hotel in Vegas. I imagine I'd still be back south standing in that stupid line...Zzz...The one thing that unsettled me was that my driver was perhaps a bit too preoccupied with using his phone and/or processing my card on the nifty phone gadget while driving since we got the tail-end of a red light.You guys should know: Safety. Comes. First.
5	My challenge was transporting 100 wedding guests from 4 locations in the Las Vegas area to a venue outside of town and getting them there at the same time. Imagine the logistics. After talking with several transportation companies, I was fortunate enough to get to work with Jahn at Lucky Limo. From the beginning, he understood exactly what I needed and set me an estimate the same day. Over the course of the next 2 weeks as we refined the details, he was super responsive and every time I had a question, got back to me no matter the hour. He coordinated 4 coaches and a limo. Each was on-time at their designated pick-up locations for both the departure to the event and the return. The coaches were clean and the drivers courteous. I was super nervous about pulling this off, but from beginning to end my experience with Lucky Limo was A++. If there was a 6th star, I would give that to them as well.
5	We had Matt and he was awesome. Very professional and nice, amazing service! highly highly recommend! Ask for Matt!!
