4	Review of Gym: It meets the standards of a luxury apartment gym. The size of the gym is small but it provides 2 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, and a weight room. In addition, there is an adjacent playroom for children to hang out while their mommies are working out (yes, there is a television in there). The equipment is in good condition because the apartment complex is new and also because it is well maintained. There are 2 flat screen televisions for general viewing but also some of the machines have mini-TVs installed on them which is quite convenient. Unfortunately, the quality of the mini-TVs are mediocre. Lastly, they provide towels and a water cooler in the gym!24-hour access is really convenient! Unfortunately, you can't say the same about the pools. Gym access is limited to renters but their guests are allowed to use their facilities.
3	I sure wish I didn't have to wait for maintenance to fix my apartment.  I don't like chasing these guys down.
3	We have lived in Quest Apartments ever since we moved to Henderson over two years ago. The complex is clean, well maintained, has some of the best on-site superintendents you could ask for and the management staff is pretty great. We have enjoyed living here these last couple years and plan on staying until we decide whether or not we will buy a home in the area. The gym is acceptable, clean and does not smell too heavily of body odor, plus it is open 24 hours a day. Some of the machines has TV's which is great, and there are two flat screens in the weight area. If you want, they have the radio too and you can even put in your own workout CD. They have a special room with a TV for those who want to do DVD workouts, and there are plenty of mats in all areas for stretching, yoga, etc. There are tanning beds next to the bathrooms in the clubhouse, sometimes they throw cute little parties during the holidays and there is a Starbucks coffee machine in the complex that we can all use for free. They have the standard computer room and pool tables, very nice and simple.I don't like that the pool is not open for 24 hours like many complexes in the area - maybe this is because of irresponsible tenants or outside teenagers having a rave at the pool all last summer and shutting it down several times due to glass on the floor of the pool and vandalism. I don't like that they send out letters without really thinking about what they're telling us in them - sometimes the letters are illogical and overly abrasive and it gets a bit exhausting. However, I do love that they give you a heads-up when they come in to inspect the fire detectors and sprinklers or when they need to inspect the fire extinguishers in the units themselves. Even though it took them over 5 months, they finally took care of a situation where a tenant allowed their dog to urinate all over the building and not clean up after their pet, but at least it was taken care of and they did power clean the area twice. Their billing system is a bit off - originally we didn't have to pay for garbage removal, now we do, now we have to pay a service fee with each bill and have no way to avoid it, just little changes that never existed before Greystar became the management company for the complex. I do like online billing and payments, but too bad it locks me out all the time and is a hassle to refresh. However, the place is clean and even if the tenants have poor behavior at times, that does not mean the complex is terrible. It will definitely do for now, especially since we pay under $1000 for a two bed/two bath and two walk-in closet apartment!
1	The worst apartment complex tied because of the management and the people here are sketchy and now there are gangs but across the street from Panda Express and down the street from the wealthiest place in Henderson but the worst cops in the nation because they are sketchy to
1	This complex is for looks only.  Hot tubs is constantly broke by children not even living there.  Gate is constantly slow on one side and never fixed.  People rarely clean up after their dogs making the outside somewhat disgusting.  Would never rent here again.
1	DO NOT RENT HERE!!!!!! HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT AND HORRIBLE STAFF!!! It is such a shame that these apartments are so nice and great looking but the office staff and management are horrible! They are sneaky with money and will try to get it from you any way they can! It wasn't just us either! My neighbor, while we were there, said they were trying to charge her for carpet repairs that she was trying to get them to fix in the first place from the balcony door catching on the rug! Then they were trying to charge us to pay for all new carpeting in our two bedroom apartment because there were only two spots that just needed to be replaced from our cats. They were only about a shoe box each size and yet they said since they don't do patch work they were going to charge us for over $600 worth of carpet repairs!! ARE YOU NUTS! So we fought them on it all the way and we just ended up not getting ANY of our deposits back. Such a load of crap! HORRIBLE PLACE AND BEBE IS HORRIBLE TOO!!! Not a way to handle a business. Only rent here if you never have to see the staff and in that case just don't rent then!
1	Worst place I have ever lived at.. The office said is very unprofessional, shady, and do not care about their residents. I WOULD NOT recommend living here.. Justine doesn't even know anything about the industry and is dumb founded about everything. When she first gave us our apartment, she gave us a handicapped one.... We were not going to live in a handicap apartment. Then she told me that an actual unit would not be available for another month so she made a stay in another apartment until our apartment was ready.. Tony the maintenance Guy is constantly buying drugs off other residents which one instance I witnessed it. The buildings are very pretty and has a lot to offer, The landscaping is phenomenal and the pools are wonderful. But in order to make more money for the company and to have the business grow I believe that you need to weed out some of your staff members because they are the reason why people are submitting their 60 day notice. I signed a year contract and I am being kicked out of the apartment by management because of my dog that I have which don't forget he does have a paper from my doctor stating the fact that he's my service dog.
1	Just moved out from quest apartment homes and had been living there for 18 months.When I moved in,no one cleaned carpet for me or did any wall painting.I left apartment in perfect condition,cleaned carpet 2 times per year and then finally bought vacuum carpet cleaner to keep it cleaned as I have a puppy who was trained to pee on balcony on pad but she accidentally could do a mess and I was always right there to clean.As I have a dog,management decided to rip me off taking my $400 deposit due to having a carpet damage done by dog which is bullshit.they said they would replace the whole carpet for $280 or smth.i was wondering if its real to replace the whole carpet for that much money in 1300 sq ft apartment as they don't do patch work- that what I was told.i guarantee they just keep money and simply clean carpet without replacing it and then other renters will move in and the same thing will happen again.Moved to Vegas bcoz my school is closer to drive.Thought I would be back in a year to Henderson or so but definitely not in to this place.It doesn't matter what,they will try to find an excuse to keep ur deposit.This is not fair when ppl are making rent business,taking rent pays and deposits from customers meanwhile you,as a customer,cant get any service for free except changing burnt bulbs.They would have had better reviews and higher rent  enrollment if they had done at least carpet cleaning for free to those customers who lived longer than a year.And furthermore,taking $200 non refund deposit for my dog,in addition $200 refundable deposit for the dog again and charging me rent -$25 each month is way too much when you don't even have enough space to walk for the dog....like in a cage there.....poop is laying all over and garbage is scattered by the wind and spills of coffee and oil right before u enter ur building.obviously saving money on yard cleaning.Also they charge $200 non refund deposit when u apply to be renters,plus $200 refundable deposit in case of damages????!! Are u kidding me?I do not recommend to move in to Quest Apartment Homes not because I don't get my deposit back,it's simply due to not good care of apartments before somebody moves in and then when u move in you are trapped as they will say you damaged the carpet and this and that....When I moved in,I hadn't had any dog yet,but pet hair was all over tucked between baseboards and carpet(the pet was living there before I moved in),even paint was on top of hair;it means when they even do some cleaning and painting they don't do it properly,so lazy to clean and vacuum thoroughly and then put the paint on.
4	Wow. There are a lot of negative reviews on here and I guess I can consider myself lucky. :-/I have lived at Quest for 7 months and I've had one minor problem with the pluming and it was taken care of right away. The model I have is one of their upgraded units with wood-like flooring so this eliminates all the maintenance required with having carpet. Quest has several models, and ALL are beautiful. My interaction with the girls at the front office has been very minor since I never seem to have a problem. My unit is located on the east building and I have absolutely no issues with parking, ever! I agree, the walls are paper thin. I kid you not, I can hear the bedsprings in my upstairs neighbors mattress every time he/she gets in and out of bed! crazy. The prices are a bit high but not too crazy. I do know that all units facing north are significantly cheaper than those facing south. This is because you cannot instal satellite dish in those units facing north. You're pretty much stuck with Cox. The pool area is very nice. The pool is cold but not as cold as some people describe it to be. I have used the hot tub three times since I moved, all times it worked just fine. The gym is a bit small but I've never had a problem getting through my workout. People there just don't care much to go workout?... This complex has a lot of young working adults and students, which is probably why it may be noisy at times. Nothing wrong with that. I've lived in MANY apartments in Henderson and Quest has been my favorite, thus far. Will definitely update my review and rating if anything changes but I honestly love this place and would recommend it to anyone looking into renting here.
4	Wow, I honestly think several of the reviews below are a bit overexaggerated or are out of anger because they didn't like how something went during their stay here. I'm going on my 8th month living here and I like it a lot. I've lived in a couple different apartment complexes in the lv/henderson area and quest had been the best so far. The staff is great. Justene, ebony, and Celeste have always been very nice and helpful. The maintenance crew always greets you and their staff overall gives good vibes to their residents. The amenities are nice. Business center is nice (although they could use some new chairs), Starbucks machine is lovely, pool and workout room are always clean. I've never experienced anything dirty or broken. Never had issues with plumbing or maintenance. I had one small issue with my tub and it was tended to in a pretty timely manner. (Keep in mind this is a fairly large complex, you can't always be catered to the minute you want it done) Love living here overall. Awesome location, stephanie street has everything you could possibly want. If they made it easier to get in without remote (call box), had 24 hour security and more of the amenities were available 24 hours, id give the place 5 stars.
3	I have only lived here for 3 weeks and I will come back after a few months to do a complete review. I just wanted to post that I found a scorpion in my apartment tonight. I have lived in Vegas for 6 years in 2 different places and have never once seen a scorpion. Obviously this is the desert so I know they are an issue in some places. I specifically asked if there were any scorpions in this Complex because I have a 3 year old. I was told no and I didn't see anything in any reviews about them either so I took the risk here. I just wanted to let everyone know I found one and when there is one there is probably more.
