4	This place was pretty good.  One of those "safe bets" when it comes to pizza restaurants.  Nothing really out of the ordinary, but still much better than any chain.   Of course it's in a strip mall, hello this is Arizona remember.  Staff was friendly.  Food was good, but it ain't no Cibo!
5	Absolutely delicious and their lunch special was perfect for a man on the go. I went in, sat at the bar, and (I believe her name was Jenny) Jenny was an awesome server. She gave me my choice of any salad on the menu and a slice of heaven, I mean pizza. She even explained what it meant to be gluten free. Not that it matters to me personally, but it's intersting to know and helpful to many I'm sure. Thanks guys for the great service, awesome salad(super bomb crutons that I've been dying for), and the little bit of heaven in a pepperoni covered slice of picazzo!!
1	This is the worst pizza I've ever had. We had our children with us, so we kept it safe with a large cheese pizza and the wedge salad. Let me start with the salad. Wedge salad with bleu cheese and apple-wood smoked bacon. The ranch tasted like a gross bottled on the shelf kind of ranch. The bacon was chewy and soft and the bleu cheese was mediocre. I do have to say the large at $16 would be enough to feed at least 6 adults. As for the pizza, I know we didn't get any gourmet specialty pizzas or toppings but any place should be able to have an outstanding cheese pizza, I mean I thought this place since they are "gourmet" and all should be able to knock a cheese pizza out of the park!!! Was I ever wrong, the crust tasted bland, I mean it absolutely had NO FLAVOR at all. The sauce was sweet, some people like that, but I'm more of a savory pizza sauce type of gal. And the cheese... so disappointing! The cheese should've been amazing!! But it tasted like really, extremely, old Parmesan... the worst part of it, this 12" pizza cost $15.50 for just some plain ol' cheese on it. I would recommend Peter Piper Pizza over this place any day of the week.
3	Picazzo's is very simple. When I say simple, I mean ordinary.In all fairness to them, I did not try the pizza. But from a pasta standpoint - they used a lot of cheese on everything. Again, the salad was an italian chopped but loaded with cheese. The meal could have served two people - and it was a lunch portion!! (pasta/salad combo) So if you're looking for good portions and something to fill you up - you found your place.This used to be Pasta Pomodoro before, and the place was beat. But they've actually done some nice work to it and it's a very pleasant dining room now. Major props for that.I'd probably come back with a hungry, large group (kid friendly) if we wanted a casual meal. Otherwise, I'll pass and stick to more unique places.
2	Went to lunch with friends. One ordered 2 slices of peperoni pizza ($3.75 per slice, a bit pricey for one item slices in my mind), the other ordered the lunch special plate ($9): 1 slice of pizza (she choose cheese) with a side salad (in this case the Asian salad minus nuts). None of this was appealing to me by price or appearance. I ordered the lunch pasta plate choosing spaghetti & chicken piccata with a side salad (Cesar salad) with the drink included. My plate set me back $10.50, which is more than most people who eat lunch out during the week try to spend. Not a fan of the one item topping pizza and not gullible enough to go for the spicy Italian sausage slice at $4.25 a slice! I figured I went with my best option. Well as I said theirs did not look very appealing. The Asian salad dressing and few slivers of wantons was all that made this lettuce salad Asian. Usually that salad is a cabbage based salad. The pizza slices were not very large for the price by the way and are basically precooked and warmed over when ordered with whatever topping you select. NYPD does this a lot better and gives you more options to top your pizza off with and you can choose more than one. The spaghetti was cooked perfectly and the chicken piccata was tender and flavorful but still not outstanding and for the price was a very, very, small serving. My salad was old - ends were turning brown and it was not very crisp and the dressing thick and not so good. The small piece of bread that they rave about as homemade was dry and served without butter. I mean it was really dry! Like maybe days old dry! All this organic and gluten free food did not impress me. Glad I don't require a gluten free diet and have lived many years without organic indigents, because if this is a fine example of both I would quickly lose interest in food. Oh and that drink was also an organic juice based 10 oz soda that by itself sold for $2.50 when not a part of the lunch special. The restaurant itself sits on the corner of an unassuming strip mall. It has a small crowed patio that was full except for the 2 tables in the direct sun without umbrellas. The interior appeared clean and had a casual slightly upscale appearance but also a bit crowed by the closeness of the tables. Therefore this would not be a good place for kids.  Also they don't appear to offer desserts! And our waitress lacked personality and appeared that she would prefer to be somewhere else. So I give the place 2 stars which is generous with all things taken into account.
1	Experience all the pretension of California Pizza Kitchen with none of the service or pizza! Seriously, how snooty and obnoxious is it when the drinks section lists only an assortment of bottled waters and Italian sodas, then at the bottom in small print: "If you simply MUST have it, we also carry Cola, Lemon-Lime, and Dr. P." As though they are doing us lowly soft drink partakers a favor by sinking to our level. Yet, when pressed, they still wouldn't reveal whether their "cola" was Coke, Pespi, or something else (some of us care, yo). We only came here because we won a $50 gift card, and I would never come back. The hostess was nice, but the service ended there. Our server was snippy, looked angry the whole time, screwed up our drinks twice, then snapped at us when we tried to correct her. Our pizza was only barely cut, we mostly had to rip it apart ourselves, and the busboy kept trying to take our plates before we were done and without asking. The pizzas were vaguely interesting in theory, but not very good in practice. There were very few options in the way of regular pizza if you didn't want to try one of their many "theme" pizzas (bbq chicken pizza, pasta pizza, enchilada pizza, etc). We tried the Shrimp Scampi pizza, which was tough and undercooked, and the "Meaty Meaty" pizza, which was okay, but had about six pieces of meat on the entire large sized pizza. Overall, it was a free meal, and we left full, but it was uncomfortable, and only moderately tasty. I would certainly not come here again and pay,  given their extraordinary prices (a large and small pizza, two sodas, and a garlic bread appetizer for $52???), mediocre pizza, and lousy service. Definitely skip this place.
1	Makes the olive garden look five star. Despite their claims they most certainly are not using all fresh ingredients and the food is bland bland bland with a metric ton of garlic. The pizza is awful and overpriced. When I complained they comped me $25( which is nearly twice the price of a pizzeria bianco's pizza!) at which point I gave them another try. The lasagna was so bland, the salad was absolutety Spartan. All the way around avoid this place. You'd enjoy Italian from fuzzolis better.
4	Finally!! A Gluten-free pizza crust worth eating!  The Husband and I usually have to order 2 separate pizzas, because I refuse to eat most gluten-free crusts... they are usually crumbly with little resemblance to a "real" crust.  But, at Picazzo's, we have found a happy compromise - a seriously delicious gluten-free option.  Wow!We have tried the Meaty-Meaty (they aren't kidding - it is LOADED with all-natural, nitrate-free meats) and the Diavolo (heaven!!) pizzas.  The Italian Chopped Salad is delicious.  Keep in mind that the SMALL salad feeds 2 people easily... we watched a number of tables receive what looked like enough salad to feed a small country!  You'd probably need 8 people to finish the large salad, especially if you are also ordering a pizza.  Thanks for offering edible gluten-free items AND healthier meat options!
3	I went here with my family mid-week for dinner and my experience was a little average. The host was able to seat us as soon as we entered the restaurant, which is always good when you're hungry. The server was very nice, and the food came out promptly.The food was decent. I ordered a pizza with grilled onion, pork sausage, and basil. For 100% organic food, it was good! I enjoyed my pizza, but it wasn't anything I would rant and rave about. For dessert, we ordered the brownie, which was inedible. I NEVER send food back to the kitchen, but the server actually took it back and took it off the bill. That definitely scored them some points, because I didn't even have to ask to take it back.Overall, I would go back to try some more organic food, but not for the brownie :)
4	Great food. I love sitting at the bar. I usually get a pizza. Lots of choices and I've never had anything bad.
4	I have been here a couple of times.  The first time was during the Superbowl in 2009 and the second time last June.  The pizza is quite delicious with the organic ingredients as well as the gluten-free pizza crust.  The overall taste is clever; I mean that it is good, but for some reason my instincts do not realize it is pizza.  The concept is to far removed from the traditional pie (e.g. the toppings and combinations are unique).  I enjoyed the dining experience, but the atmosphere was somewhat drab and stuffy.  The service was mediocre.  I would round up to a four star from about a three and three quarters.
4	This is the first time we've been there since they went all organic. The menu isn't as obnoxiously large as it was before (HUGE bonus!) but the food is just as good. We tried the whole wheat crust but our taste buds didn't like it too much. I love that there are options for those who are vegans, gluten free, etc. There is pretty much something for everyone. The pizza is not bad but you definitely have to be in the mood to try something new, especially if you are new to the "foodie" world like I am. We started with the spinach/artichoke dip. Highly recommend it! It comes in an edible bread bowl with slices of pita, celery and carrots. The dip was good with all four options. There were only two servers on at the time and the place was busy! We still never waited for a refill on drinks. We will be back.
4	I really wanted to give this place 5 stars. The food was really good. My fiance and I ordered organic soda(Yum!), had a pizza with regular thick crust and the baked wings which were really great! I am excited to try more menu options. We happened to come around closing on a Thursday night, and the service was just horrible. Being a server in my past, I know people have off nights, so I will let this one slide. I plan to go back, the menu now that is organic and fresh just seems great! I am excited more restaurants in town are going in the organic, fresh direction.
4	Mmmm Organic food ... wait what!?  Yeah I can't say I know the difference in taste.  I guess my palate is not as popping as I say it is -- or maybe there's real no difference!  I can appreciate the idea.  However, the organic part just sounds better and sophisticated.  I eat organic only a-har a-har a-har.  Picazzo's Organic Kitchen is a great selling tool.  Though I can't bash their pizza, it's actually pretty good.  I love their crust is that "organic"?  Gotta get their bacon bleu cheese wedge salad -- it's a must.  Organic Bacon?  Ambience makes you feel smarter too -- or maybe I'm that already :)  Service was great, my server recommended a small since it's actually a large :)  Do "organic" food appear more hmmm... - Enjoy!
4	I am a huge fan of Picazzo's.  I don't remember what their pizza is like because it has been so long since I had it, but if there is one thing I always remember, it is their salads.  They are HUGE and awesome.  I absolutely love their wedge.  I swear the small is an entire head of lettuce.  Anyway, this Picassos seems to have the same stuff as all the rest around town and their service staff is just as helpful and friendly as the other locations.This place is great if you care about organic, gluten free, blah blah blah stuff.  I don't really care about that stuff but I guess it is a plus when I'm chowing down on a wedge the size of my head.Also, the Mama's Meat-Za Balls are just 'eh.  The meat is nitrate free so maybe that's why I didn't like them so much cuz I love me some nitrates.  They are worth a shot but this is not one of their better appetizers.Anyway, I love this place and hope to be back soon.
4	Had Pizza here last night after a long day at work, we saw the location in Sedona and then I remembered the one near our home in Phoenix.  We ordered the Chipotle Chicken  with the garlic and butter bagel crust and I got a small single Caesar salad. We were very hungry and when my salad was served I was grateful. As far as Caesar salads go this one was just OK, The pizza was very good and the crust lived up to it's name nice as a must try. My only complaint is that a large would be compared to a medium at Pizza Hut or Domino's for $24 keep that in mind if you just want some pizza. But if you want organic toppings, whole wheat crust, or gluten free crust then this is your place.
4	Let's see Chipotle Chicken....onions....yellow peppers.....cheese....cheese... and more cheese....NO TOMATO SAUCE ....which was great....jalapenos on top.....and all of that sitting on a Bagel Crust with garlic and butter. Yeah I know your hungry now......not to mention it is all organic as well. Now the bad news is that for 23 bucks for a large....it is not very large....but it is filling.....so if your looking for great tasting pizza....salad....pasta....and desert....and remember it's mostly organic.....then go to Picazzo's. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Okay, so I have to admit, I'd addicted to Picazzo's! Where else can you go when you're gluten free, living in Phoenix and absolutely LOVE, and I do mean LOVE, Italian. One mouthwatering word: Picazzo's. They get it right from the texture of the GF pizza crust to the taste to the million toppings you can concoct on it. Also, they have a plethora of other goodies such as spinach and artichoke dip, Mama's Meatballs and the perfect pesto pasta dish. The regular foods not too bad either I hear, I'll take my boyfriends word on it.
2	Service sucked. Food wasn't bad but not worth the price. Wont be going back soon
4	We've been to 3 locations - Sedona, Scottsdale & PV.  The pizza is always good and service is always great.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the overuse of garlic.  I'm not a garlic fan, but if you like it - this is the place for you.  If you are being attacked by a Vampire - head to Picazzo, you are safe here.Last time we went to the PV location they had Dogfish Head 90 on tap, which is amazing.  Pretty rare to find that on tap anywhere.  Great lunch specials also, I think it's like $7.50 for a slice of pizza, salad and drink - not bad in Scottsdale.  They also do a good job of communicating via email when they have specials.  All the locations are really nicely decorated and very upscale feeling.  Highly recommend it!
5	Wedge salad is delish! Love the fact that it's organic, as well as the fact that the pizza dough is gluten-free...sure beats having my husband sneeze for an hour, after eating "regular" pizza. I will say, the pizza is pretty good...and this is coming from a girl from Chicago!
4	Love Picazzo's! Their gluten-free pizza crust is very good..you would never know it's GF. And their GF pastas are awesome also...not mushy the way GF pastas tend to turn out a lot of the time.  The Greek salad is also one of my favorites. It's so great to be able to go to a restaurant and order anything on the menu and know it can be made GF and have lots of flavor. Servers are always very friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. Great place!
5	I'm in love with their lunch combo! I love having a delicious slice of cheese pizza and a pear gorgonzola salad, yummy! The crust is so delicious. There are also alternative crusts available like the honey wheat or the gluten-free. This location is pretty small, but they do have a patio, that is currently inaccessible due to the remodel, but I did notice heaters outside so when it is available it will be nice to sit at since the weather is cooling down. The price can seem a little much, but they only use organic products so I think its a fair trade.There is a full bar and the restaurant and bathrooms have always been clean every time I come here. Staff has always been friendly and I've never encountered a problem with food or service here. In fact, if you want a quick, delicious lunch, this is the place to go! Oh and I happened to notice they have a chocolate chip cookie skillet (aka Pizookie aka Pizza Cookie), yep, sold!
5	Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen is a gem in the many pizza locations that can be found in the Phoenix area.  Picazzo's boasts a menu which includes appetizers, salads, organic and gluten-free pastas, and of course pizza and dessert!  One cannot go wrong with any of the categories of foods Picazzo's offers, but there are certainly favorites that can be ordered upon ones first visit.  Picazzo's offers a casual yet sophisticated atmosphere upon entering their establishment.  One is greeted immediately by their hostess at the door and then you are seated promptly at one of their many tables (or the bar area if you prefer).  The atmosphere is roomy with their ample seating, and friendly upon entering.One of their best appetizers is their Mama's Meat-za Balls ($9.50).  Made with three meatballs with mozzarella, artichoke hearts, organic tomato sauce, basil, and Parmesan, it is a savory appetizer that easy starts the meal off on the right foot. One can choose from one of their many pasta dishes or their pizza creations, or even create your own creation.  If going with one of their creations, I would recommend their "Nonna's Favorite" (gluten free) ($16.50, $21.00, $25.00).  This pizza is a delicious combination of organic olive oil and garlic, Fontina and mozzarella cheeses, mushrooms, tomatoes, goat cheese, Kalamata olives, and basil. Melts right in your mouth and one can easy eat more than one expected! If even after all of this you still crave something sweet - One cannot go wrong with electing their "Classic Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie" ($7.00).  This sinful combination includes two scoops of organic vanilla bean or coconut vanilla ice cream served with your choice of organic chocolate, chocolate mint, or chocolate raspberry sauce over a fresh-baked chocolate chip cookie.  Oh wondrous dessert indeed!Picazzo's will leave you most satisfied and delighted with all that is good.  With the finest ingredients, Picazzo's takes great care in delivering the best in atmosphere and dish.  Stop by Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen today for an unforgettable meal.
5	Great Stuff.  It's hard for a diehard traveling pizza lover to often find some loveable pizza but I did here.
2	From a couple of months back.No coffee ready took quite a while because they didn't have cups clean. NO ,really.  No chipotle wings because they are out of sauce. Server walked off before wife could order. 10 plus mins to return so you can guess how this review is going to add up. Wife got angry with me because my surprise was quite audible re the cup excuse.10-15 mins to locate and clean a cup but at that point I was just hoping to get the meal over with. Maybe it's my own fault but the service kinda changed from dismissive to not quite hostile but with a degree of contempt usually found  on staff at  tow yards. If you have a gluten free family member it's really really hard to find places to go  but at near $80 bill for 3 GF pizzas, 1 app and no real drinks  it just doesn't have the service to cover  the cost for "ok" pizza.  Really not doing a food review because if you have any reason at all to eat real pizza you don't need to come here:)
2	My daughter and I had lunch here.   We had hoped to lunch at Oregano's but the place was packed so we headed over to Picazzo's.  The place was empty but nice inside.  I ordered a half spinach salad and my daughter had a small pizza, with two iced teas.  The food was good, nothing extraordinary but good.  The service was prompt but the waiter's demeanor was chilly.  I was shocked when the bill arrived...almost $60!  I can think of many other places I would prefer to dine if I want to spend that kind of money on lunch.  I will not return.
3	My wife and I used to go to the Pasta Pomodoro at this location all the time and loved it.  We were really bummed when that closed.  We thought we'd give Picazzo's a shot because the location is very convenient for us.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  The decor was pretty blah, and the pizza on the menu I felt was on the expensive side.  We both ordered pasta dishes, which were good and the portions reasonably sized.  Our waitress was friendly.  There just wasn't anything to make me really want to go back.
5	Easily the best GLUTEN FREE pizza that my family and I have had anywhere in the world. Thank you Picazzo's!
4	Definitely a fan and this restaurant will become a "regular" for us. If you need gluten free or other special dietary options - Picazzo's is great!  Having visited the restaurant at the Promenade off Frank Lloyd Wright and also the one in Sedona, I would say this was the "middle" experience.  Sedona was our best experience (could it have been all the hiking we did before going there?) and Frank Lloyd Wright was just average.At this Picazzo's on Cactus we sat on the patio next to the fire.  Had great dolmas for an appetizer, FAB Thai peanut pasta (gluten free!) and sulfite free wine.  As someone with food sensitivities this was BY FAR the best I've felt after eating out at an Italian restaurant.Definitely check out Picazzo's - they are willing to modify anything and will satisfy even the non-gluten free folks in your group.
4	Very good for any special diets! If you're vegan and gluten-free, you're out of luck on the pizzas. But have no fear! There are options for everyone - even those "Regular" people!The gluten-free crust is not vegan (egg) but I am only vegetarian for the moment. It was better than I thought a gf crust would be. The candied walnuts were shockingly good on pizza and I highly recommend trying it with any combination!I will be going again... and maybe again! and again!
4	I would definetly recommend eating here. I had the very berry salad with shrimp it was excellent. Friendly staff
3	It wasn't too bad but didn't blow my socks off.  Better than "meh" status but not by much.  Staff is great.  they bump it up from 2 to 3 stars.
5	It's a little on the pricey side but you can be assured that your meal is free of gluten and that's worth a lot in my book!  The owner of this establishment works well with the GF community to ensure his staff is trained in cross contamination.  The other thing that's great about Picazzo's is that almost everything on the menu can be made gluten free.I always get the Diavolo pizza gluten free, GF of course!  The pizza is covered with caramelized onions, red and yellow peppers.It also includes the most amazing andouille sausage and pepperoni.  I have never had a bad one!Their appetizers are good as well.  I can get great salads, cheese bread and hummus with pita that I can actually eat!  Life is good!  They even have a selection of GF desserts.  What's not to love?  This location always has pretty good service and consistently good food.  It's so nice to go out and not have to worry or explain your dietary restrictions!
2	I don't particularly enjoy spending as much on pizza as Picazzo's likes to charge. I find their pizzas tasty but small for the price. Ordered one pizza for 4 people we ended up spending about $30 and all left hungry. No thanks picazzo's maybe I'll just order pizza hut next time.
3	I went here with my 16 month old son for dinner tonight.  The food itself was quite good.  I had a Greek chicken salad that was nice and fresh and my son had the honey wheat cheese pizza kids meal.  I must confess that I ate a piece of his pizza and the crust was delicious!My complaints  had nothing to do with the food or even the promptness with which it came out.  My waitress was not friendly.  I asked her for some napkins (with a toddler) and she obliged by giving me two tiny bar napkins.  I got the feeling that she didn't want to be bothered with us because it was just me and my toddler and we weren't going to be big ticket customers.   The other complaint was that there was no changing table in the restroom so it was a real challenge to deal with that.It would have probably been a pretty good dining experience if you were someone eating without young children.
5	I just moved to this area and I was excited to find Oreganos around the corner (walking/biking) distance. We went in to get a pizza and enjoy a drink. We enjoy great bar service and then they hooked us up with their brand of Skinny Rita's. They had me at Skinny Rita's. Best pizza ever made cannot wait for cooler weather to come and sit outside.
3	We have eaten at Picazzo's a few times and have come to the conclusion it is just ok. I think if you are gf this place would be amazing as most of their dishes come as gf. So if you have jumped on the gluten free bandwagon  this place is for you.  From pizza to pastas your taste buds will be happy.  If you are a "normal" eater it is pretty good, but nothing to write home about.Service - 7Atmosphere - 5Food - 5Price - 7So check it out if you have a gf member in your party, if not head over to Oreganos for a better pizza pie!
2	Tastes like a frozen pizza. Salid was better but not great .
5	5 and 5 and 5 and again 5I am celiac, so please let me tell you how painful it is to get a pizza or pasta or anything Italian.At Picazzo you get everything you want.I got the Alfredo seafood pizza and it was just delicious.My poor BF got a pasta dish which was very light taste wise and was disappointed.But we shared a beautiful apple turnover which was amazing.Will go back for sure !!!! Just wish they were expending to Canada now.....
5	Great gluten free Italian place! Tell all you gluten free friends, they will love you for it!
4	Good experiences here! Keep up the good work, friendly staff, tasty food.. I'll be back. I like bringing people here who haven't been, it's a great place. Easy to get to and great to sit out and have a good meal while we talk for a while. Good drinks too!
4	Good food and good service.  Lunchtime the place fills up fast.  I had the italian chopped salad and had them substitute with kale (which they'll do for any salad, no charge).  Yum.  Don't get put off by all the gluten free, organic verbiage all over the menu.  The food is GOOD.  Check it out.
4	Stumbled upon this gem after a lesson at the dance studio next door. The fiance and I love trying new places and although we didn't know prior to entering that all the food here is organic and fresh, we were glad to find that out! they have 1/2 off appetizers from 3-6pm so we ordered the meat balls and stuffed peppers. Both were okay. The peppers were difficult to eat because the skin was still rough. However, the drinks were so good--he had the antioxidant cocktail and I had the sangria. Even better were the salads! I had the italian chopped salad & substituted w/kale (no upcharge) and he had the kale chopped--both very different and very good! the salad was so flavorful and fresh. We took them home and had them later that night and they were still delicious. We'll probably make this a regular stop after our lessons!
3	The husband and I almost always order the baked chicken wings (no sauce), the Greek Salad, and the Puttanesca pizza. Oh, the Puttanesca pizza... yum. We've tried a few other things, but these are definitely our favorites. The happy hour drink specials aren't anything special, but all appetizers are 50% off. There are lunch specials as well, but we really like this place as a quick dinner spot. They have a power card, so every $100 spent, you get $10 off. This is nice and can add up quickly. For an Arizona chain, this place has some good gourmet pizza.
5	I really love their gluten free pizza. They also have good wait staff although I mostly sit at the bar to watch football. The price is right for this place.
5	The Vortex... What a great Pizza. I have always loved the gourmet pizza idea and my third time having the Vortex pizza was just as good as my previous two times. I don't have a whiny reason to rate these guys lower than a 5 Star review. WA..WA..WA... I read some of the less than stellar reviewsof Picazzos and I can tell you that in my five times of eating there I have been absolutely happy evey time... Try it you'll Love it!
5	Tried the vegetable lassange and it was very good. Still love the pizza best.
2	Kinda pricey, apparently because it's organic and gluten free because it's not for taste or portion size. Service was just ok. I don't know, I know people that like it so maybe I'll give it another try. But I know of plenty of really good pizza places so I don't know when.
4	Finally, a restaurant that offers the option of whole grain pizza crust!! Yeah!! This place re-invented itself several years ago and now emphasizes their organic, gluten-free, etc. offerings. But, you don't have to be a 'health nut' or have health issues to enjoy this place. The atmosphere is nice, the staff friendly, and overall, the food is good and always very fresh. This visit we decided to create our own Neapolitan pizza - a fun way to try different ingredients together - like artichoke hearts and sausage. It was actually pretty good! Our waiter was a bit pushy at first as we took our time deciding on what wine to order, but once that was settled, he only checked in periodically to make sure everything was OK. Nice little place - we'll return.
2	If this decision was based upon the food alone I would easily give this place 4 stars, but the service staff was horrible.When we walked in the door there was no real host and the lady that sat us clearly did not want to be there. She was abrupt when she sat us and did not make us feel welcome.The waitress was prompt in taking our drink orders but we waited 20 minutes for our food order to be taken and that only happened when I told another server (not our own) that we were ready to order. Unfortunately, the person that took our order was not our waitress but the disgruntled employee that sat us when we came in to the restaurant. Also, let me say that the poor service wasnt a product of a full restaurant or a staff that was spread thin. There were easily 4-5 wait staff and another 4-5 support staff in the restaurant.Once our food arrived we were pleasantly surprised with the taste based upon the service that preceded it. I had the mushroom rotelli pasta with chicken added and it was very good. I heard nothing but good comment from the entire table on the food, but the extremely poor service is what gives this location terrible marks. Hopefully, it was just a bad night for the staff because I would like to go back for the pasta but I havent decided if I will take that step and return.
3	I went here the last time I was in Phoenix and it really wasn't that great.  The gluten free pizza crust was fantastic, but that was the only fantastic thing about the place.  I had the gluten free pizza with figs and balsamic, but the figs were dried figs so they were far too sweet.  Also, the bathroom sink was full of mildew, which I find bizarre.  Just have a bottle of water and bleach mixture and spray it on the inside of the sink - there is no reason for mildew.  To top off our experience, out waitress was constantly MIA, and didn't bring us utensils.  This place has a lot of potential to be great though, and I will probably try to go back for the gluten free pasta, just to try it.
4	Gluten-free, vegetarian, or you just like good food this is a fantastic lunch spot with great prices for the quality and great service.
2	Not impressed. Side dining room was hidden and narrow, artwork was nice. place needs a facelift. Waitress was not knowledgeable nor very well trained. Pizza was ok but average ( was at CIBO recently) and if you compared to them there is no comparison. If you like average this is your place.
4	This was my first time at Picazzo's. I have passed this place over a hundred times! I finally got to go in a try it and was not disappointed. I got the lunch special which is about 13 dollars, a little pricey, but your getting the best and local ingredients. I absolutely loved their kale salad, sooooo freaking good! I also got a slice of pizza with it, which was just as good. The lunch special comes with a drink too!
2	I gave the two stars for the food-it's pretty good for being gluten free. HOWEVER, the service? Awful. The hostess was nice, but that's about it. We aren't quite sure who our sever was...it started out with one obnoxious girl who barley paid attention to us when she took our drink order...she kept looking everywhere but at us, it was super awkward. To top that, I asked her a question and she was so busy not paying attention that I had to say "excuse me" twice to get her attention while she was standing at our table with her pen and notepad out!! Luckily my boyfriend and I can laugh about this stuff. After she took our drink order, another waiter came about 20 minutes later to take our order. We ordered chicken wings as an appetizer and a pizza to share. We waited and waited. And waited. Drank our drinks...waited. It took about 30 minutes for the chicken wings to come out, the pizza came out a minute after that. So, we had each eaten about 2 wings and just as I took one slice of pizza off the platter, our waiter comes over and asks "do you guys need a box for all that?" It caught me off guard for a second...really? We just started eating. I sad no thanks and went on...10 minutes later "can I clear your plates guys?" about 5 minutes after that "you all finished?" He kept lurking around our table, I could see him continuously looking at us... I almost asked him if he could just let us eat our pizza in PEACE but I'm too nice for that. Anyways, our bill came out to $40 (not including tip) and our original waitress brought it to us then took about 20 minutes to pick it up. Needless to say it was the slowest, most obnoxious dinners I have ever had and I will not be returning any time soon.
1	Will never be returning to Picazzos! My pizza had a hair in it and the mushrooms tasted slimy. The service was even worse! I wish they had better food because I live very close by. It seems like I'm not the only person who had bad service maybe they need to look at these reviews...
5	My boyfriend and I go to this establishment at least twice a month and its our favorite restaurant. We ask to sit in Taylor's section every time. Not only is she the best server I've come across but the entire staff is great And makes our experience all the better. I wish they would bring back their salon pea pasta but all their food is amazing. Favorite restaurant and have never had a bad experience.
3	Butternut squash raviolis were awesome, but the pizza I got for my wife and I to share was not great...
5	Fantastic menu.  I need a low salt dinner and they had the information readily available. I picked out the eggplant.
1	Severely overpriced.  Marginal service.  Food is fine - not great.
5	I love that this restaurant offers delicious organic food!  We are trying to eliminate GMO's out of our family's diet, and wanted to order pizza last night.  I thought we were going to be out of luck, but I was so happy to see that there is a pizza place like Picazzo's out there.   Way to go Picazzos!  Our pesto chicken spinach artichoke pizza was awesome, and chemical free!  Woo hoo.  If only they delivered, we'd order from them once a week!  I used the delicious deliveries service, but you know that always ads an extra cost.  We will definitely be regulars anyway.  It would be great to see more and more restaurants follow in Picazzo's organic footprints.
4	I came here with my good pal who has a gluten allergy and spoke highly of the food. The exterior threw me a bit as it looked a little cheesy (no pun) and generic.  I found the dining room ambiance drab and in need of a face lift. However, just 10 feet away lies a lovely and warm patio equipped with a fire pit and several tables. Pasta had my eye on this night, with which there was an array of diverse options. All the pasta's we ordered were magnificent. I will definitely be back to try some of the other dishes. The weight staff was very friendly and prompt as well. Kudos Picazzo's!
4	Excellent food, especially enjoy the organic options!  I do wish the kale salad came in a petite version that was cheaper. One can eat in a high end restaurant for the price of a salad with lunch here. I lived in Sedona when this chain began, and think the quality has been maintained.
5	We have been going to the paradise valley Picazzo's since it opened and it is one of my favorite places for lunch or dinner, any day.  The salads are exceptional, and the pasta (especially the mushroom!) and pizzas are wonderful.  I like the fact that it is organic, and that you can pretty much design what you want.  The servers (with one remote and fortunately gone exception) are very responsive.  This place is successful for good reason.  I hope it remains open for a long, long time.
4	I don't think I realized the vast gluten free options here.  WOW.  Very comfy, casual restaurant, not fussy.  GREAT salad - I had the one with greens, apples, walnuts, avocado and this insanely good fig balsamic vinegar dressing.  My cousin had a grilled chicken Caesar and she didn't leave a spec!  Next time, gluten free pasta dish!
2	Great, a restaurant that serves organic and gluten free!  But wait.  Sat at the bar, ordered an organic salad.  Came with mixed greens, a small cucumber, some shredded carrots and every other "add on" was minuscule.  The dressing was supposed to be olive oil, garlic and lemon juice.  No lemon taste what so ever.  Just garlic.  Like "burn your mouth" garlic.  AND the mixed greens had several "old and bad" sections that I had to pull out.  Shouldn't the cook have done this before he served it if the greens weren't fresh?  Bottom line, expensive ($15 with tax and tip) and not huge portions of the organic veggies.  I could have bought a bag of organic greens at Trader Joes for 3 bucks and had the same thing!
4	One of our favorite organic restaurants to eat at. The food and our server Melanie was excellent. Their pizza and pasta dishes are very good. I would recommend this restaurant to friends.
4	I just moved back to area and had a wonderful dinner with a friend from ca who is not into chain restaurants. They do have limited seating I think it adds to the charm. They offer a wide variety of wine and OMG the pasta is to die for my friend had Thai pasta that was amazing as well. We had great and thoughtful service I will be back for sure !!
4	Being gluten free, Picazzo's is a gem of restaurant for me.  They have a huge selection of gf items ranging from salads, pasta dishes, & pizza to desserts.  The food is always wonderful (especially the gf pizza cookie!), and most of the servers are very friendly and seem to enjoy their job.   The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is that they are a little bit pricey, however this a fabulous establishment and definitely a wonderful 2-3 times a month treat!
2	Ugh, I always feel terrible writing a bad review, but sometimes it can't be helped...  The upshot is that the food was bland and dry, and the prices for pizza were super steep.  The food did look nice. Our experience: terrible, expensive food.I heard good things about this place years ago, so we decided to meet friends there.  We arrived for Happy Hour, so the appetizers were half price and drinks were $1 off.  My "Bruschetta" was a rather dry flatbread, with a bland crust (maybe not bad for gluten free?), and toppings that weren't evenly spread out, so you got clumps of a lot on some pieces and not much on others.  The Brie was nice - a large portion with roasted garlic, fruit and sub-par bread.The real problem came with the pizzas, which were incredibly overpriced for the size, even if they had been tasty.  My husband's pizza ("super healthy wheat crust", dates, red pears) was the smallest medium I've seen, and my small was truly a one-person pizza (mushrooms and vine-ripened tomatoes). With two toppings each (and free arugula), we managed to pay nearly $40 for a small and medium create-your-own!  The worst part was that the pizzas tasted incredibly bland.  I frequently order very healthy food- that's no excuse for flavorless results.  The organic tomato sauce was wet (but otherwise tasteless), making for a soggy pizza.  The fresh mozzarella didn't have the wonderfull taste and consistency that the name implies.  Even my mushroom and tomato toppings lacked flavor - how is that even accomplished? The place was ok-looking and had nice service (aside from the male host who used the ladies restroom and left it dirty).  Our friends seemed to like their Caprese salad, Mushroom cap and Squash Ravioli with Pesto, so maybe our mistake was ordering anything with a crust.  I won't be going back to find out!
3	Great concept, they still have a ways to go on the taste though, both our main entrees were pretty bland. I loved sitting on the patio it was cool but they had the warmers on & it was nice.  It also took an unusually long time to get our food and when we got the appetizer ( bruschetta ) it was burned! I'd really like to see this place do well.
4	our first visit. we've heard good things about picazzo's due to their "healthy" and flair for organic food. service was fast and very good. happy hour offers half off appetizers and 1 dollar off drinks. i had a stuffed portabello mushroom cap. it was full of flavor and had a nice texture, not overcooked. my entree was the butternut squash ravioli with sundried tomatoes. i was impressed. full of flavor and spot on with the acidity and saltiness. my wife had the caprese salad and was quite happy with her choice. our dining friends weren't as impressed with their pizza's and flatbreads. they did order a baked brie which on a small sample tasted, was very good.
1	Wow this place sucks. My wife and daughter and I dined there on Saturday night and the service and food were both terrible. I truly despise negative reviews but this was so bad I can't help but share my experience. We sat down around 630 and requested a patio table for some reason we were told they didn't have any patio tables available. We were sat on the dining room and immediately noticed they had two tables available outside,  weird I know. So we asked to move outside which seemed complicated because of a fire hazard??? (Oh and we couldn't bring crayons for our 3 year old outside because they will melt in the 70 degree weather??? Also wierd.)        So we were greeted sort of by our server promptly by asking us if we were ready? We ordered drinks and told him we needed a couple minutes in which he responded by just walking away. I don't feel like I have high expectations but I do expect some level of hospitality when dining at a full service establishment. At no point did our server mention anything about the restaurant, specials, suggestively sell, ask us if we had any questions, or even say hello. After he brought the drinks which were delicious and the tastiest part of the evening, (canned sodas) we ordered our daughters mac n cheese and an artichoke appetizer.       Yikes!!! We waited a half an hour for the stuffed artichoke which was so bland and uninspired it was inedible. My daughters mac n cheese never came, we ordered a bruchetta that was served on undercooked chewy wierd flatbread, the concept sounded great but unfortunately the dish fell flat, it was flabby and one dimensional. The manager came by and although she made an effort no apologies were given. She took the artichoke which we didn't eat was taken off the bill obviously but no one said hey were sorry you had to wait or that your daughter didn't get to eat. Long story short picazzos was one of the first places I dined with my wife and I wish that was the last. I guess I should have never returned but I know now I won't ever be back.
5	Love, love this place.  I have Gluten free friend that has minimal places to go so we are here a lot but it's never boring.  Always plenty of options and love the slice of the week lunch specials!  They are great!
1	I'm not going to make this long but this place is bad.  I don't know how old the waitress was but she was more concerned with talking with someone at another table than doing her job.  There were only 3 tables being used with my wife and I at one of them so there are no excuses.  The food did not taste very good at all.  After a couple of bites we paid our bill, left no tip, did not ask for a box to take home and went somewhere else.
4	First off, we have Celiac in the family so GLUTEN FREE is super important to us! We have given up on many restaurants and have found that we end up being the best educators as to this underdiagnosed condition. That being said...It's nice to go somewhere where the whole menu is available to my Celiac son.On our visit, I had the shrimp scampi which was perfectly delicious although could have used more shrimp for my seafood loving self. Both of my kids had the kids spaghetti with no meatball and enjoyed it. All gluten-free, I might add. For kids, they have coloring sheets, crayons and kids meals. Really, what more can u ask for? BTW, their chocolate milk is really good, but big. Go there, if u dare.I recommend for GF or Celiacs. Haven't had any issues so far. Service was a little slow, but I could hear they were training new servers. Not a bad thing.
3	I wanted to love this place but I have to say I was not really a fan of the pizza, namely the crust.  The toppings and sauce were fabulous and fresh like you would expect from an 'organic' restaurant.  I had the half Meaty-Meaty and half Vortex.  The meats on the Meaty-Meaty were fabulous!  I swapped the Italian sausage for andouille sausage (spicy sausage), but I am sure both options are great.  The vegetables on the Vortex side were just sliced in long strips and not diced, which makes eating it without dropping pizza everywhere or having stuff hanging out of your mouth quite the task.  I had the regular crust and I know this place strives to be 'healthy' and 'organic', but their crust does just not compare to many other great pizza places.  I know many people rave about their gluten-free crust; maybe it is 'good for gluten-free', but their crust compared to outstanding pizza in general... it does not even come close!  My server was great and very educated on the menu and answered all my silly questions.  I do plan on coming back; Picazzo's is quaint with good service.    I definitely plan to come check out happy hour and try many other things that are not pizza on the menu!
2	WORST. SERVICE. EVER.  Today was my first visit to Picazzo's.  i was SO excited, because the restaurant offers a full gluten-free menu, including pizzas, pasta dishes, salads, and even appetizers -- almost all of which are either gluten-free or can be made gluten-free.  I don't get to to out to restaurants much and it is such a treat to find a place that has good food that I can eat.  I was SO excited to go here.  My husband, our young daughter, and I arrived about 11:30 on a Sunday for lunch.  There were 2-3 other tables full in the restaurant-- they were by no means busy.  Everything was fine until our server arrived -- and I use 'server' lightly, because there was nothing service-oriented about him.  I think his name was Andrew -- and only because at the end, while we were sitting waiting for him to notice that he still had customers and bring us the check and some boxes, a friendly female server came, brought us boxes, and said, "I'll send Andrew over with the check."  He did not introduce himself.  He answered every question we asked about the menu with a single word that conveyed complete and utter boredom.  My daughter asked if he was "mad at her" (!!!!!!)  He was uninterested and so unfriendly that he was just flat-out rude.  He seriously did not smile one time.  They do not list the types of sodas on the menu, so we asked, "what sodas do you have?"  He looked at us for a few seconds, and then said with disdain, "Coke."  That was it.  The ENTIRE MEAL proceeded like this.  It was laughably bad service -- were we on camera?  It also pretty much ruined what was otherwise a fine meal.  "Andrew" was so amazingly unfriendly and unhelpful that I sat for about 10 minutes debating asking for the manager and requesting another server -- because this was a somewhat special occasion for us and to have it ruined by a guy who obviously didn't respect us, the restaurant, or his own job was just wrong.  In the end, it was easier not to make a fuss -- but make no mistake, I have no desire to EVER go back to this restaurant again, largely because of him.  HE HAS NO BUSINESS WORKING WITH CUSTOMERS.  The woman who helped us at the end was very friendly, and I am going to try to make myself go back to Picazzo's and just make absolutely sure that I never deal with him again.  Because the food was great and frankly, I don't have a lot of gluten-free places to eat at.  We had the bruschetta appetizer -- gluten-free and delicious.  My husband had the chipotle chicken pasta, which he liked a lot (and he doesn't have to eat gluten-free).  My daughter had the mac & cheese, which was a gluten-free fusilli with alfredo sauce -- very tasty.  I'd order that with some chicken on it any day.  They should sell it on the adult menu.  I had a gluten-free pepperoni pizza (with the raised edge crust) that was delicious -- the best pizza I've had in the 10 months I've had to eat wheat-free.  The food is a little pricey -- but they are making gluten-free food, with non-GMO ingredients -- to me it's worth the extra cost.  I do wish they had a few 'classics' on the menu.  It's hard to get those comfort foods in a restaurant when you eat gluten-free -- a straight-up fetuccine alfredo, spaghetti and meatballs, etc.  A ravioli dish with just tomato sauce and mozzarella baked over it.  What I would do for a good plate of gluten-free ravioli with tomato sauce.  Anyway.  No one asked us if we wanted desert -- and I did.  But we didn't really have a server, so Picazzo's missed out on our money there. "Andrew" literally handed us our check, took our money, and handed it back to us without saying a word or making eye contact.  It was just insane.  I can't believe anyone watching him would think it was appropriate to have him working with guests.  The entire experience -- which was supposed to be a celebration of our daughter's completing 3rd grade and a special treat for me (getting to eat in a restaurant!!!) -- was uncomfortable, a negative experience, and such a huge let down.  What an unnecessary disappointment.
1	Just got a comment from Rob W. who works for Picasso ' s I guess? I usually don't care enough to respond but for some reason his comments struck a cord for me.     Rob, "explaining" to any customer about an inconvenience regarding a poor experience is pointless and comes across as if you lack any compassion. Guest perception is reality in this business as I'm sure you know. I don't like to plug the fact that I am in the restaurant business because who cares, but I feel the need to share with you my side of things.     In regards to the fire hazards in your restaurant you should stand proud in your staff being diligent about compliance.  However,  let's not embelish, the main side of your patio was over crowded with a large party which was far more hazardous than the 8 foot wide space to walk past our table once we were seated at the converted 2 top. Also by no means we're we in any way compromising safety of our family or anyone else in the restaurant. Remember it's 74 degrees outside and 6 o'clock on a Friday in April in Scottsdale, if you have the space available accommodate your guests. Don't excuse your oversight with a fire regulation it comes across a bit insulting.    In regards to the crayon policy no big deal there , it was just wierd and awkward to be given crayons to my 3 year old daughter which is a nice touch but then have them taken away. Once again it was 74 degrees outside and the sun was setting I'm certain there wasn't going to be an issue with melting. It's not my place and I really don't care about the crayons but because we were put off by the situation maybe you could educate your staff on when it might be appropriate to offer crayons on the patio. Take into consideration of outdoor temperature and follow through with proper cleaning after the guests leave you might be able to avoid the melted crayon problems.  Really though I dont care about the crayons it was just an uncomfortable experience for us.     Lastly Rob, owning your mistakes and learning from them are some of the most valuable lessons we have in this business.  I urge you to avoid standing behind arbitrary rules and instead treat situations with a little more common sense. Take note that your restaurant's food that night was subpar (which we didnt even get all the food we ordered) and should be addressed. No one ever in that moment acted as if they cared, and we left hungry and terrribly unsatisfied.    Again I'm not sure why I'm going at lengths to share this with you. Maybe it's because I love hospitality. Anyway I'm done with picassos but I maybe i can leave you with sime advice. Allow the customer to be comfortable,  be hospitable and genuine,  serve good food that you have tasted and when you make a mistake own it. Empathy goes a long way in this business.  I hope this comment serves you well.Good luck...
5	Really great.  All gluten free (except the beer) I think.  Happy hour was 50% off all apps and dollar off drinks entire restaurant not just the bar.  Meat balls with artichokes and the wings were great.  Caprese salad was great.  A few vegan options too.  I'm a meat eater with a gf wife so awesome place for me!
5	Let me start off by saying this restaurant has one of the best staffs in terms of quality service I have ever seen. My servers name was Mark and not only did he steer me in a good direction for food selection but he was also funny ,smart and genuine. I came here for a Saturday lunch with a friend  to try out because a friend told me they can cater to my dietary needs. Just starting on a diet recommended to me by my doctor I sat down in a bar table and was greeted promptly. After introduction and receiving my  delicious lemonade ,Mark looking at my face obviously saw the confusion of me trying to read the menu and make a decision. He asked what questions I had and how  he could be of help to me. I told him the diet I was on and he replied that he reads about nutrition outside of work and knows exactly what I could eat. Wow.. A server who genuinely cares about their job and what they are serving. He told me not to even stress about it and gave me a couple suggestions from which I made my picks. The food came out and Mark told me to enjoy and that he will be back in a minute to ensure I liked my entree.  It was delicious. When he returned to check on us he didn't even ask me he just said your welcome and proceeded to chat and joke around with us. I myself like when someone is confident in their ability to please a guest and his joking demeanor was even better. It made me feel welcome from the second we walked in the door. The rest of the staff a woman waitress and a male busboy were equally engaging their tables with conversation and it just felt like everyone who entered the restaurant were family to this group of wait staff. I myself have never seen a busboy talking to customers and making them feel welcome. It's refreshing to see young people who actually care. Thank you for the stellar experience and the good fresh food, I will return and also tell my friends.
5	I love Friday nights and having Andrew, our favorite server make the night great!! We never have to tell him what we want because he is ready and knows what we order all the time.  He is very attentive to our children too (5 and 7 year old boys).  His sense of humor is also a plus to our meal.  We've been going to Picazzo's for 5 years now!  The staff is very friendly and the food is incredible. Love the new vegan options.
3	This is a good place for salads.  I eat here probably 4 out of 5 times a week, and always order the heart healthy gourmet salad with chicken added.  It's pretty perfect.  I wouldn't order the full salad - just do half, as the proportions of lettuce to the "good stuff" (avocados, walnuts, apples, etc.) gets unbalanced and then there is just too much lettuce.  And nobody wants to be munching on just lettuce all day . . .
5	My girlfriend and I go here all the time. We love the gluten free pasta and pizza options. The food is really good; you wouldn't know you're eating gluten free pasta. They also have a decent beer/wine selection
5	I enjoy coming back to this restaurant time and time again. As a Health & Wellness Coach this is a great place to find gluten free fare with organic ingredients!   I suggest Picazzo's to all my clients including my Olympic Athlete!
5	I'm a fan of both of these locations. It is my special stop for gluten-free pizza pickup. Many healthy allergy-friendly food solutions. The salads are also delicious! The staff is courteous and the place is always buzzing lunch and dinner time.
3	We stopped in for lunch the other day  Service was good in the beginning and then just went nonexistent We had at least 4 different servers taking care of us, by taking care I mean filling our water cups every 5 minutes, even when our glasses were still full... As far as the location, this particular seems to have a ton of regulars, which is cool... But each and every server/bartender was carrying on loud conversations with their regulars to be heard by everyone in the restaurant... We ordered the Duncan Farms Organic salad and it was a good size for two people but it was very bland...The greens were not my favorite and the dressing was just as plain... Our pizza took about 20-30 minutes to arrive and once it did, it was a bit small... We chose the Naples Margherita The medium pizza was devoured in less than 7 minutes... I did like the pizza as it had good flavor and tasted "healthy" and organic... I also didn't agree with the size/price for it though...I was still hungry while we left the restaurant... I would like to give Picazzo's a nothing try in the future...
3	The pizza is delicious! We tried a few different ones and each were excellent and worth ordering again. However, they were severely overpriced - almost $20 for a small! I would have been fine paying that had the ambiance been more upscale. The ambiance feels similar to a low to mid scale family restaurant. Additionally, our server was acceptable but for the price we were paying it would have been nice to have some higher quality service. This place feels like any other family restaurant but the food is a much higher quality! The food is also overpriced. Go for the pizza (not for the ambiance)
4	I'll be honest love your food. Being gluten-free and knowing I'm not limited! Awesome! Your service isn't my fav but tonight I dined alone at the bar and was very pleased.  Great service! Don't know his name but know I'll be at the bar next time for sure!
5	Love, love, love, love, LOVE this place. I am extremely biased though - I love wine and I'm a vegetarian. This is a great place to go for the whole family. I actually feel like I can fit in when I order buffalo wings because they're *drumroll* tofu! Of course - the carnivores in the family can indulge in regular meaty chicken wings. Their pizzas are fantastic, appetizers are good - I would go here once a week if it was closer!
4	I love this place!  Food and atmosphere is great...especially when it's cooler outside and you can eat on the patio.  I love that they serve healthy, organic food.  Their lunch specials are very reasonable, but dinner can quickly get costly.  The downside is the service can be slow and sometimes it feels like they are understaffed. However, even with the shortcomings the quality and taste of food is great.
4	Great option for pizza, pasta, and salads if you're gluten-free, or even if you're not. The sides were especially good with the garlicky spinach and curry cauliflower being favorites. But best of all the was the excellent service. Our server, Andrew, was extremely attentive and personable. He made the night!
1	I've frequented both this location on Cactus, as well as the on on Scottsdale and Frank Lloyd Wright (Bell) since they both opened. Truth be told,  I've always preferred the Scottsdale location, and while the menu is the same, I've noticed the Scottsdale location was faster and more consistent in their food.  I'll NEVER set foot in here (Cactus) again, and here's why:  October 22, 2014, I went here with my 7 year old and my Mom. We arrived at 12:40, and by 12:45 we ordered. We watched another table get their food (who arrived after us), and so I asked what was the delay. The waiter said he'd "go and check on it", and by 1:20 we still didn't have our food, or an explanation.  (Keep in mind, the lunch rush was pretty much over that day,  as I counted two tables on the patio, and perhaps two more inside with customers still eating.) So, here I am with a hungry 7 year old and mother who's diabetic, and NEVER expecting to be waiting over 45 minutes at this point for food.   Ok. Things happen. Orders sometimes aren't entered in, I GET that.  I assumed someone either forgot to put in our order, or someone forgot to cook it, so I asked for some bread.  An easy request for an italian restaurant (or any restaurant for that matter). The waiter disappeared, and 10 minutes later, still no bread. I asked where it could be, and he said they needed to BAKE some.  What was inexcusable was that he was completely indifferent, not interested in correcting the terrible service, and the manager who came over was equally inept and unapologetic. My kid is awesome and patient, and so is my Mom.  I worked in restaurants many years of my life, and so I think I'm more forgiving than most but this was it.  We got up, walked out, and went over to Oregeno's across the street and proceeded to get top-rated service and food from these guys.  The reason Yelp is fabulous is you can have a head's up on what to expect at businesses. Just know what to expect here.
2	Overpriced, tasteless food. expensive salads and then they nickel and dime you for extra toppings- not just meat but also avocados, figs, etc. The red lentil soup was somehow spicy and flavorless all at the same time. The waitress who brought out our food slammed each plate loudly in front of us. Overall unimpressed and will not be back.
3	I got take out from here and did one of the make-your-own-pizza options. I got the new spicy thai red curry sauce with vegetables. Overall, the pizza was quite good. My main complaint is that I find that the cost for each pizza is very high considering the food that we received.
5	I've been here a few times, but I don't think I really gave the place a chance until tonight. I've only come by for happy hour, to split a salad, or a pizza. Tonight I tried the baked brie app as well as the artichoke dip--both were fabulous! Tonight (Sat) was half priced bottles of wine so obviously we had to get on board with that-the pinot noir we ordered was great and not expensive...a happy medium! For dinner, I really enjoyed a Thai lasagna (yes, Thai) and it was incredible! Oh and gluten free if you are like me and try to go that route. Hubs had the Thai spaghetti and meatballs and he is hard to impress but it must have been perfect because he LOVED it! My aunt had a gf pizza that I tried a bit of and was good and my uncle had something that I don't recall specifics of but he seemed to enjoy enough to not have leftovers. Service was great; pleasant and quick and I I feel like if you come here for a full, nice dinner, you will leave very happy!
5	Love this place! they completely redid the menu since the last time I was here and it was awesome! They have more vegan options! the lentil soup and kale salad were delicious! I have been here before and will be back :)
