1	There were 4 people working and I was the 4th customer (1 sales associate was free to help).  I waited 37 min for anyone to say "hello we will be right with you". Customer service at this particular store is NON-EXISTENT!!!!!!  Make the drive and go somewhere else!!!!!!
3	The only reason I am giving this 3 stars and not 1 is because most of the time they have done a great job and helped us out, but the last time I went I had a horrible experience. I went in because my phone battery was clearly on the fritz and so was my phone. So to fix it, we needed to do a factory reset. I specifically came into the store, because I figured they would be knowledgeable enough to not delete all my videos and photos. So I tell the employee my concern as I had important family pictures and videos on there and he said it wasn't a problem he would just back them up to my SD card and take it out. Well, turns out it was a problem because he deleted 90% of my photos and videos. He made the assumption that all my pictures and videos were in the same folder. I had many pictures in separate albums I had renamed and he didn't bother to ask that before deleting everything. I will never get those pictures of my infant son back. I will never again see the pictures from our last trip to Disneyland. The videos that were lost were priceless. I cried when I discovered they were lost. I will be very hesitant to return to this location in the future and will conduct factory resets in the comfort of my own home where I know I can back up the photos just in case.
3	This TMobile is by the San Tan Shops and I find myself at this location often as it is in my area and close to a lot of stores I shop at.  It is always clean and well stocked.  They carry all the same products that all other locations sell.  My main complaint is the customer service.   Everyone is always friendly and you do get greeted when you walk in the door, but the greeting is typically, "Hello, someone will be right with you".   Even if there is only one other customer here, it always takes forever to get help and sometimes I have just a simple question regarding my account that may only take a minute or two to assist me with.  Maybe some training on how to help more than one customer at a time would be good?  I have also been there waiting, for what seems like a very long time, to find another employee walk out of the back, say hi, and then disappear to the back room again.  I realize people need breaks etc. but then maybe this location needs more employees?  not sure what the answer is, but I now find myself driving to another location just to avoid the frustration.  I went to the location on Alma School and Queen Creek and had a terrific experience!
