4	Armstrong Animal Clinic has been my primary veterinarian for the past 5 years or so. They have reasonable pricing for shots and vaccinations. My 2 cats and dog come here once a year for their annual check up visit, and rabies boosters, etc.The staff here are so sweet! My pets are greeted with so much love and affection. Doctors, nurses, and assistants are all patient and caring. You can tell everyone here has a genuine compassion for all animals.However, Armstrong is not the ideal place for complicated issues and they are not 24/7. But, when my cat was recently diagnosed with complicated internal issues, Dr. Charles B. Williston,spoke with me several times on the phone to provide honest concern, suggestions, and recommendations. He was open and told me that my cat's complications were beyond his expertise and recommended a nearby specialist, whose opinion and skill he trusted. This meant a lot to be, especially since our conversations were off the clock and he didn't make any money off the situation.
5	We recently took our new puppy to Armstrong for her first checkup and loved the experience. The nurses had reviewed our information before meeting with us, which was very helpful. The same for the vet who saw us, Jane. Each person seemed genuinely interested in our puppy and what we were experiencing. You can tell when someone is pretending to be interested -- and this was no act. We were very impressed that they were the first to bring up after hours care recommendations and explained the nearby options. We think Armstrong is a trustworthy clinic and recommend a visit.
5	I took my cat to Armstrong to be put to sleep due to a abscess that had burst and the apparent infection. She is 14 and had appeared to lose her will to live. When Dr. Ryan examined her, Sable wouldn't stop purring for her to check her heart. Dr. Ryan said she could fix the abscess and that Sable was in remarkably good condition for her age. I told her that money was a concern as I had been not working much in the last month. They worked out a reduced rate for the surgery and Dr. Ryan took great care of my sweet girl. They did the surgery and let me take her home at the end of the day. Sable has been recovering wonderfully and seems to have found a new reason to live. Dr. Ryan saw the pain on my face when I initially brought Sable in to be euthanized and helped me to be able to give my sweet cat more time with us. I am deeply indebted to Dr. Ryan and Armstrong animal hospital. Sable has had a rough life. She had heart surgery when she was 4 months old when she was diagnosed with PRAA. Then two years ago, she had her left rear leg amputated due to a tumor on her foot. Through all that she has maintained her sweet personality. Thank you Dr. Ryan and Armstrong for giving us more time with Sable.
4	Have been going here for 6-7 years and really like this vet.  The Williston's are genuinely concerned about our kitty and I never get the feeling that they are recommending services just to make an extra buck.  Our kitty is now a senior citizen and meows all the time, they have spent ample time discussing this with us in an honest effort to help Kitty feel more happy and peaceful. Some things have worked and some not, but they are willing to just keep trying.  That's really nice.
