2	Went to this Fest today and admission is $12. There were 2 tiny stages where live entertainment was scheduled. There was a food truck, a catered "Brazilian" meal stand and some Lebanese food(???). The booths were boring and mainly were hawking insurance or travel or sports. There weren't any booths offering anything to do with Brazil. There were streamers in yellow and green and that was the extent of the decorations. The schedules were preprinted which was good...but it's not like there was anything to do other than eat, drink or watch the stage. And it was very hot outside. The portion that was supposed to be $8 of Brazilian food was small and cold. And there was only one line to order and one line to pick up. Seems like if this is the 5th annual event, there would be more attention to details. It was even hot inside the building and I really don't know what Jui jitsu has to do with Brazil. That country has such a rich culture, history and importance to the ecosystems of the world and all that was wasted at this "festival." The good? Public parking was free.
5	I had a blast. It was hot out...like really hot but the entertainment was awesome. I brought my two kids and they were able to do multiple workshops. They tried the musical instruments and capoeira.  They did some cool art projects and got schooled on the Jaguars of the Amazon. They got their faces painted too. While we were outside they played like crazy in the grassy fields while I enjoyed listening to the bands and watched to dancers. Now the dancers.....TOP NOTCH!!!!! The best dancers that I have seen thus far! I liked how the DJ kept the party going while the bands/dancers switched out. The food choices were really cool. I like how it wasn't your "typical" selection of food. My kids enjoyed the snow cones while I enjoyed the Brazilian drink they were serving. The heat was the only con. But it was nice to be able to go inside to cool off and still have things to do, watch or participate in. I got a really cool phone case and a flag at one of the booths. It had all kinds of Brazilian merchandise.  I hope to go back next year for sure.
