5	These folks are really nice and accomodating. This is one of many different locations and I must say I get the same amount of attention and hospitality at the various locations I have been in. Cancer is never a pleasant thing but these guys try to make you feel comfortable as much as possible.
4	Very nice, knowledgeable staff.They do their best to get you in an out with complimentary bev, snacks, books, magazine, even a personal dvd player just in case your stay is longer than you want. :)
5	When you have a serious health problem, people tell you to concentrate on just getting well. However, the reality is that there are appointments and insurance and bills and work and bills.  The staff at CCC has been caring, knowledgeable, and  very concerned with every aspect of my well being. They have made the physical and financial aspects so much easier.  Let's just start with how quickly they return phone calls. I so appreciate that!  I was assigned a financial counselor who explained everything,  no matter how many times I asked. They completed forms for work within a day, without charge, and with all the details my employer needed. This office is that very important mix of competent and caring.  They have definitely impacted my healing in a positive way.
5	Dr. Obara and his staff (Katie, Debbie, and Ellen) are beyond fantastic.  They have made the worst time in our lives much easier to deal with.  To say they are devoted to their patients doesn't do them justice.  The level of care at CCCN goes beyond devotion.  From the front desk to the chemo nurses, everyone has been so great.  Can't recommend this facility enough.
4	This office is really busy.  There is some waiting in regular basis. They provide several puzzles to pass the time and keep your mind busy while waiting. Please refrain from wearing perfume as s courtesy to those going through chemotherapy. Some magazines,  freebie kind, I suggest bringing your own reading materials. Dr Gregory Obara is great.  Completely thorough. Will post sgain a after conclusion of treatment.
2	My daughter was moved to this facility after going to the Children's Cancer Center for over 10 years.  Her experience has been so sad, first time two months ago for her first IVIG treatment there:  We always have someone go with her, we were told no seats for any visitors and we were to wait for 5 hours in the lobby.  Then she has always had her IV in her arm and they argued with her about this and told her it had to be done in her hand!  Down fall number 2!  I feel that since we have the insurance and pay the bill we have patient rights and my daughter was refused to have her treatment administered as she had done it for the past 11 years.  Next they ran her treatments too fast and may have even used another form of IVIG!  She has been sick after both treatments and this last one she had to go to the ER the following Monday after her treatment.  We are lost!  We wonder if they listen to their patients or just farm them in and out?? This is how my daughter feels and my feelings are the same.  Patients have rights and Comprehensive Cancer needs to listen to the patient, the patient knows their body better than anyone.  Since my daughter may be heading for a relapse.
4	I was so shocked at my first appointment with Dr. Kingsley at the amount of people that were at this office. It was so filled with people that we couldn't even sit down. But people got called quickly so we found a place. Once called back Dr. Kingsley's nurse went over my history. She was super nice and talkative. She made me feel very relaxed. When Dr. Kingsley came in he had an excellent bedside manner. He did a full check up and sent me for blood tests. I enjoyed that he talked to me like an actual person and not just another body. The phlebotomist was amazing! Even though I have tiny veins they found one no problem and it didn't even hurt. I also had no bruising the next day. Dr. Kingsley ended up needing more blood from me for some more blood tests. He actually called me himself to tell me that I needed to come back in. He also explained why he needed more blood tests done which really impressed me. Doctors never call you personally let alone explain in detail why. You couldn't ask for a more caring and friendly staff. Everyone that I came in contact with was helpful and nice. I love that they don't treat you like just another number. Dr. Kingsley has such a great personality and bedside manner. I totally would send anyone I know here.
5	This place is hugh! So many doctors and staff, then the waiting room is full of patients and family members.Sign in is easy, paperwork short and easy, but each time I've been here, it's at least an hour or more for the visit and at least half hour waiting!Staff is friendly, doctors are great, very patient and caring. Had blood work done with a great tech, even got a referral for diagnostic test and they called and got me the appointment so I didn't have to call myself!
