5	Another one of my favorite charities, I was first introduced to them a few years ago at their annual 5k event.  I've always heard about the House, but didn't know what they did for the community until I took the tour of the facility.  When kids are seriously ill and need to travel to Las Vegas for healthcare, the House provides a place for them and their families to be together during the crisis.  There's so many things we take for granted when we have money and health insurance, that we don't realize just how lucky we are.  For complete details of what they do at the House, here's the link to their site:http://www.rmhlv.com/story.htmlI am impressed with the amount of effort and energy that the volunteers put into helping these needy families.  I met a few of the kids impacted by their efforts and to see the hope and happiness on their face was priceless.I try not to miss a 5k event.  It's for a great cause and I've met some wonderful people.  Return Factor - 100%
5	Looking for a charity that is 100% true intentions and delivers on all of their promises?  Then you have come to the right place.  I was fortunate to donate to them last year through a client of mine and we are donating again.  After getting to know the staff and learning more about the charity, I was so amazed at the love, support and help that they offer families in need.  And, did you know that even though they carry the name "Ronald McDonald" it is only because of an initial endowment?  Apparently, they do not continue to give money but the charity runs off 100% local donations.So, if you are looking for a great charity - here it is!
5	This is one of my favorite places to volunteer. They also have a record of being true with 100% of donations and everything going into caring for families of children in hospitals. They run on 100% of local donations as far as I'm aware of. I love working with the staff and seeing the families and being able to cook for them!
5	Im so excited to be the first family review!!! My son Colin and I are from Honolulu, Hawaii. In the beginning of june, he lost all muscle tone, and reflexes in his arms and legs. Doctors in Hawaii couldn't figure out what was going on with him and were just going in circles. We almost had to sign an "Against Medical Advice" form to get him discharged because his bloodwork hadn't normalized. My previously healthy son used to be able to stand on his own, take steps with help, now wasn't able to sit on his own, and regressed in motor skills and was now hypotonic. His outpatient planning wasn't getting anywhere either. He had a great neurologist lined up for him at Shriners, but unfortunately they weren't equipped with diagnostics to help my son. We thought we were all out of hope. BUT my dad reminded me I can fly to the mainland for basically free with his flying benefits. This brought us to Las Vegas, as that was the most open flight available  and i kind of knew my way around. The first week of appointments, my son and I stayed at a hotel for $98 a night. It literally drained us, and after realizing our doctors expected us to stay for about a month; To include surgery, therapy, and appointments I was literally in tears. I thought we would go home without an answer all because I wasn't better prepared. As I was crying to my friend. A lightblulb went off in her head and she relayed to me the remembrance of her child being at texas children's and utilizing the ronald mcdonald house there. I screamed in joy, and hung up the phone and tried to find arrangements so we could possibly stay there. The process was so simple. When i returned the car at enterprise, because I had used all the money I brought for hotel, and car and needed money for food (so i thought), Ronald Mcdonald house called me a cab that took me to the house. Everyday that we were there, we were treated like family. Meals were prepared for us by generous volunteers. I learned to cook!! well cook new recipes. I learned that mainland and hawaii recipes are quite different. Until I could get my husband to send me money to rent a car, Ronald Mcdonald house provided transportation for my son and I to get to appointments. We avoided hospitalization as long as we were within close proximity of a hospital, and went to all follow up appointments. Everynight i was there, i was thinking...Whats the stinking catch? Is there some kind of huge add on fee at the end? Is there some kind of charge I'm not aware of? I was wondering how in the world could someone who doesn't know us, be so kind to us. Feed us, arrange transportation, provide us a roof over our head, and provide the comfort knowing someone cared. Tonight it finally dawned upon me. Because they are doing what they love doing. Which is helping people. I am so amazed that they cared so much about Colin and I and did everything in their power to help us when we needed it. I am not one that asks for help very often because I am usually quite independent and have an answer and plan for everything. , the Ronald Mcdonald house of Las Vegas was there to catch Colin and I during the time that I didn't have an answer, they helped me not feel like such a failure, and they gave Colin and I the strength to push, knowing we had an army behind us!PROS: Laundry Facility, Elevator, Extremely good security with card keys, GIANT kitchen with endless options of food choices, very friendly and helpful staff, loved by all locally, New kids playroom with computers, large backyard, tv in each room, EVEN had a crib for Colin! CONS: ONLY ONE! the laundry room in the basement can get a bit creepy at night.
