4	Wom-wom-wooom!!!  I luv me sum good chicken & these chicken fingers were on point!  They were breaded so rite & real real tender...No lie...U can order them in 3 strips or 4 strips or 6 strips...It comes wit fries (crinkle cut), sum toast, & sum coleslaw...I don't do coleslaw, so I got an xtra toast...Can I jus say the toast is delish?  MAN!!!  My boy MG hooked me 2 this spot(note hooked, not hip...cuz this joint was BOMB)...Definite repeat spot, 4 real...
3	The chicken is unusually moist and tender.  Very good.  The breading is light, which is fine, with very subdued seasoning.The combos come with crinkle cut fries that remind me of the frozen fries at the old drive-in theaters.  You know the ones that might be made of potato or they might be made of cardboard; could go either way.  In any event, they add nothing to the meal.The coleslaw is average with a creamy dressing.  It too adds nothing to the meal.I didn't much care for their version of sweet tea.  I don't know why sweet tea isn't the same everywhere, but it definitely varies.For dipping,  there's the Cane sauce.  It struck me as an odd concoction with a lot of black pepper in it, but people must like it because, according to the menu, they charge for extra portions of it.  I would have much preferred some honey mustard or bbq sauce.The place was clean and appeared to be well run.I'd go back to Canes if someone insisted but personally I would just as soon go to the Colonel.  The chicken strips are tastier and there's a much bigger selection of better tasting sides.
4	I don't normally eat too many fried foods (especially with a DOG as the mascot, makes you think exactly what is in the fingers) but this place is a most welcome exception.  I work close to this one, so I took the gf one day for lunch.  This place is busy!  Took us a bit to find parking and get in the long line.This place serves only 4 things, chicken fingers, Texas Toast, fries, and cole slaw.  But oh...do they do it so well!  I usually get tired of seeing chicken fingers because EVERYWHERE you eat they seem to have it, and it's not that great.  But the smell here was enlightening, surprisingly fresh for stuff being fried.  I was in the food business...this is a sign that the oil they were using was FRESH.  Good start.I ordered the Combo #1 - The Box Combo (their most popular one).  It came with 4 fingers, fries, cole slaw, Texas Toast, and a 22 oz. drink.  I pay, wait for our order to come, and get us some drinks.   I expect to see the same ol'...you know, Coke or Pepsi.  Pepsi equals yucky, so I'm a Coke fan (born in Georgia but raised in Maui, no joke).  But what do I see besides Coke products?  3 machines, 2 with Sweet Tea and one with regular iced tea.  Oh....my....God.....you're kidding?  Sweet Tea?  Are we in the South?  Lemme at it!  I love this stuff so I was curious to try their version.  Wow.  It was just right, enough sweet, enough tea.  Totally right!  Add some lemon and it would be heavenly.  I was already a fan and I hadn't even eaten yet.  I think I had like 4 glasses of Sweet Tea before our food arrived.  This stuff is sooooo good they sell it in one gallon jugs for 5 bucks each.  And people buy it.We got our food and sat down.  I got ours to go just in case we were short on time.  I excitedly sat down and secretly hoped their food was as good as their drink.  I opened the box....and it was like angels singing!  It was like the gates of chicken finger heaven opened!  I didn't even put anything in my mouth, but the smell of the food was intoxicating.  Everything...so fresh!  My chicken fingers were perfect, not greasy....moist and crisp and hot with great flavor, not too salty or heavy.  Their 'secret' Cane Sauce, I have no clue what's in it exactly, but it compliments the chicken well.  I get a hint of ketchup and possibly relish.  Better than Ranch.  The crinkle cut fries were done just right too, crispy and not greasy.  The cole slaw went great as a side too, not too creamy but with a nice zip.  Their Texas Toast is bomb!  Garlicky, crunchy on top, and chewy in the middle.  All of it great washed down with Sweet Tea.  This ENTIRE experience only cost me....$13.  So worth it!The service was speedy but friendly, understandable because the line was so long.  Place was very clean and colorful and bright, especially with all the movie posters.  Reminds me of a kind of modern diner (hmm...that's almost an oxymoron).  I go here quite a bit now, I just make sure that I do a few extra sets at the gym that day....heh heh.  Anyone reading this should go here (unless you're vegetarian....cause they don't make no tofu fingers) and give this place a try.  You will not regret it.  They only make a few things, but boy do they do it well.   Y'ALL GO DOWN THERE....YA HEAR!
5	Love Love Love Cane's.... Such a good reminder of home! (It was started in Louisiana... WooT!) I'm sure many people have the initial reaction of " All they have is chicken strips?" but after they have it they'll agree that it is all they need!  and I could put Cane's Sauce on EVERYthing... So Yummy!
5	Not like I am a huge chicken finger connoisseur by any means but I can safely say that these are by far and away the greatest chicken fingers I've ever had. The fries suck so if I were to do it again, I would just buy the fingers and then go to Mcd's for the fries.
5	I'm addicted to the number two. Three pieces of chicken, Canes special sauce and the piece of bread. The decor is wicked awesome with the 80's and old school movie posters. The place was clean and for first time tonight, the manager i would assume made sure everyone was ok. He was so helpful. I've been going to canes for six months and have never had a bad experience.
3	I thought I should write a review for this place because I got an extra chicken finger in my meal... (vegas luck?) and I also won money gambling that day...and it started off with that extra chicken finger!I ordered #2 which comes with 3 chicken fingers (but i got 4 and I saw it as a sign that I had good luck to gamble haha), fries, and their very buttery toast bread!Fast food is usually not my thing with all that extra grease and oil, but Canes was pretty good with their special canes sauce that I dipped everything in. I think the chicken is just ok and their unsweetened icetea is pretty good. I mixed the unsweetened with 1/8 sweetened ice tea (otherwise it's just too sweet).  My favorite was definitely the bread though (I would exchange that over fries) :)
4	After eating at every place around here & driving by this place since it opened about a year ago I finally decided to give it a try.Like all those who have reviewed it before me...they do JUST chicken which in this case means they do it well.Light & crispy chicken strips,crinkle cut fries(kinda like Del Taco's), and I liked the Cane's Sauce.The coleslaw is good if you like it sour and not swet which I do.You can't go wrong with the chicken here.
4	This is only the 3rd time I've been to Cane's but damn it is good. The do it made-to-order so it's always HOT & FRESH! After my last review I received an offer from Cane's to come in & try their BOX Lunch for FREE.If you know me you know I LOVE FREE!!The staff was very friendly & quite helpful. The food came out quickly.-NOT like In-N-Out Burger where you expect to wait 20+ minutes for a burger.The chicken was light & crispy.NOT Greasy and the crinkle cuts fries had SNAP! The coleslaw was tasty and the special sauce is good for dipping everything!!This is one fast-food place you'll never have that heavy bloated feeling leaving. DAMN Tasty Food.
5	Chicken fingers done to PERFECTION. Awesome sauce (I know it has to be basically thousand island, but I swear it tastes way better to me!), crinkle fries, yummy toast. AHH how I love it. The employees at this location are particularly friendly and helpful. They came by to pick up my trash, and asked how I was doing twice. If you're a semi-light eater I'd get the kid's meal. It's $3.99 for 2 strips + fries + drink. Perfect size for me. I typically add bread for $.69 too, because I'm a fatty.
4	they told me that sauce was going to blow me away, and it so it did.i used it for everything including my fries and toast.and that toast? soft and buttery and oh so good. not feeling that coke or sprite? have yourself a sweet tea, its pretty good.instant favorite. wish there were more everywhere!only in vegas i suppose4.0/5.0
5	As far as chicken fingers go, this is the best place to get them at. Although there isn't much of a selection, the food they offer is great quality. And of course the sauce is one of the best parts of the meal. I generally get the Caniac and share it with my girlfriend, and its quite filling, with 6 fairly large chicken fingers, texas toast, fries, cane sauce and cole slaw.Service was good and friendly, and the food, although made to order, didn't take that long to receive at all.Also, if you join the Caniac club, you can get a free box combo as well: http://www.raisingcanes.com/club/index.html
5	Best chicken fingers ever!  I also love their freshly brewed tea- it comes as sweetened or unsweetened. Not really a "fast food" joint that you stereotypically expect because I consider the quality of the food at the same level of In-N-Out.  I take all my friends who come to visit here.   I guess we have at least one thing over california!
5	I feel really guilty for loving this place especially because I am with the "anti- fast-food chains" movement in America. But this is the quintessential palace of chicken for me. This is my ultimate splurge of fried goodness. I actually dream of this place while eating chicken at other restaurants.  Why do I love this place so much? Simplicity. Chicken fingers, fries, toast and iced tea. That's the main attraction and that's really all they serve. If you make a good product, stick with it and run with the idea. So I humbly "bow in the presence of greatness" and I am a proud member of the Caniac Club.
1	Pretty decent chicken fingers, and adequate fries - although it reeks of generic fast food.The problem here is they only have two sauces (honey mustard and Cain's mayonaisse-based sauce).  Even if you order a larger meal, they only give you a dap of sauce, then make you pay for additional ones.  So, you'll end up spending $1.50 on sauce after your waaay too expensive meal to begin with.Customer service is non-existent.  Place is always filthy.  It's just easy to skip.
4	Fast Food Chicken Fingers never tasted so good. Raising Canes specializes in southern style chicken strips that come complete with Texas toast, cole slaw, and french fries. The cane sauce is delicious and don't forget the sweet tea.
3	I love the food. NOT this location! The manager is a jerk, some of the employees are friendly other are very rude nd sometimes say very inappropriate things over the speaker in the drive-thru.
3	This location isn't the best kept, but the food seems to always be decent.  My boyfriend is a regular here now. They even know him by name.  I always get the three finger combo which comes with: Texas toast, three strips, fries, drink, and one Cane's sauce.  I recommend getting extra Cane's sauce because the amount they give you is NOT enough.
5	I'm not a huge fan of fried foods, but I'll be damned if these aren't the best chicken fingers ever.  Lightly breaded so it doesn't feel super unhealthy, insanely delicious dipping sauce, and accompanying texas toast that's just perfect.  One of my bosses gets a platter of fingers once in a blue moon, and it's always one of my favorite meals.  Not sure why I'm not eating here more often.
4	We were curious and wondered what the fuss was, with this chicken finger restaurant. In my twenties, I loved chicken fingers. Now I have them on occasion. Since we heard about it from my Mother-In-Law, we knew that this place does not serve ranch dressing with the fingers- it's not uncommon in the South- they probably think that we're weird for ordering ranch for our fingers & fries. We came here on a sunday for lunch. The menu, though simple, had different combinations to choose from- and there is a drive-thru window for those of you who just want to take it home. Surprisingly, the chicken fingers were very good. The breading was just enough- I hate when restaurants use so much breading in their food. The seasoning was very good. The red sauce (signature) was good too.  Very generous with the fries- I didn't eat all of it and threw the rest away. My husband likes the Texas Toast. Little by little, people started coming in who had just come from church- and it did fill up by the time we were done with our meals. I am mentioning this if you do not want to be in the middle of a large crowd and try to find an open table (drive-thru window). Free refills on drinks. Tip: Mix half the sweet tea with the regular unsweeted tea to make the right mix of Iced Tea.
2	It was good when they first opened. But I recently went to Raising Canes the chicken was ok, the fries were soggy and the sweet tea taste like it was sitting out for too long... it was beyond gross... the best thing about the meal was the bread and the sauce... I was really disappointed
4	So I live in LA, and there are no Raising Cane's chicken in California.  I used to live in Denver, CO and frequented the Raising Cane's in Fort Collins.  I already wrote a review for that one, so here's the link to that review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/raising-canes-chicken-fingers-fort-collins#hrid:1ns4kDv57mzgVrBFXMM02QUPDATE -I DID drive the 3 (actually 4 to be more accurate) hours to Vegas to get Raising Cane's chicken!  Although it was 6 hours this time (damn Friday traffic *shakes fist*) ......and I'm also dating a guy in the area, so now I have 2 reasons to come to Vegas.  :) In fact, I'm eating my 3 strip combo box right now....I didn't need to buy the extra Cane sauce, but I'd rather be over prepared.I would have eaten Canes yesterday when I got here to Vegas, but I found a Chic Fil A in Upland on my way out of CA, and because those are scarce in LA as well, I ate lunch there.  I know, I know.....how could I, right?  Truth is......I think I enjoy both chicken places equally.  It's the motivation of "the trip" to a rare eatery that arouses me.  Chic Fil A with their tasty chicken, waffle fries, side salad and lemonade, and Raising Cane's with their tasty chicken, crinkle cut fries, garlic texas toast and sweet tea.  They're sort of like brothers.  Anyway, go put some Cane's in your belly.  ASAP
4	*What happens in Vegas.....*After a wonderful weekend in Vegas we decided to eat here on the way out. I'd never been to Raising Canes but had heard pleasant things about it.So after I put in my order I made my way to the fountain drinks, and noticed that they had sweet tea. I decided to try their sweet tea and it was pretty darn good. It's not as sweet as some other sweet teas I've had, and that's not a bad thing. The chicken strips were delicious and the fact that they're not made till you order them isn't bad either. The Texas toast was a pleasant surprise too. I like their cane sauce as well.So for those of you who love ranch on anything that you consume Canes doesn't have ranch. Now don't freak out....give their cane sauce a try you might actually like it.
4	There's really not much to elaborate on........it's a simple menu done exceptionally well!   I mean, come on, how can you mess up when all you serve are fries and fingers?!?!?!=)I can now say, with 100% certainty, that this and In-n-Out are my HAPPY/guilty fast food!  Can't go wrong!  Truth is though, I don't really feel that guilty!~Lightly breaded chicken fingers...~CANE'S SAUCE.........oh my!   Have to get an extra every time!~Crispy fries!~TEXAS TOAST!*Military discount too!*
2	This is one of those places I just don't get.        I took my Mom , when it first opened maybe couple years ago , I think it was .       I was not impressed then and not now.  I don't get the sauce, I can't figure out the flavor, Even Ronald  as in mcnuggets fame, got more and better tasting flavors. I hate to admit it but the nuggets r better too. The canes tenders were dry , I'm more of a dark meat fan .            I don't know how they stay open jus selling tenders. It was pretty busy at 330 in the afternoon, I jus marveled at the people enjoying their meals, trying to find another bewildered customer , that I could relate too. Mom and wife enjoyed their meals , who r these people can't b my relatives?
5	I love their chicken fingers!
3	The box includes four fried chicken strips, french fries, cole slaw, and toasted bread.  The sauce is a tomato based with pepper.  I enjoy the crispy chicken strips, the sides, are just sides, but the toasted bread I save and dip in the sauce and that's why I go back to Cane's.
5	First time there today and it was amazing! Menu was simple and straight forward. I ordered "The Box" which included 4 chicken tenders, fries, texas toast, coleslaw , signature sauce, and a drink.  I suggest the Sweet Tea. Pros: Location, Discount for UNLV students, Service, Food, Music, and Cleanliness; Not in any particular order.Cons: N/A
4	im a die-hard fan of chicken strips so i finally tried raising canes the other day...i was long overdue...anyhow i drive-thru-ed it cuz i was lazy and i got the 3 strips box with fries and texas toast with a sweet tea. i gotta say it was pretty frickin awesome. that cane sauce has crack in it i think because i was licking it out of the little packet thingy. anyhow the chicken strips tasted yummy cuz they were freshly fried (at least thats what the lady told me in the drive thru cuz i had to wait) anyhow the service was bomb- like i said i had to wait but the lady stayed at the window and shot the breeze with me while i waited...that was cool. if you get a drink do youreself a favor and get the sweet tea....SO YUMMY!!!
5	5 STARS.  Yeah, I know I know... 5 stars for a fast food restaurant... am I crazy?  Am I weird?  No no no... well... maybe. :)  But 5 stars because the chicken fingers are simply the best.  I don't like much of anything else here.  Well they don't have much of anything else besides fries, toast and sweet tea here.  The fingers are juicy, well flavored and even though it's fried, it's not too greasy.  I go here at least once a week for some good and cheap lunch.  Anyone working downtown wanna join me?
3	This was the first Canes i ate at and i got the food to go and was just slightly impressed. I have since eaten at other locations and ate in the dinning room and the food was definitely better for the dine-in
4	I love raising Cane's and they are all really good. The service is the only thing that varies a lot. This one is on the soso range since the kids that are working were more worried about rapping back my order instead of getting it right. But its all good the food is still unreal and you cant go wrong here.
4	We are talking about a chicken joint that is better than KFC, Popeye's, Chick-fil-A, etc.!  Albeit they only serve chicken fingers.  That's all right though cause if you do something you're the best in, then...it's all good. Raising Cane's definitely makes the best chicken fingers.  Their Texas Toast is the best too.  I've never quite tasted toast like Raising Cane's Texas Toast.  Yum! cannot describe it.  The cole slaw they offer is not bad either.  What makes Raising Cane's my favorite fast food joint though is their sauce.  The chicken fingers are good but the sauce makes it better.  Raising Cane's is also very kid friendly.  They offer a kid's combo that includes cool Raising Cane's stickers.  I also like the decor and atmosphere of RC.  It's much more laid back an friendlier than other fast food joints.A note to some skeptics who like chicken nuggets better than RC's chicken fingers.  Do you know what nuggets are made of?  Is there a part of a chicken that is called "nugget"?  Chicken fingers are made from real deal breast meat.  The operative word being "real".  Open up your palate a little more people and truly try to experience the differences the world offers.  Raising Cane's is definitely different from other chicken joints I've been to.  I'll definitely continue to come back again and again!
4	I love this shi*. I can't get enough of the Cane's sauce. It's by far my favorite chicken place in LV, Love the crinkle cut fries, and the Texas toast. My girl and I went in and ordered a 3 piece and a 4 piece and we destroyed every bite. It's a very nice price point as well, you definitely don't feel like you're getting ripped off, but you don't feel like you're getting a TON of food for the price. It's about right, at about $13-15 for two people with drinks and taxes depending on what you get. The location is nice, right off of Charleston boulevard and the customer service was friendly, greeting us as we walked in, taking our order with a smile, and getting our food to us fast and accurate.4 solid starsI'll be back soon, but probably to the one close to the LV outlets, it's much closer.
4	Yes Yes...it's true, not much more I can add or say that my fellow Yelpers have not already covered. Cane's rocks me like a hurricane!I usually get the Caniac combo:6 Chicken Fingers Extra Fries Coleslaw 2 Cane's Sauce Texas Toast Large Drink I say go big or go home!It's been awhile...but I can still remember just the way you taste...
2	We have friends that have compared this place to Chik-fil-A. Do I agree with this comparison? No. I don't get this place. The people are super friendly but other than that I don't see what the hype is about. The chicken is ok. Fries were soggy. Sauce tasted like mayonnaise, ketchup, and spice?  My husband did like the sweet tea, tasted like the tea we were used to in Mississippi.Maybe I just don't know enough about chicken fingers and what makes them amazing.
4	Love the fingers and dip.
4	I kept on hearing about this place from my friends whenever they went to vegas and I have been meaning to try this place for awhile now. So I figured the best time for me to try it was when I was hungover this past weekend.  I got the Caniac Combo and shared it with my friends.It had 6 strips, cole slaw, texas toast, fries, large drink, and 2 Cane's sauces. The strips were really good and did not taste like most standaard chicken strips. And the sauce is what makes this place sooo soo good. Its addicting. The fries were ver bleh though...nothing special. I wish they would open one in Orange County...This place is really good for a fast food joint and I usually don't like going to fast food places too.
5	Whenever we want "junk food" but don't want to feel too terribly guilty, we go to Raising Canes!  The chicken fingers are juicy and perfectly cooked every single time!The Caniac Combo is perfect for two.  Dun.Avoid McD's and go to RC!!!Customer service is always good too!
5	Embrace your inner CANIAC!I've reviewed a Raising Cane's location before, but today I had some time to kill before a meeting, so I decided to pop in to RC's. My Dad was with me, and it was his first time at this fine establishment. He can write his own review, but I know it will mimic mine.This place is legit. Everything is made to order. The menu is pretty simple. Chicken Fingers, Fries, or a sandwich with Chicken Fingers and Fries. That's about it.It's pretty much the best fried food out there. Yes, its a little unhealthy, but who gives a rat's ass. The chicken is marinated for 24 hours, nothing is frozen, and....you get Texas Toast!!I got the famous Box: 4 chicken fingers, crinkle cut fries, slaw, Texas toast, and a drink. All for about 7 bucks. Not bad, considering this is pretty much the best meal you can have in the QSR (quick service restaurant) world.Also, you must try the secret sauce. I don't know what's in it, and I don't care. It's amazing. Think of a peppery, tangier version of fry sauce (google it). Since you may be thirsty, get the awesome lemonade. Fresh squeezed. Served in ice pellets. The only way to roll.I have friends that went to school at Florida State University. A fine University that I respect just as much as my beloved University of Utah. I know many Seminoles will rave about Guthrie's. Not entirely sure if this place is a knockoff, but if you like Guthries, I imagine you'd like RC. Same menu, same concept. Except in Vegas.Hop to it, Noles and Yelpers alike. This is one of my favorite establishments....anywhere!P.S. If you are wondering where it stands against Chick-Fil-A....who different ballgame.
5	O EMM GEEE..... I am so in love with Raising Cane's!! When I lived in California, my favorite chicken place was Chick-fil-A. I was sad to learn that they did not have any locations here in Vegas. So I have been living here for about 10 months now and only discovered Raising Cane's maybe about a month ago. Can you believe that? Where have I been?!?! The first time we ate here, my husband and I liked it so much, that we came back for a second visit in the same week! Or was it 3? :PThis place kind of reminds me of In-N-Out. Simple menu - you pick either chicken fingers or a sandwich. All of their combos come with fries, some of them also include Texas Toast and Coleslaw. I usually order the Box Combo:- 4 chicken fingers: crispy on the outside, hot and juicy on the inside!- Cane's sauce: I have no idea what it is made out of, but a very good dipping sauce.- Fries: crinkle cut style. I like how they don't make my fingers too greasy! - Texas Toast: Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. Buttery goodness! I didn't know about this until my third visit, but you can ask them to "BBS" your toast, which means butter both sides. - Cole Slaw: I was never a fan of coleslaw, so I usually substitute with more fries or another piece of toast.- Sweet tea: great tasting and very addicting! Not too sweet like the one at McDonald's or Chick-fil-A, but not bland, which makes it perfect! I also like the crushed ice!The employees are very welcoming and friendly. If you dine in, they will bring your food out to you if it's not too busy. The manager will also walk around and stop by your table to ask how the food is tasting. Also, if you come here often like I do, you might want to join the Caniac Club. You get a Caniac Club Card that will be swiped with every purchase. It's free to join and you earn points for every visit toward free food. I got a free Box Combo for signing up! Awesome! Be sure to ask about it, because they don't really promote the Caniac Club, other than the small print out on the bottom of your receipt. I am so happy that I found my new home for chicken! I'll be back again very soon. I just wish that there was a location closer to my house!
4	For fast-food, chicken fingers in particular, I love Raising Canes!  The chicken is always juicy-not greasy and the dipping sauce is super yum!!!The fries are crinkle-cut- pretty average but very handy to dip into the aforementioned yummy sauce!
4	It's hard to believe your eating fast food, seriously, the first time I came here I was impressed. The chicken is not greasy, cooked just right, and my favorite part is the JUICY TENDERNESS- OOOHHH SOOOO TENDER. LOVE it. And thats not the only thing I love- HELLO?! Texas Toast! and the house sauce. The menu is super simple and everything is good so you cant go wrong :)
5	I've never had a reason to complain about Canes. I love their food and their service is UNBEATABLE! Once, while stopping through the Drive-Thru, the associate sang to me! Everything is always clean when I go inside and the food is ALWAYS hot and fresh. These guys are great!
4	The tea is AHHHMAZING! I was drinking so fast I nearly choked. Lol. It's quality tea! The chicken fingers were yummy. I put LA hotsauce in my canes sauce and it was mouth watering. The fries were not fresh but I'm not much of a crinkle fries fan.
5	This is a franchise, but who cares when it's so good! The chicken is absolutely awesome and the sauce they give you is the best sauce I have ever had. The fries and chicken go really well with the sauce. As if fries and chicken weren't enough, they give you amazing garlic bread to go with it. This place is one of the best franchises around.
4	"See the chicken here is cooked fresh, not refrigerated. You can tell the difference" is what my friend told me as we took a look at the menu. My friend treated a number of us to either 'The Box' Combo or the '3 Finger' Combo complete with coleslaw, french fries, texas toast, chicken fingers (4 pieces with the Box and 3 with the 3 Finger) , a dip and a drink. It didn't look a lot but I still ended up taking home 2 chicken fingers. It could just be me - I'm not a heavy eater - but the meal was undoubtedly very satisfying. Also, I absolutely adored how the walls were lined up with movie posters - American Pie, Hangover and all that jazz. It had a very American vibe to it and was just the right place to hang out after having to go through 3 hours of speeches from communication class. Fun, enjoyable, place felt like it was in a rush hour - it was packed and the food was ultimately savory. What are you waiting for, everyone?
3	The menu is very limited; all the food here comes in one color: #cc7722 aka ochre. The chicken strips and crinkle fries are a little better here than at other fast food joints. Psst, the rumor is the secret dipping sauce is a mixture of ketchup, mayo, Worcestershire and spices ... shhh!
4	I been here a few times since my friend introduced me to it a couple years ago, and I like the fact it's a simple menu like some burger chains.... the food portions are just right and I love the dipping sauce for the chicken. I usually get the 3 Finger deal, which comes with a drink, fries, toasted slice of some kind of bread, and 3 chicken fingers with 1 dipping sauce for under $7
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE RAISING CANES!  That should be the entire review but it can't be.  I think I've already done the other Cane's reviews so I must do this one as well.  Raisin' Canes is a lot like In-n-Out in that they keep things simple and they always do it right!  I've never once had a bad experience at any Canes and they have never once messed up my order.  Their food is phenomenal because they have just basically 1 item on their menu...Chicken Strips (not entirely true, I think they have a chicken sandwich as well).  Everything is made fresh and is never frozen and every time I take a friend there from out of town, they go bananas for it and demand to go the next time they're in town! The great food is followed by great service which, the two, hand in hand can be hard to come by these days.  They're always fast and friendly and even one time when I had a gift card but gave them my Raisin Canes card and they couldn't pull up my free meal, I was getting upset cuz I (the idiot) thought I was wrong and they were messing up, and they never once seem frustrated with me or upset.  It's just a great atmosphere at Cane's and I love going there.
4	My wife and I stopped in here just to get away from the strip a little bit. For off strip fast food the food is awesome and the prices are a welcome "relief" from "on-strip" pricing. If you make it here, you won't be disappointed.
4	I tried the Caniac combo: 6 pieces, toast, fries, cole-saw, and drink.- Chicken fingers are better than chick-fil-A! Very tender, soft yet, crispy!- Sweet tea is similar to McDonald's (which I like), but more addicting and less sweet. - Fries are not special, reminded me of frozen bought fries. ^___^
4	You want some straight up fingers and fries? This is the place. I eat here all the time. If you want crispy fingers and fries with Cane's sauce, POW! This is it!
5	Why is it that the fast food in Vegas is better than the regular restaurant food here in Rhode Island? I can only think of one place anywhere near me that serves a freshly made chicken tender...The chicken tenders here are just about perfect. They are actually TENDER because they aren't dried out frozen pieces of chicken sponge like they serve at most places. The fries are good, the texas toast is damn good and the coleslaw is perfect.The sauce though. Kind of like a texas petal sauce. Really different and interesting but I liked it. Then I dumped a package of their Texas Pete hot sauce into it. And I really, really liked. Five stars, loved everything. And just noticed that they have a location in Boston. That's only an hour away. That's not too far for fast food....is it?
5	Second to only Zaxbys !  But since there is no Zaxbys on the westcoast... They carry the crown for chicken finger spots. The service is better than there franchises in the south.
4	For some reason this Canes just taste better than all the Canes, like its really amazing! But anyways, I really only like Canes because of the sauce and the bread. The chicken actually has no flavor by itself and the fries get all soggy in the box, but that freakin sauce makes you forget all of that!
4	This is the first time i have ever been to a raising canes restaurant. The food is all fresh, the chicken is never frozen and hand battered to order. Chicken tenders were delicious, had yummy salty crinkle fries, enormous soft buttered Texas toast, fresh brewed sweet tea and coke products which i love! The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly and piping hot. The only reason they do not deserve 5 stars is because the honey mustard costed extra and the only sauce they have is canes sauce, ketchup and honey mustard. Since I dont like the cane sauce or the honey mustard I was seriously bummed that they didn't carry ranch or BBQ. Will definitely return for a Togo order and dip in my own ranch :)
4	Got the itinerary all set for the next Vegas trip....this place!The buffets can hold off for a while, the 21 tables will always be there.  But until they expand to the Bay Area, their 4(?) Vegas locations are as close as it gets for their "Box" special or 6 piece Caniac combo which could really feed two at one sitting.  The tenders don't sit around, they are always crispy outside and juicy inside.  Throw in homemade slaw (good but a bit soggy), Texas toast (better than Sizzler) and seasoned crinkly fries (better than Del Taco) and it didn't even need their secret sauce but a little didn't hurt it at all.  I try to keep the fast food reviews to a minimum but sometimes you just feel like telling everyone!Their mascot is a Lab.  More cool points right there.
5	This place is extra clean. Extra cool and they provide large cups of water. The food is extra good. You get service with a smile. The people seem to love they jobs. And you will crave the food long after they close for the night. I love this place. The chicken is from heaven and omg the fries are soooo good! They give you bread and this cool secret stuff to dip ya chicken in. Its soooo good! The place is clean kids are welcome. They always have long lines but manage to get everyone fed quick  you never take your food back here because its always correct. This is a must go to if you never been.
2	Recommended by a friend. What a mistake!.  I didn't want a combo since I can't eat the fries... this revelalation was rewarded with a deer-in-the-headlights look.  I asked how large the chicken fingers were and was told they were something akin to enormous, so I ordered three.  When I asked about sauces I was told they had ketchup or a  spicy sauce for which they charge extra. Not even any ranch dressing!!! When the fingers arrived they were very thin and nowhere near enormous.  Pretty tasteless is the best I can say. Stick with Popeye's.
3	I must admit, this place has a hype! Although in my opinion, I like their chicken better than Chick-Filet. It makes me wonder why I randomly crave it though? It's just ok chicken fingers. Fries are nothing special, but they dont lie about their sauce. I ALWAYS mix the hot sauce with it. It completes the chicken. Also, Raising Canes has got to have the most refreshing sweet tea in this city. Theres always smiling service. & To top off why I come back through the drive through: they give my dog milkbone treats! A labrador is their mascot logo, so I always give kudos to dog lovers.
5	Juicy Tender Fried chicken strips! This place is amazing! I don't think I've ever been here and didn't like the chicken... It is always juicy and full of flavor and the fries that it comes with is always Fresh, crispy and goes great with my fried chicken, secret sauce, Texas toast and drink! If you're in Vegas you gotta try this place, plus it saves you sooo much money not going to a Buffet.Cheap prices, restaurant is always clean, Great/polite services and amazing food!
5	I'm all about the Sauce and Chicken here!! So tasty, fresh, and hot!! Can't forget about the Texas Toast and the Homemade Lemonade though!! Mmmm. Drool...
4	Great food. The chicken tenders were crispy and the fries are always fresh. The Texas Toast is a must and their sweet teas and unsweetened teas are to die for. The staff are super friendly and efficient. The place gets busy around lunch time and the tables would get filled up. As soon as a table is open, an employee clears the table and wipes it down. Recommended if you're looking for food fast and fills you up.
4	Good food. I love their ice tea! The sweet tea is on a sweet side for me so I usually do half and half meaning... half sweet tea and half nonsweet tea....
5	Hands down the tastiest, juciest chicken tender ive ever eaten. My favorite fast food restaurant in the world.  Chicken strips are fresh and always 100% delicious.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Its the little things that make me smile... like the crushed ice instead of cubed and the crinkle cut fries.Canes special sauce is Orgasmic over everything.  last time i visited Vegas, my bf and i ate Cane's 3 days in a row before we drove back to san francisco...its THAT good
5	Outstanding service!  Food was delicious, and the sweet tea just right!  Wish we lived in the area so we could go weekly! =)
4	We tried Raising Canes by accident when a friend had some take-out at a UFC party. It was freaking fantastic! We went by and scooped some up for dinner tonight and was once again totally amped. The chicken, which is delightfully fried - was so succulent. Ridiculously juicy strips is what we're talking about here. The meals come with fries, texas toast and cole slaw - but I'm in it for the chicken. It's awesome and is definitely on my favorite to-go list :)
5	By far the best chicken tenders I've had and they never disappoint. Everything is always served hot and fresh and the chicken is oh so juicy. The Texas toast and Cane's sauce are awesome as well. This location is always busy, especially during lunch. But even when there's a line, they continue cranking out orders quickly.
5	This is the place to go right here!! I have never heard of a chicken strip-and-fries-only establishment before but dang it sure does work great!I was really impressed with the food and for sure walked away with a borderline carb-coma (which was fiiiiiine by me!)Not only do you get awesome chicken strips with a crazy tasty coating, you also get crinkle cut fries, coleslaw, and freaking Texas toast!Oh yeah the dipping sauce is nutso too, I was told its a mayo-ketchup-creole season concoction and it jives together perfectly.
5	Delicious lemonade and reasonably priced! My boyfriend took me here for lunch! The chicken was juicy and delicious! We're definitely coming back!
4	Cane's is as good as it gets, i cant get enough of the gravy.
5	The BEST sweet tea in Vegas...spoken by a true Texan.  The food is always fresh and hot.  The line can sometimes be long, but it's worth the wait.  This specific location has a terrible manager that yells at his employees.  This poor girl Amber was crying while she handed me my change, because he was yelling at her.  The drive through window was closed, but I could still hear each and every word he yelled.  Shame on you sir.
4	Raising Canes raises fast food to a new level. Using the analogy that Raising Canes is a platform video game (e.g. Donkey Kong or Burger Time) it would be platform level 4 of 5.  Ever since I wrote my review on the Flamingo at Maryland Raising Canes a year ago, I remain a fan. It just so happened that this past Sunday, when I stopped at the Decatur at Charleston Starbucks, there stood a Raising Canes nextstore. Leaving games of chance for the casino,  before hours of hiking I wanted a meal that was guaranteed to be good. I walked into Raising Canes. What keeps me wanting to return to Raising Canes is their Caniac Combo. At far less calories, the Caniac Combo probably is just as filling as the Heart Attack Grill. The Caniac Combo is overflowing with food. There is the Texas Toast which to toast is what a baked potato is to a potato chip. There is delicious coleslaw. The plate is overflowing with fries. The fries aren't nearly as good as Chick Fil-A or Nathan's, but they are filling without all the salt that is prevalent in the fastfood industry. Included is two small plastic bowls of Raising Canes sauces. The best way to describe it is thousand island dressing blended with ketchup. In reality there is probably some secret ingredients that are to be kept secret.  The best part of the Caniac combo are the six chicken fingers. This isn't chicken, this is more like Foghorn Leghorn chicken. The chicken fingers appear larger than KFC chicken legs. Using the platform game anology, it's like the Loony Tunes Chicken Hawk finally caught Foghorn Leghorn at the level 4 platform then dropkicked the Colonial and Popeye down to the level 3 platform.  On my visit, there was one glitch. It took ten minutes from the time that I ordered to the time that they brought me my food. At 11 a.m., I was the only customer. That shouldn't happen when it takes less time at the hyper-busy Las Vegas Boulevard location. It was my day to relax and some things are worth waiting for. Plus the employees were friendly. And does McDonald's or Burger King bring food to your table?    When it comes to the game of fast food Raising Canes is a winner. My check-ins at Raising Canes will continue, because when it comes to eating out, I don't play games.
4	I love this place so much that I've once taken a road trip from Los Angeles to Las Vegas for their chicken fingers. Okay, so I ended up booking a room in town and decided I didn't want to drive back, but I did intend on going home originally.Been to a couple of the Cane's locations on multiple occasions and they've all been consistent in quality of food and service. Chicken fingers are breaded nicely, the sauce is not overpowering, the sweet tea is good, and they serve crinkle fries - I love crinkle fries!When you're ordering to dine in, they call out your name and deliver the food to you. There was one occasion where the lady just sorta stopped moving towards me and just waited for me to reach her for the handoff across the seating area.. But I suppose it gets tiring to walk across the restaurant every few minutes so I don't really blame her.
3	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:The Box Combo - Shared this with a friend and it was the perfect amount.  I'll start with the chicken fingers.  Obviously freshly battered and fried which makes a huge difference in the overall quality of the product.  Moist, tender, crispy, and simply seasoned.  The Canes sauce goes heavy on the cracked pepper, which I didn't mind at all.  The fries will crinkle cut fries which I think are fitting to the type of meal that is being served.  The coleslaw was pretty standard and on the sweet side.  The toast well...... I mean who doesn't love a warm, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside thick piece of white bread with butter slathered on one side? YUM!OVERALL:  Pretty good place for what it is.  You don't find places that focus on chicken fingers so it's a great alternative for those who aren't so much into the 93457203975209384 burger joints in this country.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
3	Chicken strips and fries made fresh, served HOT, and with their signature Cane's sauce. It's all done right but it all tastes somewhat mediocre. If only they would season the batter and breading more, have regular fries instead of crinkle-cut, and offer another sauce option it would be a thousand times better. Their sweet tea is much better than McDonald's.
5	I think you cornered the market on chicken fingers. Like I always say, find something you're good at and stick to it.
5	I love the chicken strips, tx toast and sweet tea!  I was a little disappointed tonight to find the strips are smaller and thinner but hopefully it was a one time thing.  I always go through the drive thru and they are always pleasant and have the silly little things they say. Raising canes has been one of my favorites since I was first introduced to them about four years ago. Yummy!!!!
1	After waiting 5 minutes to find parking, then waiting another 10 minutes in line, I was refused my order because I only had $100.00 in cash.  It was one of the new snazzy bills, all crisp and ready for circulation, but that is not good enough for Cane's.  Due to a rash of counterfeit $100.00 being funneled thru this location (I DOUBT IT) my money was automatically suspect.  The only thing suspect is this policy.  The manager would rather lose a customer over this nonsense.  Counterfeits exist, but get over yourself Cane's.
4	The food is very good, but to me it's the sauce that brings the experience to another level.  I dip just about everything in it--the chicken strips, fries, and toast.My only complaint is that while the chicken strips are good, they seem to have gotten smaller in the past year; so I occasionally feel like I'm not getting my money's worth.
5	CANES SAUCE!!! my mom brought me to canes one day to get lunch and i love it soooo much. this is the first one that popped up and they have always had great service and amazing food. the chicken is always hot and fresh. the sauce as they say is boss!! also they have texas toast, of so yummy. and the have crinkly fries. everything is always fresh and made right when you order it, i love that. it just makes my tummy happy. the have a couple different box options, my favorite is the kids meal, perfect size. if im felling really hungry might do the 3finger combo or the sandwich combo. just gotta get extra sauce for that:) THE SAUCE!!
4	this 1 of my favs... eat practically every week... i usually pick up a box ( no fries, extra toast instead ) and bring it home to some fresh made rice, and vegetables on the stove... i'd like this place even more if it had some type of vege... now I'd give 5 stars but the only gripe i have, if it's called a gripe, is last two times i've ordered, came home and opened box, styrofoam is melted in some places where the chicken was touching it.  I'm not sure if im eating styrofoam or not when i eat the chicken.  It doesn't taste any different so i eat it anyway.  I understand that the chicken is so fresh its probably right out of the fryer and put in box but i wish there was some type of foil or something to prevent it from happening...
3	Back in Texas, the BF and I lived right down the street from a Raisin' Cane's- and they inundated the city with their billboards and marketing, and the BF was one of their biggest customers. I finally went one day and didn't get the hype, their special sauce in particular was a tiny portion, and not particularly good either.Fast forward like a year later. We've moved across the country and yet down the street from another Cane's! Within a week, BF was there, happy again.But something is different about this location.He brought their food home and I took a little nibble. Which turned into half the order. And then me initiating a visit the following week. What on earth is different, I have no idea. But the chicken strips are moist and flavorful, the sauce is tasty enough to dip just about anything in, and I can mindlessly munch on their fries for far longer than I'd care to admit.Raising Canes, you've redeemed yourself. I don't know how, but you did.Service also is fairly good here- even in the dead of night, the staff is in a good mood. Though they have a weird habit of insisting on checking for ID even on drive thru orders under $10.  A little odd, and sometimes annoying, but they're on top of their game in the kitchen!
4	I love Raising Cane's dipping sauce and their bread french fries are great chicken so tender what are the best chicken fingers I've had gotta love their homemade sweet tea
5	This place has set the standard on chicken fingers and now they are number 1 get the box combo and you are sure to be satisfied with the amount of food
5	Ok let me just start by pointing out that I'm from south Georgia. That being said, you can find almost anything here in Vegas. But up until now we have not found good sweet tea anywhere, until we came here. It's awesome. This place reminds me a lot of zaxbys (a chicken chain on the east coast) The menu is really simple, the food is really good, the tea is really sweet, and the sauce is amazing!  Not to mention this place has the best customer service of anywhere.Yea yea some of the reviews were complaining about having sugar in the bottom of their sweet tea cups and the chicken being a little greasy or oily. With the tea, they probably ended up either getting it right after the sugar was put in and hadn't dissolved yet or the very last bit in the pitcher. It's not like every cup is going to be that way. And yea the chicken might have a little oil on it. It was just fried in oil. No one ever eats fried chicken and sweet tea to be healthy. It's definitely not. But for every now and then, it's definitely fucking delicious.
2	The service was friendly, and the chicken ok. Fries were cold and not good. The drinks were served dripping down the outside in the drive thru. I also don't like to be asked for my ID for a cheap fast food purchase. Especially without the option to use debit and enter a pin. Giving some teen my ID at a fast food restaurant is not appreciated.
4	I always come to this one bc its always clean! They have good customer service and are pretty efficient. .CANE SAUCE. .. I'M ADDICTED TO. .. YUM.
5	The owner's allowed us to have a fundraiser at their restaurant for the Uplift Foundation of Nevada and we bought a crowd. The counter people were friendly and they bought you your order. I do like their food and the youth we bought could not get enough. Thank you Cane's and we will be bringing the kids back.
4	Vegas has a few joints specializing in straight up chicken.. strips?!! After a few drinks and a long ride in from Los Angeles, hunger struck and my sister recommended Raising Cane's.The inside has a slight Johnny Rocket's feel to it.. meaning it looks like an old school diner. Outside there's a drive-thru that seemed to always be packed during my last visit, as was the inside. The menu was SIMPLE. Combo #1; a few chicken strips, fries, Texas toast and a drink. Combo #2; a few more chicken strips, fries, Texas toast and a larger drink. This was the case for the next two combos. 4 combos total folks. *They also have party platters for larger groups. Staff was on point; proper organization and communication both in the front and the back. As for the food.. The chicken strips are marinated for '24' hours and are not frozen.. so there's none of that freezer burn lingering. They're then breaded and cooked to order.As far as taste goes, you can tell the chicken tenderloins used are of a much higher quality than that of your typical fast food spot. There's a salivating juiciness you get from cooking chicken properly too, and each strip here is cooked accordingly. Generously breaded and lightly seasoned, each bite you get a little crunch followed by the natural flavors and juices from the chicken. Complimenting the chicken strips perfectly,  they provide you with a "Rasing Cane's" dipping sauce; Perhaps some honey mustard, ketchup and pepper? I'm guessing what's in it, but it was actually a nice little sauce whipped up that complimented the strips just fine. Nothing was over salted, over cooked nor had an odd taste to it. Good stuff. These things would actually go great with a brewskie! The prices here are fair and they have good, quality foods. When I'm back in Vegas.. catching a buzz off the strip and am looking for a quick bite, I'll grab some Raising Cane's chicken strips.. no doubt!
4	This is a very friendly place. Food always hot when you get it and the employees are super nice. If you're through the drive thru a lot of times they greet you with rhyming. I love the fresh lemonade and have had this location cater for my job before. The chicken is addicting.
5	I LOVE Raising Cane's!!!  Best chicken strips ever!  I used to eat here all the time in Louisiana. The chicken is always fresh and hot, the sauce is amazing, fries crunchy and piping, coleslaw is good, and I even like the toast (although usually too full to finish it.) One of my fav spots to eat...so glad Vegas has these too!!!How can you not like a place that specializes in one product only...you got to know it's good if that's all they sell! Lastly, they are always polite...,Unlike the other rude fast food establishments, where you worry how they treat your food too. If you have never tried it, you are missing out.
4	Sometimes the wait is long...but it's so good. If you don't like coleslaw, get double bread and butter both sides!!!!  Delish!
5	I have to admit I wasn't that thrilled at the idea of going to a place for chicken fingers and fries, but.... I think I see what the fuss is about! The strips were plump and delicious and the sides were great too. My firends didn't want the cole slaw, but I thought it was very good and yes, the sauce is excellent. Just don't make the mistake of taking it home like some of us did because of course you need to eat this kind of stuff fresh and hot.
4	Probably the first time I've had a chicken basket that the chicken was not horribly deep fried.   The breading was flaky and perfectly balanced with the moisture of the chicken.Needless to say- forget the other big name places- best chicken basket I've ever had.
4	I only need the three wings to satisfy my hunger but it does not come with cole slaw so I always just order the box and give my extra strip away.Dip your Texas toast in their Cane sauce! YUUUMI wish they would open one in SoCal.
4	My first visit ever to Cane's was today. I was in for a surprise that no one had warned me about... No Ranch Dressing in the building. I walked in, ordered chicken fingers and then learned they don't do ranch. Mind blown. I was so shocked I didn't ask what do you give people who can't do spices or what about kids. I just took the Cane Sauce and figured I would try it. The fingers were great. We both ordered a five piece combo. ( If I had known about the ranch issue I would have only ordered 3.) The chicken was crispy and arrived as promised hot and fast. The sauce is an okay flavor but one small container for five fingers is not cool. The Cole slaw tastes like KFC's.  The Texas toast is a nice change of pace. I will probably eat the food again but as a to go option. My hubby wants to try the chicken sandwich next. Service was pleasant, quick and he didn't laugh at my ranch shock. I will assume he is use to it. The restaurant was clean and staff was working to keep it that way. I can't tell you what the restroom looks like as they require a key and we didn't have the time to ask.
3	I love the French toast here so much the chicken is on the meh side tho it could be in larger pieces and a bit more crispy
5	BOOM! I don't care that my gf says that this place is overrated. I just don't agree. I love the chicken strips at this place. Full of flavor and huge. The TX Toast is awesome. Also you can ask for no coleslaw and extra fries. The Caine's Sauce is also awesome, you only get one cup and I think it's extra for more, that's maybe my only little issue. I am not a  big sweet tea fan  but this place being originally from the South, they do have great tea. I usually get the unsweetened. I can't say I am a huge fan of food chains but this place is always on the money, any place I have ever had it. The Golden Standard of chicken strips!
5	Traditionally I don't eat fried Chicken but I was involved in a charity walk for the Crohn's Colitis Foundation of America (@ccfa) and food was donated by one of our local Raising Cane's.  Not only was it fantastic to me, everyone at the event felt the same!  The lemonade is wonderful and the chicken is NOT greasy unlike other chicken restaurants. Raising Cane's is a great community minded restaurant with the best fast food fried chicken I have tasted. My husband loves it and now requests it for meals after our charity walk! Well done!
3	I feel like all canes locations are pretty much the same as far as cleanliness and service.  This one is particularly busy during the lunch hour Monday through Friday. They have a very basic menu that is only chicken products.  The one thing that I do get excited about is the fact that they have delicious sweet tea. I'm from the south and picky about my sweet tea. This place has the real deal.  Lots of people rave over their canes sauce.  While I do agree it is tasty it's nothing special.  I enjoy it on my fries more than my chicken tenders. There is no other dipping sauce available other than ketchup.  As far as chicken places go, canes just doesn't compare to Zaxbys or Chick-Fila but we don't have those here in Vegas.
5	Staff was very good- chicken fingers were awesome but I have to admit the toast was rocking beyond- probably the best we have ever had. I traded my cole slaw for double toast, it is cool that they let you do that. The sweet tea was also very good . They don't do a lot of different things but what they do they are good at.
