5	KidsPark Paradise Valley in Phoenix, AZ just opened up recently.  I live in San Jose, CA and use the KidsPark San Jose South and KidsPark San Jose West locations frequently.  It's a great place to drop my son for an hour or two so I can regain my sanity.On a visit to Scottsdale last month, my friend Riley and I decided we wanted to get massages but we had no one to watch our toddlers.  *kazam!*  KidsPark was the first place that came to our minds.  We were both eager to get some R&R (massages), and since we're veterans of KidsPark San Jose we knew that was the perfect spot to drop them off for a few hours.  My son LOVES KidsPark and everything about it.  Riley's daughter was a little hesitant on this day, but we reassured her she would have fun and mommy would return promptly.Upon entering, it was as if we were transported into a child's wonderland.   Lots of fun table activities set up, tumbling/climbing area and tons of toys, plus a large theatre room with an extra large screen playing Dora cartoons under the dark, artificial starlit sky above.My son ran in without barely saying goodbye to me.  Riley's daughter was upset and started crying.  A staff member immediately came over and consoled her daughter with lots of tender loving care and hugs.  We were able to depart without too much guilt, and we called about 10 minutes later to check in on her daughter, whom they said was having a great time playing store with the other kids.It's a nice, new, clean location with a super friendly staff and great activities for kids.  We were able to get a couple hours of R&R and the kids were able to get a little bit of independent time away from mommy.  It's a win-win for all!  Paradise Valley location trumps the San Jose West & South locations because the staff was extra helpful and the place is brand spankin' new (read: super clean).You can't beat it - $8/hour per child and discounts for siblings.
5	Seriously, this is such an amazing idea - it's still amazing to me people don't know about it. Drop off your kid's (will even change my 2 year olds diaper - I've never found any childcare that will do that!) whenever you feel like it. No reservations, no time limits, no calling ahead. The teachers are real teachers! They are background checked, state regulated, educated moms and kid career people! I work, so whenever PV school district has a day off (seems like once a week), my 5 year old twins go there. My two year old goes to their CHEAP preschool 2 times a week (no I don't have to pay a weekly fee even though I only use it two days) and she can count to 20 and knows how to spell her name. They have Linda Levin in on Wed's to do an educational puppet show and I have regained my sanity! Suzanne is the owner, a mom of two young boys, who went to dinner 3 years ago with her sons and thought, "wouldn't it be great if we could take them somewhere they could have fun and we could eat in peace?" She found KidsPark, a 20 year franchise based in California. They are open until 9:30pm M-Th, Midnight on Fri and Sat and 12-6 on Sun. NO ONE has those hours in town and the kids are playing a new game or craft every 1/2 hour per KidsPark regulations. NO KIDDING! I've researched can you tell? No more of my kids being babysat by a TV! Cactus and Tatum in the same parking lot as Best BUY just south of it and east of PV mall www.kidspark.com I want everyone to try it and be a fan so that they will never go away! I can't imagine what I would do if they weren't so flexible - I'd cry, that's what I'd do. SO COOL!!! I know they are on Facebook too so be a fan - I think they have coupons on there too.My kids CRY when we leave. $8.00/hr $4 for the second/hr, and $3 for the 3rd.
5	KidsPark and I have had a relationship for 2 years and the place has never let me down.Can you say that about any babysitter or nanny you've ever had?!Once, my husband and I forgot the closing time of KidsPark and they called us and stayed open for us until we got there.  When we got there, none of the staff complained and were as friendly and cordial with us as always.I actually look forward to dropping off my son at KidsPark because I know when my son is there:1.  regardless of who is on staff, each one of them are caring and friendly.2.  instead of being plopped in front of the tv, the staff will do craft games or play games with the kids.3.  the place is clean, stocked with great toys (and movies), bright and cheerful.4.  they provide great, healthy snacks.Great policies:1. they charge by the minute~ seriously, they do.  And they never make you feel like you are not paying them enough . . .2. great hours3. reasonable ratesAnd the best part??  My son loves going there.  No tearful goodbyes and I feel secure that he is receiving positive, fun care!
5	I swear when everyone understands and gets on board with how great this place is, it will be too crowded for me to drop my 3 kids off whenever I feel like it.  They are open until MIDNIGHT on Friday's and Saturdays, 9:30pm through out the week.  I have finally learned to enjoy dinner again with my husband and friends because my kids are having fun at KidsPark rather then whining about when they can go home!!  I can clean my house within 2 hours rather then 5 when I have the kids around.  My four year old goes to their state accreditted preschool during the week for 2 days or 5 days, whatever I can afford rather then havng to pay for a program 5 days a week regardless if she goes or not.  I pay as much or as little as I want and it's the same price as a babysitter!!!!!!!!!!!FREEDOM!! and my kids are welcomed with open arms, are fed healthy meals, do crafts and games instead of watching a blaring TV and have so much fun they cry when I come back to get them!!!  I LOVE YOU KIDSPARK!!
5	The events and different options they have for children are awesome!  For ages 2 to 12...there is a cool activity or special days numerous times per month.  My kids already asked me if they can go to the Halloween party (we can never plan to early, can we?) and my daughter wants to check out the floral arranging class!
5	Love this place!  It is a blessing and very reasonably priced.
5	My daughter loves this place!!!  Great concept, and such a blessing for a single mom!  Every time we come here, the teachers are so friendly and personable and my daughter usually leaves with a cool craft and always a smile on her face.
4	My son has been going there on and off for 2 years.  He always has fun!
5	I have been placing my Daughter here for about 5 months and now she wants to go to Kidspark instead of staying at her Grandmothers. *Don't tell Grandma* =)This place has been so good to us as my wife and I have our hands full trying to get our business up and running.  We did the whole splitting the day up in half where she watches our daughter half the day, then I do the same, but we figured out real fast we needed some actual full days to work.  Although we felt guilty at first, like we are choosing work over our daughter, we soon realized how beneficial it was for her to be with other kids.  Her language has gotten a lot better and she is not as shy anymore.  She smiles in excitement when we tell her we are going to Kidspark, that is quite a big assurance to me that she is being well taken care of. Along with her smiles, that staff has always been friendly and gives a good summary of her day when I ask. The facility looks clean and safe. The punch cards save a lot of money if you are keeping your kids there often.I highly recommend them.Oh and the owner, Suzanne, is highly passionate about her business.  She started it because she couldn't enjoy a nice dinner with the adults in her family and couldn't find a place that would watch her kids for just an hour or two in the evening.  So now we have a place we can all take our kids.
5	Our son, Brody went here regularly for a year. He was extremely happy here as we were having him go. The teachers have always been amazing. We recently had to move to LA and there is NOTHING close to what they offer!  If your questioning wether or not to use this facility, don' hesitate!!  Your child will be in great hands.   Please expand to Pasadena!!  We miss you!!!
5	We homeschool our six year old son. We do a lot of our travel during the normal school year. This often presents a challenge since there are no camps in session during that time, for kids his age. Can't say enough about KidsPark. He had a great time on our trip to AZ, and we were able to do adult things during the day! Accommodating a gifted child with information processing disorder combined with  high activity is a unique challenge. We were pleased to speak with Susan the owner. She was educated on his condition and more then capable of handling it. The slogan Happy Kids! Happy Parents! Is what you can expect.
5	We operate a business near KidsPark and now that our daughter is 2, we have begun to utilize this incredible service. They have recently moved into a beautiful new facility with upgraded everything. Suzanne and her staff do a wonderful job of entertaining the kids, allowing busy parents like myself a much needed break. I was very impressed with the staff to child ratio and the number of planned activities they had for the kids. Our daughter will be a regular 2 days a week from now on.
