1	I'd really been craving fish & chips and was excited to see one right next to the store I was scrapbooking at all day on Saturday. First off I was annoyed that there was no where inside to sit. But they have pretty good misters, so ok. I stand there looking at the menu, but have to wait for the worker guy to finish flirting with the girl at the counter before I can give my order. I ordered the combo that contains 1 fish, 4 shrimp, fries and a drink. I'm sitting at the table reading my book with my earphones in waiting for my food, because they said they would bring it to my table. So it's been a while and I turn around to look back at the place and they are standing in the window with my food. Boo. The only condiments that came with my food were some sauces that was very thin, kinda like a hot sauce? But not real hot. No condiments anywhere else and no one at the window anymore. So I sit down to eat. These are shrimp? Really? I couldn't tell with all the breading. They taste like nothing. Literally, they have no flavor at all. The fish was ok, but way overcooked. It was pretty dark. The fries were good, the only thing in the meal worth anything. Oh, and the Dr. Pepper was good, but it's hard to mess up the Nectar of the Gods! I ended throwing away half my food which I NEVER do (and if you've seen me, you know). Will not be going back, ever. Except maybe for Dr. Pepper.
4	First off, Pirates fish and chips has pleasant outdoor seating, and contrary to the info about the restaurant, it is all outdoor seating.  The misters were nice, the staff were a bit on the extremely casual side but it had two pick up windows, one for ordering, and one for picking up your food, that was pretty smart.  I ordered the Super seafood combo, a normal seafood combo and a 2 Pc fish and chips.  My party sat down, and after waiting around 7mins our food came out.  The portions were enormous.  My food contained 2 Pc fish, 7 shrimp and a LOT of fries.  In concurrence with the previous review, the sauce was watery and there is a rumor that they actually have shrimp in their "breaded shrimp" but the fish was fine and the fries were crisp and golden.  All of the food I got was piping hot too, in fact we ended up taking the 2 Pc home!  Even though the service was fair And the shrimp MIA, I give them 4 stars, even though the previous review was one-sided.
1	This is a Pete' Fish and Chips wannabe that did not make it. Very fishy fish. Once was enough.
1	The worst fish and chips I have ever had. I watched them drop a frozen square fish patty in a deep fat fryer. McDonald's has better fish than this place. And what's up with the red sauce. I had to ask for tatar sauce. I love fish and chips. But its been hard to find good fish and chips in AZ. Best Ive had is in British Columbia. Your better off going to Red Robin or Denny's for fish and chips. Dont waist your time and money. Pretty pricey for the quality of food. If your gonna specialize in fish and chips at least make it fresh. Maybe actually look like a fillet. Maybe use a nice tempura batter.
1	The other reviews are pretty spot on... this place was downright baaaddd. A buddy and I went there for lunch and I was pretty stoked to eat some fish and chips. The menu was what I expected and there were a decent number of combinations and options. Prices were pretty good. That is where the good ends though. The fish and chips comes with the 'special sauce' and you have to pay an extra 50 cents to get a side of tartar sauce. 50 cents isn't a big deal but really what kind of fish and chips doesn't come with tartar sauce included!? That said, the tartar sauce was decent. There is only outside seating and most of the tables were pretty dirty. When our food came I was instantly turned off by the square fish pieces...it just screamed of store-bought frozen fish pieces. My buddy got the chicken tenders and they looked (and tasted) like an inferior version of the bags of tyson frozen chicken tenders you can get at most grocery stores. The special sauce was sort of a runny ketchup, it was OK but I think I would have just preferred ketchup for my fries. The fish was very bleh. Tasted like old frozen fish. The battering was OK but there was way too much salt that had been sprinkled on top...maybe to mask the old fish taste? Apparently this place has a decent community following, but if you're looking for some good fish and chips I'd avoid this place like the plague. Some of the worst fish I've ever had.
1	The food is as expected but the service is horrible,  not a friendly person working in the place.
1	Horrible food. The fish was extremely oily, as well as the fries. Never going back. The food was tasteless and dry.
1	One star, because 0 stars isn't an option. Every other 1 star review will have the same sad tale of fried tasteless fish squares that don't come with tarter sauce.  Tartar is an extra fee... You get Pirate sauce instead. Pirate sauce is the weakest watery version of the red sauce you get from a Filly B's.  The fries don't even give this place something to save face. Honestly? My boyfriend and I went thinking it was a Pete's fish and chips and we were craving it so badly we decided that Pirate's should do the trick.  We were gravely mistaken. I repeat: DO NOT TRUST PIRATES WITH YOUR FISH OR YOUR CHIPS. THEY WILL RUIN THEM, THEN THEY WILL RUIN YOU.Shame on us for not checking Yelp before we let this place rob is out of $15 dollars and a tasty dinner.
1	If I could get less than one star I would.   I just stopped there last night for a quick bite to eat. The staff was busy on their cell phones not processing orders. I ordered tartar sauce got charged for tartar sauce and realized when I got home but there was no tartar sauce. My items had been pierced by the tongs in the fryer so everything was greasy. I think the only reason this place is still in business is it's near a high school where kids don't care what they eat.
1	So I went here for lunch with some friends and was not impressed at all. I got the crab and chips, don't know why I thought it was going to be real crab. Anyways it was just deep fried imitation crab. No flavor and the fries were bland.
