3	I get the feeling that because of the in between location of this bar, lots of people just see it as a passing through joint for the purpose of filling up with one for the road, and then getting going, which is a shame, considering the prowess of position it has at the top of The Mound (the hill connecting Edinburgh's Old and New Town, for those who don't know it).The bar looks deceptively small from the outside, but actually has a fair bit of room once you're in, with a good chunk of white, padded comfy seating on two levels, plus some funky bar stool action on the go. The atmosphere here is definitely relaxed and easy going, and I'd certainly feel comfortable chatting away with drinks for a few hours, although it's still definitely in the don't slouch too much bar category, and doesn't cross over to the cosy, make yourself completely at home feeling that some other bars and pubs have.
2	This place describes itself on it's website as "the place to be and be seen". Um, no, it's definitely not."Bang average" is probably how I'd describe this place. I've only been once, and it was for a friend of a friend's birthday night out and they were all meeting in there, rather than going out of choice.The first thing that annoyed me was that they're one of the many bars that serve drinks in tiny little glasses, like those ones that old people keep their teeth in at night. When I asked for a bigger glass the barmaid said I'd have to buy a double vodka, the single only came in the hobbit-sized ones.My - or should I say our, as everyone in the group was quite keen to move on to the next bar after about 10 minutes - was that there was nowhere to sit. It wasn't particularly busy, it's just that there are enough seats for about 15 people in the whole place. The only reason I gave it 2 stars and not 1 is because on my way out I noticed a blackboard describing their full scottish fry-up. Maybe it's a question of how mediocre everything else about this place was, but that fry-up made me think that the Wash Bar does have some good things about it.
2	Its not a great thing when going to somewhere for what you think is for the first time, and getting there and realising you have been there before. Yep, The Wash Bar failed so misserably to make an impression last time I was here, I had totally forgotten about it.That pretty much describes the night I had, uneventful and a bit boring to be honest.The bar isnt great, and I felt somewhat on the expensive side. There arent enough seats, despite the size of the bar, and from what I could tell it was a place where much younger people come to drink.Still not a fan, but at least I wrote it down this time, so I wont forget.
3	The Wash Bar can be found on The Mound, next door to Edinburgh University's magnificent New College.  It's not renowned (in my opinion) as a bar that's essential for a great night out, but I have have liked it on the odd occasion that I have been in.  It's not the most memorable place, and I agree with Jonathan in that respect.  The location was what persuaded me to visit - meeting up with some people after shopping on Princes Street.Not much more to add to what's already been said really.  It's a bar that's clearly trying hard to attract, but perhaps not quite succeeding as yet.  Their website is interesting.  It reminds me a bit of my dad - trying to be cool and say the right things, but falling short.  It's not the most original in what it says - you could pretty much cut and paste it to a description of any bar across the city.As Cheryl said, this bar has become a place that people simply use to stop briefly in, rather than to spend a great deal of time in.
3	Situated on The Mound, The Wash Bar tries to give the impression thatt it's the place to be.  In fact, it's not only too far out the way, but also too expensive to be anything along those lines.  I've barely heard it mentioned in two years at uni and only been there a couple of times.To be fair, it's quite nice inside and they have plenty going on in the way of blackboards telling you what's happening.  Further, the decor is pretty nice with shiny wooden flooring and plenty of comfortable sofas to chill out on.  The drinks aren't exactly cheap, but they have a good range and you could definitely find worse places to kick the night off.  They seem to try to attract all the boisterous sports clubs.  However, they're not doing a great job as I'm in the rugby club and I've not heard it mentioned once.  The Wash Bar could be the place to go, were it not so conscious of its own image.
2	I couldn't quite work this place out. It's got a slightly funky feel with the 70s decor. It's a fairly good location at the top of the mound, and after a wee trek up the mound probably attracts plenty passing trade.It just felt a little dated to me. I don't want to sound too scathing. I didn't have a bad experience here. But as Yelp so aptly puts it "Meh. I've experienced better." The g&t was a g&t, the music was forgettable, the bar staff pleasant. I can just think of plenty other places that I'd rather get my drink on. Sorry Wash Bar, it was a bit of a wash out for me. Nevertheless it was busy, there was a private function booked out upstairs, I think it probably attracts more of the student passing trade...
5	Contrary to the other reviewers found this to just he right place to pop into when the weather changed in Princes Park.   Refreshed by a Dalwhinney 16 yr single malt + Stewart Embra micro brew  and enjoying the wifi.A nice mix of traditional and modern.
2	Had a disappointing time there last night which topped off a few other slightly off visits over the past few months. Decor and layout are fairly pleasant - drinks are drinks and it was warmish and fairly lively. However at 9pm on a Saturday night when most people were chilling out and relaxing - enjoying perhaps the quiet atmosphere..... the DJ started.. and got louder and louder. It was so loud it was difficult to talk. The massive TV was showing unrelated music videos.  It was fairly bizarre. And I really was not enjoying it. Anyway we left, I doubt I'd be back. Nothing particularly wrong but also not particularly enjoyable.
5	Perfectly situated on the Mound, the Wash Bar is a great place to meet up with friends and have some very good, fairly priced food and drink. The menu is perfect for those feeling peckish or in need of a full meal. The staff are friendly and attentive, as is the owner.  The upstairs has comfortable seating and a great place for a private function (with its own separate bar). As a central location to meet up with friends for a relaxed and fun evening or afternoon, the Wash Bar is perfect (and frankly more interesting and price-appropriate than its new neighbour Porto & Fi).
2	Just a bar, nothing that great I'm afraid.
2	Ah, Wash Bar. Always the beacon of mediocrity. Look up "meh" in the dictionary and a photo of the Wash Bar awaits. Weirdly, it's been an Edinburgh staple for at least eight years, if not more. How is it still here?!!I've been a couple of times. Always a below average experience. The decor reeks of student and the food has a lot to answer for. I opted for a plate of nachos last visit (how can you get nachos wrong?!) and although I polished off the entire plate because I was absolutely STARVING it was a painful experience. Apparently there's a good area you can book out for groups and events etc, so I think folk find this a useful addition to the bar. But going here for a drink and catch up? Ooft. There are so many better places nearby you can frequent instead. Don't do it to yourself!
