5	Cleaned my tile and grout and it looks good as new.  Fast, friendly, and fair... as good as it gets.  I highly recommend that you use Lighthouse Surface Solutions too.
5	Very prompt and on time for free estimate and appointment finished job in the estimated time . Tile and grout looked brand new afterwards . Would highly recomend they have earned a regular customer .
5	Lighthouse Surface solutions came out to clean the grout in my home.  They arrived exactly at they scheduled appointment time.  They came in & took great care to be thorough.  I was also very impressed as they laid towels along my wood flooring so as not to scratch or dirty it with the cleaning hose.  They completed the job in a timely manner & their price was very reasonable.  The owners are very friendly, honest people.  I was very pleased in my dealings with Lighthouse surface solutions! I definitely recommend using them for all of your surface cleaning needs.
5	I have worked on a professional level with this company, and they are over flowing with integrity and the desire to get the job done correctly, not just to make a buck. As they are in my neighborhood I feel they are the logical choice for a local company, but regardless where you are located, this is an honest, capable, business partner that can take care of your flooring needs.
5	I can not recommend this  company enough. Our dog made a huge mess in what was soon to be a nursery... We cleaned it the best we could, but there was still some very large brown stains left on the carpet. I spent the morning calling franticly trying to get anyone out the same day to see if we could salvage the carpet. Not only did they come out to give me a quote, they treated the carpet right then to help eliminate smell and hopefully breakdown the stain. They returned the next day and the carpet looks better than when we bought the house!
5	Last time I had my carpet cleaned, the high traffic areas were looking bad just a couple of days afterwards, so I knew I wasn't going back to that company.  Tried getting an estimate from a company using one of the mailers.  Guy called me at the exact time of the appointment to say he couldn't make it that day!  Grrrr.  Passed on them.Then I found Lighthouse through a Facebook recommendation. After reviewing their web site, and other reviews, I made an appointment.  Having Susan and Jim come over for an estimate was more like having the neighbors over than getting an estimate from a business.  Just got a great vibe off of them from the start.  They were on time and obviously knew what they were talking about.Their prices were reasonable, and Susan kept in touch, confirming the appointment the day before and letting me know they were en route the day of the cleaning.To make a long story short, the cleaning went very well.  You can tell when someone cares about their work and that definitely shows with Susan and Jim.  I truly felt like they cared about the quality of the work they were doing on MY house, as they would if they were working on THEIR house.  To me, that's the sign that you've found an outstanding service business.The carpets in our house look great!  Even the high traffic areas are still looking good a week later!  Not only am I happy with the job they did, I'm even happier to know that next time we need a thorough cleaning that I don't have to start the search over again!  I'm just calling Lighthouse!
5	Friendly, fair pricing and great work by Susan and Jim at Lighthouse Surface Solutions. I came home to beautiful tile and will use them again!
