3	Bought a Groupon (boudoir session) and although I read some sketchy reviews online, I decided to try it out anyway. Most of the complaints surrounded the cost to own prints/digital images which I must agree with as I walked out $400 poorer than when I walked in. The entire makeover + session takes about 3 hours. I was there for an additional hour decided on what prints to purchase. As for the hair/makeup, the artist was very nice but made me look a little too "drag queen-esque" with the dark eyebrows, dark lipliner and dark eyeshadow. I made the mistake of not giving her much guidance on what I wanted but eventually asked her to change a few things when I saw the final result. The photographer was super friendly and a gentleman. He has clearly done it a time or 2 so he makes you feel very comfortable and explains everything as he's going.After the session and 20 minutes of waiting, the receptionist shows you a slideshow of all images plus a few that are retouched. You then go through the show and decide "yes," "no," and "maybe" on all images (I let them know upfront that I did not want any prints from them as I would not be displaying these on my mantel or any wall in my home). Based on how many "yes's" and "maybes" they create a package for you that comes out to $600-1000 for just the digital images (that's if you narrowed it down to 15 images max-probably even more if you can't decide). The packages are at a discount when taking into considering that each digital image is $140 a la carte--but still very expensive.I knew I only wanted a few as I would not be printing a collage of myself so I went with a slightly discounted package of 4 images, the entire slideshow and a calendar = $399 + tax. Out the door it was about $440 which you can split into 2 payments. Don't get me wrong--the images are great because the photographer does an amazing job and the retouching is excellent. It's also part of a wedding gift so I can justify it. However, I am kicking myself a little for not buying him an engraved iPad instead...
1	although the session was great and pictures turned out how I wanted, this particular location royally screwed up sending me the package. this was a SURPRISE for my fiance so I paid an extra $15 for them to send it to another address. They sent it to my home address which I specifically asked them not to do and he found the package--wedding gift has been ruined! they apologized (after 2 days of calling and asking to speak to the manager) and gave me 2 free digital images. it was a nice gesture but not enough to make up for the huge mistake they made. it's really unfortunate that I can't be excited about a $440 wedding gift. what a waste of time and money...
3	This review is for the Tempe, AZ location. The staff are wonderful; they are professional, courteous, patient and helpful. The stylist was accommodating when I asked for nail polish remover (forgot to do it at home) and for her to fix a spot under my eyes. The photographer was talkative and he told me how he wanted me to pose for each pose and outfit change. You are asked to bring in 3 outfits from home, and after all the pictures are taken (50 in all), you meet with a person to go over them and chose which you like. I narrowed it down to 4 pictures but when I was told the prices for 4 pictures and the digital copyrights for them it was over $400! My budget was $200 (I misunderstood their website pricing when I booked). I walked away paying $150 for one picture on a CD (but it is my image to do what I want with). My biggest complaint is that the place is filthy! The floors are dirty and they had debris all over them, the framed pictures have a lot of dust buildup on them and the bathroom smelled like urine and also was filthy. To charge as much as they do and to have people sit on the floor for some of the poses, they should make sure the place is clean and tidy. I will go back but I hope that they will stay in business as they have closed many stores in other states and areas in AZ.
1	My friend and I bought the Groupon which covers the session fee, hair and makeup, a dvd of all of the photos and one 8x10.  Making the appointment was easy enough although no one would tell me on the phone how much the cost of the copyright is which should have been my first clue that I would not be getting a good deal despite having bought the Groupon.  The dvd slideshow has music so bad it's offensive and a giant Glamour Shots logo covering the entire picture and two advertisement photos showing their acrylic wall "art" and retouching so really it's just an advertisement for their business that they expect you to be grateful for.  Anyway... we got there about 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork (this is the part where they try to sell you on the store credit card... HINT their packages are so overpriced you may need to open a line of credit to cover the cost... HINT HINT it's a rip off).  Hair, makeup and photos with outfit changes took less than two hours (the hair and makeup was done exactly the same on every female that came and went throughout the day so you aren't getting anything catered to you and I wound up with so much makeup on my face it made my skin itch.  They do all the same poses for everyone too and they even have some of the old, cheese ball ones that turn into bad jokes later.  We spent the bulk of our time waiting on people to decide on which pictures they wanted and which packages.  Again, the packages are extremely over priced and the guy trying to sell them to me made snarky comments about which ones I said "no" to and then tried to guilt me by saying things like "oh but you were pretty in that one".... Unless he's paying he doesn't get an opinion and I definitely don't need commentary from someone whose job it is to sell me a photoshop job I could do at home.  The photographer, Amber, was really nice although I'm not sure she understands the concept of taking a picture from any angle that does not accentuate a woman's chubby parts, but hey, the unflattering angles made it that much easier to narrow down my choices so maybe I should thank her?    The floors are filthy, the bathrooms are even worse.  If you want anything shipped to your home it is an additional $20 fee and the entire shop set up is extremely inefficient.  it turned into a very long day.  I had more fun with my friend taking selfies mocking the horrible poses they asked us to do.  Lesson learned.
1	I went yesterday with my friend, having bought a groupon that covered the session fee, hair, makeup, a dvd slide show, and one 8x10.  The appointment was easy to make, and they called to confirm 2 days before the appointment, which is always appreciated because sometimes you forget.There is one viewing area, where they can do one session at a time, towards the front.  It is not private, so if you are doing boudoir photos, I hope you're not exactly shy.  There's a partition up to shield it from the passing public's view, but there's no privacy if someone comes in to book an appointment, or even just stands in the hallway.  Not many people want to do boudoir photos and have them easily viewed by everyone that passes by.  The area in the back could have been set up as an additional viewing area, it would be more private, and cut down on waiting times.There is only a set of curtains that is used when a session is going, and I witnessed a family passing by, and their child peeking in on people.  Again, I hope you're not shy!This business needs a THOROUGH scrub down.  There was debris from different props all over the ground, the floor was scuffed up and dirty (and they expected you to sit on it in your panties if you were doing boudoir photos), there was a musty smell about the whole place, I can only imagine what would come up from the carpets in a proper cleaning, and the bathrooms were absolutely cringe worthy.  There was no attempt to clean the room between customers and the employees seemed to take no pride in their work place.  There were photographers and hair and makeup people sitting around.  No one cleaned anything, except the hair and makeup people keeping their stations tidy (good job ladies!)  I'm willing to bet when it's quitting time, no one runs a vacuum or sweeps anything, it's lock up and run for the exit.There was nowhere to store your things for outfit changes, so when you're going between each of the sections of the room (and they will make you move, taking pictures against every single background), you have to move your things (or store them in the hallway, risking theft.)They made no attempt, when booking the appointment, to ask if a female or male photographer would be preferred, knowing it was for a boudoir session.  If a doctor's office can ask this question, surely it's easy for a photography studio to ask!  The female photographer there that day (only one), was alright, but she really isn't well versed at photographing girls that are not on the skinny supermodel side of the size spectrum in a flattering light.  The male photographer that I had was annoying.  He asked inappropriate questions (like asking if my friend wanted to have children), and attempted to get me into poses that were uncomfortable.  I had to draw the line at a pose that would have had my breasts falling completely out of my outfit, the angle and pose was so unnatural.The poses are all manufactured and the same for everyone.  Some of them are awkward and unnatural, leaving the person looking uncomfortable and maybe a little scared they're going to fall.  No wonder a lot of the terrible Glamour Shots poses from the 90's had people looking absolutely terrified.The makeup is not tailored to each person.  They used the same neutral palette on both of us, and it's a normal 4 shades of brown application that one would do for a smoky eye.  When asked what we wanted for hair, I'm not sure what my friend said, but I know I said I was looking for a pin up, vintage style.  It was a side part with curls.  That's it.  Everyone got a side part with curls, so I suppose everyone was going for a pin up, vintage style that wasn't actually pin up or vintage?The $450 value assigned to the groupon was bullshit.  No one would pay $300 for that dvd slideshow.  It's set to crappy music, the Glamour Shots logo is all over the photos (distractingly so), and it includes their "retouched photos" which look overly processed and filtered.  Seriously, learn photoshop people!  I'm 30, I don't need to look 12 with you erasing all of my laugh lines and smoothing out my skin so I look like a Botoxed Barbie.  I would have gladly traded the dvd slideshow for more prints, but that was not an option.I did not spend any extra money there because I was so disappointed in the entire experience.  The only reason that we'll be back is to pick up our pictures, but after that, not again.  We were there for nearly 7 hours, which is an obscene amount of time to spend in a place that isn't your job.
1	Had got a groupon tried to make an appointment the guy who answered was a real ass!! and they don't give there names when they answer the phone. (Maybe if he doesn't like his job he should find another one)I advised that I had tried to call but keep getting a message "If you know your parties extension please enter it now or if you need to hear ur options press 0 I would hit 0 and it would ask for an extension. After several attempts  of calling I booked on line. The guy told me there was no appointments that day , I said but I booked 1 on line he told me oh the online does not mean there's appointments, that does not match our real time schedule.(really then why do appointments online) also the online booking says u will get a confirmation call with in 24hrs well I never got a call. He told me they have no appointments at all until Dec 23 or Dec 24 . If people are that rude on the phone I can only imagine what the office staff are like. I would hope they are nicer
1	I purchased a groupon for my step-daughter and I to have a fun girls night together. Please keep in mind my step daughter is 9; they put dark pink almost red lipstick on her and felt insulted when I did not want her to wear such an adult color. They curled her hair in large barrel curls and said there how does she look? I asked if they were going to finish her hair and they said it was done. I fluffed and styled her hair; thankfully I was a hairstylist for 10 years and knew what I was doing. They did the same to my hair; again I styled and fluffed it. They used the cheapest hair products you can get from Walmart; I felt if they were charging as much as they were they would use product that would actually work well and wash out afterwards. I am blonde and have very light complected skin and yet the stylist felt I would look great with black eyebrows! Thankfully we were able to wash it off. I was able to finish my make-up on my own since the stylist was more interested in making me look like a clown. Oh and by the way, she used a public brush to apply my lipstick. The entire staff looked disheveled in their attire. Half the staff were unable to speak or understand English. The place was filthy! The picture I chose of my step-daughter had a full shot of her head in the snap shot they showed us on their public viewing screen; however, when I received them the other day the top of her head is not there; once in a frame she has no hair. I am very disappointed in the experience and the pictures we received. Spent way too much even with the groupon. I would have been mordified if it was full price. My next complaint will be to the owner; especially since the manager did not seem to care. My biggest advice is spend the money to go to the salon and then to Penny's or even Walmart to get the pictures taken. Much better staff and picture results. If you have purchased a groupon you can still get your money back if you have not used it.
1	Glamour Shots...You have to have A LOT PATIENCE.... if you don't mind waiting 2 hours just to be shown your proofs and 4 1/2 weeks for a CD and Three actual photos for $300.00!!!...go for it!! Glamour shots charge way too much to have horrible customer service....Never Again!
1	I got a group on for this place because it was recommended to me by a friend even though the reviews were not great. I should have listened to the reviews. When I made the appointment, the lady said they would call me ahead of time to discuss what the theme of my shoot would be. They called less than 24 hrs ahead of time to remind me of the appointment and left  a brief message. The makeup is basic, heavy and ages you. No wonder they need to touch up the photos. The backgrounds are dirty and some are particularly ugly. When I mentioned to the photographer that I didn't like one and I'd much prefer another he told me to trust him. Well I was right I hated all the pictures with the background I didn't like and the poses I told him I didn't like. Then I did decide to get three photos. It is expensive.  The next week my friend went and got 4 poses for the same amount of money.  Maybe the longer you are there trying to decide the better deal they give you. I don't know.  Then they told me my photos would be ready in a few weeks. I waited and waited and finally called and they said they were not in yet and to just be patient.  Meanwhile they do barely any touchups and I'm not even getting prints. They just have to put them on a disc for me.  Also, it took me four times to call in because they never answered the phone and the voicemail box is full. Overall, very disappointed. I wish I had my money back.
1	I wish I could give this place no stars.. their prices are jacked up, some of the ladies who do the hair and makeup dont even listen to what you want for your picture as well as they cake on the freaking makeup which made my mom look like some theatre person by how drastic they did it. All she really needed was a little bit of makeup to accent her but instead she got it cheaply LAYERED on her!!! I warn anyone and everyone to not go to this studio EVER! Their prices are way entirely too high and they rush rush rush to get you in and out of there. I cant believe they only had one photographer there and three sessions lined up in such a short amount time that they didn't even show that they cared about how my mom looked for her business pictures! The groupon is a joke apparently they desperately dont want anyone returning customers! Such a disgrace of a studio.. Target photo studio is ten times better than this place in ALL aspects!
1	I purchased this deal on "livingsocial" and to remind you, this was my first time purchasing anything on it. A tip for all these new timers, Please google these businesses before you purchase anything on there!!!Look at their reviews, Trust me!!.  GLAMOURSHOTS is horrible!!! They stated that this $30, so call "Deal" was a value of $509. They also say that you will be getting the boudoir photo shoot, which includes airbrush makeup, and hair styling, up to 50 poses, a DVD slideshow set to music and a digitally retouched 10x13 print. But, in reality all your getting is a couple of poses, a DVD slideshow with about 7 pictures that are cover with watermark!! So basically all your getting for $30 is one 10x13 print when you can save extra $10 and spend $20 at Desert Sky Mall and receive a big family size print with about 10 wallet size additional pictures. I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS OFFER TO ANYONE I KNOW!!
2	The only reason I am giving Glamour Shots 2 stars rather than 1 is because the photographer was professional and made me feel comfortable in an inherently uncomfortable situation. Other than the photographer, the experience was terrible. First, I called and made an appointment, but whoever talked to me on the phone for 20 minutes giving me suggestions of what to wear (which I didn't solicit) failed to take down my e-mail address or phone number. She did however make me turn on my computer and give her my Groupon code, which ended up being totally unnecessary. When I didn't receive my confirmation call, I called them to make sure my appointment was still booked and they had no record, so I had to make a new appointment for the next day. When I got there they were pretty nice, but the place was totally filthy. The make-up station looked like a 5 year-old girl's birthday party had just taken place without any adult supervision. I was given paperwork to fill out and told that if I picked up the photos in-store there would be no shipping charge, which I later found out was false (only after I informed the sales-associate that I would only be getting the 8x10 included in my Groupon). It was at this point that I found out my photographer was going to be male - something I feel like should have been discussed prior. There are "boudoir" shots after all, and not everyone is comfortable having a male stranger see them in intimate apparel. The photo shoot itself was fine , albeit physically uncomfortable at times - they make you do poses on the floor which is cement, and it can be a bit painful. Overall though, I felt like the photographer did a great job and he made the situation surprisingly light and fun.The absolute worst part was going to the back and reviewing my photos. It was at this point that I realized the niceties of the staff were only in place to encourage you to buy ridiculously priced photos that would clear out my savings account. We looked through the pictures and I was told to pick the ones I liked the best, and put others into a "maybe" category. I found a picture I liked but realized that I had a small tear in the seam of my lingerie. The sales consultant said that it would be no problem and would be fixed during the retouching process. So, I picked that photo. When I told her I was only getting the provided Groupon 8x10, she said that the retouching would be an additional $40. So, I picked another picture in black and white. Guess what, another $60 for B&W. So again, I picked a third photo - this one didn't need any ludicrous price adjustments. She then tells me that the DVD will have their logo all over it, presumably to encourage me to purchase extra pictures. Well, I got it yesterday and it has no such logo at any point during the slide show - not sure if this means the lab made a mistake or if she was lying, either way there is a consistency problem here. I really enjoyed the experience up until the end - when I left feeling like I had just wasted 3 hours and wasn't going to have a nice gift to give my husband. She made me feel cheap, when in reality I probably would have come back again for another special occasion if she had had better customer service skills.
5	I got a Groupon for Glamour Shots boudoir photo session. I made the appointment as soon as I got the Groupon and was able to get in within the next week. I was able get a time that was convenient for me and I would have the photos in time as an anniversary present to my husband. I arrived early and while waiting I decided to scroll through the yelp reviews. I was so nervous then because I was reading some really bad reviews. I decided to stay and form my own opinions. From the young lady at the front, to the stylist, and to the photographer, my experience was awesome. Everyone was very professional and personable. Everything was very private and I was impressed with the results of the photos. Professional photography packages are pricy anywhere that you go. The prices were all explained up front so I knew what to expect. I can't wait to share the photos with my husband! I will definitely recommend this to any of my friends. Thank you to everyone who I got to work with!
5	I don't normally post reviews, but I had such a positive experience at this studio that I felt I needed to. I purchased a LivingSocial deal which included hair, make up, an 8x10 and a disc with photos set to music. Considering it was only 20$, I felt it was an awesome deal. The staff were incredibly friendly and made me feel welcome. I told the hair and make up team exactly what I wanted (pin up hair, natural but dramatic eyes), and it exceeded my expectations greatly. The photographer made me feel very comfortable and was very encouraging when I felt awkward posing in scantily clad attire. He took a few extra pictures for poses that I specifically asked for. I was informed ahead of time about different prices and packages they offered via email, so I had an idea about what I wanted to spend. I had a very strict budget and they worked with me to figure out what was best for me. Overall it was a wonderful experience and I would definitely recommend this studio to others and use it again in the future.
