4	- Wide variety of gifts- Medical and pet supplies- A pharmacist- Custom orders fast and correct- Competitive pricing on goods and prescriptions- Local businessMy original review would have made Momma proud.  The server burped and sent it away.  This is all it gets until the system stabilizes.
5	I've been getting my dog's compounded medications here.  They are fast, inexpensive, kind and take a lot of time to explain medication side effects.  They are also a local business.
5	Fairmont pharmacy beats the pants off any other pharmacy in Phoenix. Close and convenient makes this place my pharm of choice. Greg has a wonderful store full energy and life. There is a sense of trust and rightfully so since he really cares about his customers. Kinda like "how things use to be" I'd imagine, if I were old enough to have lived during the "HTUTB" dynasty. Don't waist ur time and money at the ever present eye sores Which seem to be on every other corner. You know who else is at those corners? ... Whores! Thats who! Steer clear of those other stores and whores and give fairmont a try.
5	This is a great pharmacy. I'm thankful to yelpers who helped me discover it. The prices are good, they have an assortment of homeopathic products, and the wait from when I handed over my Px to walking out the door was very quick.
5	I cannot commend this pharmacy enough. Excellent prices, service, selection. Greg is awesome! Gilbert and Chad are great too. I've been more than impressed and pleased with this place and have transferred nearly all of my prescriptions here. No fuss and you're out of there in 20 minutes!  While you wait there are many cute little products throughout the store like custom soaps, stuffed animals, and homeopathic products.
5	This is a small pharmacy with an incredibly knowledgeable staff that will go above and beyond. They check dating on OTC bottles and will save you money with their prices.
5	This is great place! The staff is very personable and some even remember my name. I go here because I don't trust the big box stores to get my prescription right and the staff here have superior customer service.Don't walk, RUN to Fairmont Pharmacy.
