5	Just opened this month, the place is set up really well.  The inner part actually has lighting that makes it look like you are sitting in an outdoor plaza.  Right now, I think because they just opened they are incredibly overstaffed, but that isn't a bad thing.  The food was excellent and different from the normal mexican cuisine.  My friend had an avacado enchilada that was amazing...and very different!  My fajita chicken salad with guacamole and zesty lime dressing was perfect, and the latest boytoy had something with an egg on it that he finished completely.  My friend is vegetarian, and there were tons of options.  For dessert we had a dulce de leche cheesecake that was perfect!  The staff was friendly and willing to please, I'll definitely go back! 5 Stars.
3	My fear with mexican restaurants is that at the end, they're just another Chilli's or Pedro's disguised.And sadly, I have to say, well.. this is yet another one.I think I just must not be very keen on mexican food, and all I'm interested is in a margarita. Although I will say that pretty much everyone else in our party enjoyed the food, so KNOWING my issue with mexican cuisine.... ehI will give the restaurant 3 stars only because it is LARGE and you feel that you're not elbowing with the next person (or maybe it's because of the high ceilings).I bet the Middleton peeps are excited about all the progress and development in their area though... Hmmm.
3	Ok, I should have known that a restaurant whose full name is 'Abuelo's Mexican Food Embassy' wasn't a good place to come to eat after being in Los Angeles for ten years.   I got excited about an enchilada with shrimp and scallops.  I asked if I could get it without the guacamole and her response was "Then what do you want in it?"  "What do I want in it?"  Granted I may have been exhausted from lack of sleep and a cramped flight, but I lost all interest in that dish.  My replacement option was ok, Chile Manzanillo with crab, shrimp and scallops, but there was too much cheese/sauce covering up the taste of the seafood.  It does get a star for not being busy at 7PM.  Granted, I am used to having to wait with other LA diners when I eat out.  There was a lot of space.  Also, the chips were very thin .... felt like they would break under the weight of the salsa.
4	Food is good but not close to great.  Service is very good.  When we are going to do Mexican we usually go somewhere else, for about 10 - 15% less we can get a comparable or better meal elsewhere.  You cant beat the chips and salsa though which why I give it 4 instead of 3 stars.
5	They have a separate vegetarian menu!  The tables are spaced well and you do not feel cramped.  I love the thin chips!  My niece had plenty to choose from on the kids menu and they gave her an entire coloring book.  The wait was only a few minutes while they reset the table (on a Sat. night).  I was out with some very picky eaters and server easily made any changes they asked for.  When they say the plates are hot, they really mean it.
2	The first thing I saw when I walked in was a huge, vaguely creepy statue and I noticed that the whole place smelled like bacon and old person.  I chose to eat outside.  The waiter, who was very nice and attentive, asked if I would like the queso with my chips and, like an idiot I said yes.  I got charged $5 for what was basically a dish of sticky Velveeta.  The beans also tasted of bacon and the chicken in the enchilada was very salty.  The quacamole and the rice were quite good.  If you want mexican food, La Hacienda or El Dorado Grill are much better options.
2	This kind of creepy chain with a very creepy statue that greets you has succeeded in taking all the Mexican and Mexicans out of "Mexican Food." While the balance of salt and fat on the large plate was pleasing to the tongue, it seemed pretty clear to me that nothing gets chopped or really prepared here, just reheated.There was nothing wrong with the food, but I do not know why anyone would seek Abuelo's out. Maybe the pictures on the menu make people feel safe?They are very generous with the chips and salsa. And the flaky light chips are especially addictive.
3	I know this place gets a lot of knocks for not being authentic, but the service is good, the food's fine and the decor is interesting.  To me, anyway.  They have this odd mashed potato side-dish thingy that you'll either love or hate.  Chips and salsa are good and plentiful, and I had a superb mojito or twothree here this summer.  Would I go out of my way to eat there?  Probably not, but if you were paying, I'd say, sure, let's go!
3	So I am in the the Middleton, WI area for work.  I am basically in the middle of nowhere.  I find a gem in Abuelo.  Service: GoodMargarita's: FABAllows me to order a la carte: CheckVery enjoyable.  I will definitely return since I will be in the area for a few weeks.
4	It is what it is: a slightly upscale Americanized Mexican restaurant chain. If you're expecting "interior" food or another form of truly authentic Mexican food, you will be disappointed.However, if you're a fan of the Americanized versions of the chimichanga, burrito, quesadilla, or enchilada, you'll probably enjoy Abuelos. They have wonderful chips and salsa: the chips are light and thin, the salsa is mild but offers a little kick toward the end.The entrees are large but do carry a slightly ambitious price; most plates run between $9 and $14. Drinks tend to be pricey across the board... $2.50 for a soda?Service is prompt and professional, and the interior is large, open, airy, and clean. All in all, you're likely to have a very pleasant dining experience so long as you recognize you're frequenting a chain restaurant that is to "authentic" Mexican food as Olive Garden is to authentic/rustic Italian food.I'm a fan. I'll go back - their seared tuna, chimichangas, and papas fritas are tasty.
2	THEY MUST REALLY HATE WISCONSINOkay, so why, when the largest population of immigrants to the U.S. is mexican, did I go to a chain restaurant in the middle of a suburb when you could go to a smaller, less expensive place with better food and eat there?  And who hates Wisconsin?First, it was late (2:30PM), and we didn't want to go too far.  We were staying near the Green-something Mall. Second, if there were any mexicans working in the kitchen of Abuelo's (meaning "grandfather" in spanish) they must really hate Wisconsin or have originally migrated there from Sweden, 'cause the food was just passable as mexican.  Ah, I see now that in Mexico, our "grandfather" never cooks.  I should have looked for a restaurant called Abuela's.This place has the potential to be filled all the time because the food is too good to pass up.  It has the atmosphere of a beautiful mexican estate (not farm or ranch), and plenty of room to accomodate people.  I have never been there at night, so I have no idea.Chips - stale, already a bad sign because we were not drunk to not notice.  We were starving, though, so we ate them.Appetizers - Queso and guacamole - Guacamole was great.  Queso is a preference, but it was little thin and lacked, and I am surprised to say it in Wisconsin of all places, a CHEESE flavor.  Maybe it was too much milk in the mix.  A hint of red pepper and a thicker consistency is needed.Drinks - Big, quick and good.  Nice presentation, no issue.Fajita tacos - steak meat was nicely served and passable to okay.  It may have been overmarinated, but the plate should be hot and sizzling.  Check my review of Uncle Julio's Hacienda - much better in Chicago.Fixings - about two lbs of grilled onion, two rings of green pepper, no tomato or japapeno.  Mexican beans were great, guacamole, cheese, cilantro were all fresh.Salsa - thin and bitter, meaning they used stems or it was a bit too old.  It could have been the last of the batch (again due to the late arrival).Guacamole - the only shining light; it was flavorful, fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Service - passable, but I only got one refill on my ice tea at 2:30PM (1 of 5 tables in this 5000 sq ft place).We were the hot, tired, starving people with moola looking to spend  some bucks on amazing food - not spicy, not piled high, not super high quality, but well executed, hot (or properly cold), inviting, simple dishes that people will order by the HUNDREDS and have a line at any time of the day.  At the time we went, I felt this place really needs to work on the execution at any time of the day.  If their lunch or dinner is great, which I expect it would be with all the turnover at that time, then they have to do well at ANY time of the day.  I think they could really be the BEST upscale mexican place in the entire Madison area and crush everyone if they stick to a couple of things:- Fresh- Hot when hot, cold when cold- Execute the simple perfectly (i.e. salsa, chips)- Anytime and everytime
4	Delicious margaritas! And for a few dollars more it is possible to supersize them! My dinner was bacon-wrapped beef tenderloin medallions and shrimp. It was a treat for the taste buds.  The chile rellenos, two chile peppers stuffed with shredded beef and doused in cheese, were also good.  But, the true star at Abuelo's is the margarita.  Warning: one supersized margarita can make you feel very happy.  Two would be dangerous.
2	Abuelo's is an expensive tex-mex chain restaurant in an area surrounded by other expensive chain restaurants.  For the price you pay, you would expect great food, right?  Wrong.  The food at Abuelo's is passable, but doesn't hold a candle to any of the other comparable restaurants in the Madison area.The meat in my enchiladas wasn't the highest quality, but from what I saw from my companion's dishes, the quality of the ingredients didn't seem to be a problem.  It all tastes fine but is way over-priced.  The menu isn't very interesting, either.  There are a few (maybe two or three) interesting dishes but overall the menu is catered to those with unadventurous tastes.  Although you can get enchiladas filled with spinach or avocado, which is a nice touch for vegetarian diners.The service is fine but could be better.  The last time we visited, the waiter was a young kid (probably still in high school) and he wasn't that friendly, although he was familiar with the menu and answered all of our questions.  He was attentive as well.One final thing that irks me is the name of this place.  "Abuelo's Mexican Food Embassy"?  Are you kidding me?  "Food Embassy?"  Talk about pretentious.  Maybe if the food wasn't so lackluster, it wouldn't annoy me so much.Abuelo's is okay but is definitely not a place you should seek out.  Even if you're in the area and looking desperately for a place to grab a bite, there are plenty of other restaurants to choose from.  Middleton has something around sixty restaurants; you shouldn't have to settle for this one.  However, if your friends are big fans of Pedro's and you want to slowly ease them up to finer Mexican cuisine, this might be your first step.
3	Ok, it's a chain, and it shows, but our 14-year-old boy LOVED the chimichanga fajitas. Any place where he's willing to venture beyond his "usual" fare is a place that I appreciate.
2	Food was ok. Guacamole tasted ok but a menu partner was Cavalo. This company makes guacamole for a living. Is their guacamole really fresh?  They sent a mixed message with music, a cross between classic rock and pop in a great Latin atmosphere.  While I know it was Monday night and probably no need for a band, they could have done better with the music selection.At 7:00 PM parking lot lights between them and PF Changs were completely out - It's fall reset your timers or check your photocell.
3	Mexico sure is a long way from Wisconsin, and I walked into Abuleo's with a certain amount of resignation that it was probably going to be a bad meal.  Well, I got a pleasant surprise and Abuleo's gets a solid 3 stars because I really liked my food.  The dip trio is a combination of 2 warm dips (cheese and chili & cheese) and 1 chilled avocado dip.  For some reason, our group of 5 stuck the dips right in front of me with the idea that table would share, but I kept eating the dips during the entire meal because all 3 tasted great with chips.I also got the fajita tacos with steak, and the meat was tender and flavorful.  It kind of doesn't matter whether or not mashed potatoes are a Mexican side dish - they were good!  My plate also came with a scoop of guacamole and lettuce & tomato that you almost eat like a salad.  The genius is in the details, though, and the cooks really had their thinking caps on when they did this.  Check it out: my flour tortillas and the warm steak filling would get cold fast if touching a cold plate.  So my soft tacos were sitting on top of a room temperature corn tostada, held in place by a small dab of beans on the plate.  The first time I had ever this, and yet so clever.I didn't have room for dessert, but if I did, I would have gotten the chocolate explosion.  One person was hoping that it wouldn't come out on the receipt that way, since we have to submit copies of everything in order to get reimbursed, but sure enough it said "chocolate explosion."  She got her dessert to-go, and the next day we teased her and asked whether any chocolate explosion got on her hotel room walls or ceiling.  That question was met with silence.
2	Mediocre food with low quality ingredients.
4	Great atmosphere! I love to sit at the bar and order nachos or enchiladas and hang out with my husband. The service and food are good.
4	Like the place. I stop in here for business lunch on occasion. Food is good, It's never busy. Kind of wonder how they stay in business - they always seem overstaffed.
4	Visited while on work trip.  Food was yummy.  Service was kinda slow as we only had an hour lunch break and were late back to our conference.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. Guacamole was delicious.  We needed more chips and they were not refilled until after our meals came... overall ok and I would visit again.
3	The place is amazing in it's look inside. Like Janet said you could have a wedding here it is so nice. The food was average. If they can step up the quality of food I would return and return again. The service was good when I went. They were nice and polite.
2	Abuelo's is OK. There is nothing fantastic about it. I ordered the Juarez. I asked that the cheese enchilada be beef instead. I was told it would be no problem. That did not happen. It came out cheese. I sat at the bar.  The bartender was nice. Run of the mill service. If you come here just know you're walking into a run of the mill Mexican restaurant.
4	I went here by my lonesome self on a Wednesday night, it was quite busy but there was no line.The interior is really nice, they have murals of Mexican theme on their walls, and the ceiling is like one of those Vegas hotels. Noise level is not so bad either, it's a good place to take a date.I had better Mexican food that is much cheaper too, but  we have to remember we're paying for ambiance too. I got the rib eye steak with enchiladas and a margarita, there's nothing special about their steak either, ordinary steak that you also get at Denny's. I love their tortilla chips with 4 kinds salsa, the chips are thin and crispy that goes well with the salsas, you just can't stop eating.Lastly I give their service five stars, my server who's name is Madison is really friendly and attentive but not intrusive, my drink took a little longer to come (which I don't know why since the bar is not that busy) but I didn't mind at all because of her positive attitude. She even gave me extra salsa and chips to go when I told her I really like the chips.
2	What's good about this  place? Is it the bagged tortilla chips with chemical salsa, the Chi-Chi's feel, or the overpriced, bland food? I went here with low expectations and left wondering if I've ever felt worse about forty dollars being spent.
3	Abuelo's is a unique Mexican restaurant.  It's not the "You're the only one speaking English authentic" type of restaurant.  It's also not a Taco Bell.It's somewhere in between.  The typical mariachi-band is upgraded to Spanish language contemporary pop music.  The salsa portion of the expected chips and salsa appetizer are upgraded to a mix-your-own mild, sweet, and hot salsas.  I get the feel that it's a Roman-esque type of grandeur, yet it's a typical Mexican restaurant.   My wife had the fajita tacos.  I had a combo platter that included an enchilada among other typical fare.  As for the quality, I give Abuelo's credit for making a leap to gourmet type Mexican food.  It's a healthy step above the crummy ingredients and composition you'd find at cheaper places in town.  But it's also not Earth-shattering "ohmygodthisisthebestplaceihaveeverbeentoever!!" I was very pleased with the service.  Our food and drinks arrives without haste, and our server was on top of the chips and salsa situation.  Abuelo's is a fine choice if you're in the mood for mexican and not wanting the typical bargain-basement type of mexican fare.  More importantly, the atmosphere and the service is what puts it above other restaurants of it's type.
3	This was my second visit here at the Madison location. I had the "chose your own" enchiladas platter the first time. It was overall decent but nothing special. The enchiladas are drenched in sauce and if you order ones with cheese sauce, it' overwhelming. This was the case this time when I tried the enchiladas de Cozumel. They are listed under the Seafood section but the enchiladas are filled with guacamole and topped with a couple pieces of shrimp, scallops, and drenched with cheese sauce. It really wasn't my thing.The side vegetables were steamed and delicious. They provided a much needed relief from the cheese sauce. The rice was white rice with some cilantro and also mixed well provided from extra flavor. Overall I was a little disappointed with this dish. My friend had the fajitas tacos and they looked pretty good.My favorite thing about this restaurant are the chips and salsa. They provide a trio of salsa, a chipotle flavor medium, a green mild, and a hot. All of them taste great with the hot being my favorite. The mild one had a bit too much garlic but was still delicious. The chips are light and crunchy (not the thick ones). I like these better although occasionally you'll break the chip in the salsa.The service was great and the atmosphere is clean and casual.
4	The chicken tortilla soup is exceptional and a great choice for a quick lunch or light dinner.
4	Great Mexican entrees and restaurant decor.  Excellent service.  The upscale Mexican cuisine has "Americanized" the flavor with a few of the entrees.  Overall, great place for lunch and dinner.
3	I went here tonight for a meetup group and the host was very friendly and helpful.  This place gets a solid 3 stars.  Nice waitress, clean and very good atmosphere.  The food is kinda what you would expect from a slightly upscale American chain restaurant.   I had the salmon, veggies and rice-and except for the cilantro in the rice and the cheese sauce on the salmon, you wouldn't consider it Mexican food...let alone authentic. Nothing amazing but not so terrible either.
4	Very good tex-mex food.  Our service was excellent and both times I went the manager came over to check on us, and made an excellent wine suggestion!  I had no idea wine went with Mexican food, but it was amazing!  Their veggie fajitas with black beans and lime cilantro rice are an excellent vegan option!  Margaritas are good too!
4	Very good salsa's which is delivered as a trio of a green, red and a smoked. With PF Changs next door and a long wait I chose this for dinner. They have a nice selection for any Tex and Mex taste you might have. The wait staff is pleasant and friendly which goes a long way.
5	Love this place.  Great ambience, great chips and salsa too.  They even have a glutton free menu.  Love this place.  The food is all good.
3	The walk in has enough room for a party of 15 or so to congregate and the wood finish throughout the restaurant makes you feel a little cozy.  Since I was just a party of one, I sat at the bar, and was served by a very friendly bartender.  I was able to watch ESPN and keep up on my football talk.  You get corn chips and 3 different salsa types- I tried the green tomatilo which was very tasty a very mild salsa, and the red salsa which had a little bit of heat but I didn't touch the browner looking salsa. For my meal, I got the Yucatan Shrimp Fajitas, it was as sweet savory BBQ shrimp.  I had the lunch special version so my size was smaller.  I didn't mind that but they kept the amount of green pepper and onions at the same amount as the smaller version.  Instead of a tortilla, I used the lettuce wrap which allowed me to have a fresh taste.  I also substituted the beans(rice?) with their Spinach casserole, which was a creamy fabulous mix!  I enjoyed the meal but it was a little pricy.  It was a good treat for me.
5	My husband was looking for fish tacos. We were near Abuelos so we stopped for an early lunch. We were greeted and seated promptly. We were so happily surprised by the outstanding service from the waitstaff and the chef/manager. It turns out that there were no fish tacos on the menu. He described what he wanted to the waitress and she said there would be no problem,the chef could do it. He personally came out and checked on the request so he could get it right! And right it was, 3 delicious, huge tacos filled with lettuce, tomatoes, pico, and each one had a large portion of tilapia! The tacos were served with lime rice and steam veggies. This meal was more than worth the cost. My chicken quesedilla,lunch portion was also perfect. What a delightful way to experience a restaurant for the first time. Love it! We will be back.
4	Still a solid 4-stars. + The table chips and salsas are consistently delicious. The chips: paper thin, light, not terribly salty. The salsas: flavorful with great texture/consistency.+ Servers are ON THEIR GAME with drink refills+ Fajita salad - one of the best salads around, in my humble opinion. I skip the cheese and the dressing (use salsa instead) and am never disappointed.Note: I hadn't been here in a while; looks like they've drastically updated the menu (all for the better).
5	Abuelos was great! Was here with my boyfriend and have enchiladas and queso and they were both amazing! Had the firecracker shrimp and that was the best!!! Felicia was our server and she was awesome! Her suggestions were not only helpful but delicious! Also had the margarita that come in martini glass made with 1800. Best margarita I have ever had! And it comes with a shaker that is equivalent to two full martini glasses!! Definitely coming back!! Sun thru Friday $3 off all drinks too!!
4	I reserved the private room for my wife's birthday. We had 29 people in our group and the servers did a great job servicing us. The chips & salsa varieties were excellent. Everybody loved their entrees. I ordered the carnitas tacos and liked them very much. The manager came in to greet us and make sure all was well. Again, excellent customer service! We will definitely return.
4	I have dined in at Abuelo's once and eaten their take-out at least three times.  I have to admit, this restaurant doesn't do much for me. I think this is because I'm a vegetarian and there just isn't much on the menu for me.   Tonight I had their cheese and onion enchiladas, which were perfectly fine...but I wasn't wowed. Why then, you ask, am I giving them a 4-star review? Well, because it seems as though everyone else who has dined with me has really enjoyed their food. I have not heard a single complaint from anyone else who has eaten at Abuelo's. Their chips and salsa are great - the chips are light and airy with the perfect amount of salt and the salsas taste very fresh and, as a person who doesn't love salsa, I think they are pretty awesome.  My friend who was born and raised in Mexico said everything he tried was really flavorful and good - he clearly knows better than I do.  When I dined in, our server was wonderful, a funny young man (that makes me sound really old) who was did a great job with a bunch of half drunk 30-something women. So, while Abuelo's probably wouldn't be MY first pick of a dinner restaurant, it has proven time and time again that it is, overall, a quality restaurant for those who have more choices on the menu.
4	It's OK, not sure about "Mexican" but nice atmosphere and very good service, very clean place.
5	Hands down one of mine and my family's favorite places! We visit often, and every time the staff is amazing! Very friendly. I would come here just for the spinach enchiladas and the Espinaca casserole alone, if you like spinach, these are a must!
3	Had a late lunch at this place for the first time last month. It was pretty slow at the time we went. I liked how the restaurant looked on the inside, it has a beautiful fountain when you walk in. I tried their Watermelon Margarita and was pleasantly surprised. It was not too sweet or too tequila-y. The chips and salsa that are brought to the table were so-so, fairly spicy. They had there different types they brought to the table and they  mixed a bit of the three on a plate. I ordered a burrito and my coworker had the fajitas, neither of us were impressed. My coworker had been there a few times prior to our visit and she was disappointed in how things tasted. Not some place I would go back to again. I'd rather drive all the way to Pedro's or go to pasqual's.
2	I always feel like I'm in the twilight zone when I read reviews about this or the neighboring PF Changs. It's literally only about atmosphere and the drinks. The food is beyond bland in my opinion for the price. I've tried the various meatless enchiladas, bean burrito and vegetable fajitas - the fajitas were OK but everything else was incredibly bland( I don't even know how you can make a cheese enchilada bland but somehow it is.)  So again - Atmosphere, Service and Drinks is what this place is all about.
4	The atmosphere here is very inviting, airy, and open. I was greeted promptly and seated right away. The menu is physically large while being surprisingly limited. The seafood choices are quite small, actually. Fresh chips, very light and not greasy, were served hot and with three different salsas. None of them are hot--the habanero was disappointingly mild, but your tastes may be different.I ordered the vegetarian fajitas--be warned: the rice that is served with them is cooked in chicken stock so ask for white rice if you are a vegetarian. The fajitas were very undercooked: essentially just absolutely raw veggies on a hot plate. I sent them back for a bit more cooking and the arrived quickly cooked properly. Everyone makes mistakes. The tortillas were fresh and tasted good.Overall, a good experience.
3	This some really bland Mexican food... Reminds me of a tex mex version of chi chis. The setting is nice..a little upscale - good service - but the food is just 'ehh..'.
5	I went here a couple of weeks ago with two friends. It was a Thursday night and not busy at all. We sat in the bar area and I really enjoyed the atmosphere - very open, big, and TVs on but not playing loudly. Our waiter was super friendly. My friend ordered enchiladas with all the sauce on the side, which is an unusual request, but he was very accommodating and had it done no problem. I had a mojito which was really good, and three different kinds of enchiladas, all of which were amazing. Overall a great experience and I'll definitely go back.
4	I avoided this place for a long time because I heard it was a chain and immediately decided it would be terrible. I was wrong. We decided to give it a chance a few weeks ago. The salsa choices are amazing. I had fabulous fajitas (with far more toppings to choose from than most places) and my boyfriend had fish tacos which looked amazing. And the Sangria Swirl-- yum. We were so happy that we literally came back a week later. I had enchiladas (the choose your own trio) and they were all awesome. Try the chicken enchilada w sour cream sauce. My birthday is coming up real soon and I'm pretty sure this will be my choice for dinner!  On the pricier side but it's totally worth it.
4	We went multiple times with friends to Abuelo's. Ambience is good. Everybody liked the food. I always order Fajitas becoz they taste heavenly. They serve fresh and warm chips with salsa, which is a ++ for me. Cocktails are great too. Staff is very friendly. Will go again for sure.
4	I liked the chips and salsa it was a good side. There meat leaves a little bit to be desired but it cooked while. I think they had good survive tho. There seafood is excellent and would recommend it to a bud.
5	Was just there today and it was wonderful! Excellent servce, delicious flavorful food and nice atmosphere. Definitely will be back next time I'm in town! Only thing I could suggest is that there be a spicier salsa option. The "spicier salsa" as described by our server wasn't very spicy at all. Maybe it's personal taste.
