4	As I walked in to what I thought was gonna be another cliche burger place I was pleasantly surprised at what I saw. There was old fashion burger place style integrated with a contemporary design, a very warm welcome. The burgers look great and taste great. Their fries are better then others, you can tell by the taste. They have a bunch of dipping sauces to choose from. They have your regular ketchup and a marshmallow sauce for those inclined. It's a casual vibe and the staff treats you like friends. When our server brought out our food he said " shits boom dude". I'm sure his boss wouldn't like hearing that but I found it funny and comforting. Great atmosphere. Great fries. Great burger
3	The burger was excellent! The fries were meh, the shake was meh. But the place is known for burgers so I would go back for that alone!
5	there service was fabulous and burgers were  on point!  I highly recommend this joint!
4	Excellent Burgers....we tried this new restaurant last night and were pleasantly surprised. The greeting staff at the front door were friendly and explained their concept. You order at their station, pay and receive a number to display at your table, of your choice. The decor is inviting and fresh, offering both tables and booths. We had ordered the cheese burger and the mushroom burger. We were told they are prepared med-well unless we wanted them differently. We both ordered them med-rare. We also ordered a basket of regular fries. The fries arrived first to the table, hot and fresh. A couple of minutes later the burgers followed. The burgers arrived prepared as ordered, med-rare. They are extremely juicy and fresh. They use a nice bun that held up well to the burger. The staff returned to see if there was anything else we needed, a nice touch. They have a large selection of self-serve sauces to add to your burger or for your fries. The prices are very good, and, the burgers excellent. The staff is friendly, well-trained and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend this burger...
2	I ordered the chicken marsala burger and I do not recommend it, it was soggy and had a weird texture. My boyfriend ordered the black and blue burger, it was just average. The fries were delicious and they have good dipping sauces. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick but the food was just OK.
4	Pleasantly surprised! The service was great, very accommodating. They added turkey chili to my husband's burger free of charge. I had the veggie Greek with feta, roasted red peppers, cucumbers, lettuce & tomato....delish! Sweet potato fries were really good and a large variety of dipping sauces. Good selection of craft beers & fresh milkshakes as well. The menu also includes salads, chicken, hot dogs,  shrimp & Ahi burgers. Great addition to the neighborhood!
4	They recently opened up and had a nice energy about the place.  And they had plenty of people working the floor and counter.  The burger is custom made to your order.  The french fries were really good and presented well.  They do not rush you so you can sit and chat with your friends for a while.  Wishing them success.
5	This place is really good! I had the Chicken parmesan burger, and it was delicious! Their fries are really good, too. I highly recommend this place to all burger lovers. Service was excellent, and the food was cooked to perfection. I definitely will be back!
2	This eatery opened July 21st. This is the first visit my partner and I  had at this restaurant. I ordered the shrimp burger and he ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger, with one order of large fries. We were expecting a great experience, based on the reviews that are here on Yelp, what we got was a mediocre experience at best. The Shrimp burger was great...great taste, excellent consistency, a very good choice, the bacon cheeseburger was dry. The order of fries in our opinion did not represent the large order that we had expected, and to make things worse, they were practically cold. We did speak with a "mover" (Burger 21 speak) and although he  was not apologetic, we did receive another order of fries shortly thereafter. The fries, unlike some reviews on here are nothing to write home about. When the dining experience was over, we did have 2 staff members come up to us, and ask us how we liked it. I gave them honest reviews, telling them that given the overall experience, it is nothing more than an upscale McDonalds. I think that they are focusing on  the many sauces they offer, some of which are downright weird, and the many shakes they have, not focusing on the main product. Even the napkins they give out are very chintzy. One staff member was open to the feedback, offering us free dessert, while the other member, a member of management openly disagreed with my comments, and even stated that the chef would not like to hear what we had to say. Overall, we decided that it was not horrible, but yet, we would not recommend this restaurant, and would not go out of our way to return.
4	Great burgers....4 star because they are very salty. You don't need salt to cover up the beef flavor people! Fries are great and crispy but again overly salted. Can't go wrong with having a beer either....you are going to need it with all the salt.
4	Another burger place,  this one is pretty good located at Indian Bend and Scottsdale Road just East of Scottsdale Road.Shared the Bayou Burger, Shroom Burger, Chicken Marcela Burger and Basket of Fries and the Salted Carmel Pretzel Shake. The Bayou Burger was good and I elected to have the Sriracha on the side. I would next time rather order a burger rather than the turkey sausage burger (Bayou Burger). The shroom burger was good and the fries came in a good size basket. The Salted Carmel Pretzel Shake was awesome and my daughter devoured it.The most interesting thing was the dozen or so sauces available for burgers or fries.The Chipotle Mayo was probably the best. The Toasted Marshmallow was interesting but just okay.Reminds me of a little nicer Smash Burger with a little bit nicer interior. My recommendation is get a burger and not chicken or turkey parties.
5	First time i tasted seafood burger,it was excellent, i enjoyed very much i will definitively go again.
4	Being a burger fanatic, I'm almost always in search of the perfect burger.  So as the weeks went by and I continued to pass Burger 21, I finally decided to stop in last night and indulge in some burger goodness and a shake.Walking in, I was slightly reminded of Smashburger or a trendy froyo spot.  One of the gentlemen working there kindly pointed me and my family to the front of the restaurant where I can order, since there are two entrances.  Throughout the meal, this same man stopped by our table to see how we're doing and if we needed anything.  It was refreshing, and I could sense that this man actually loved his job (a rarity in the service industry these days).But you're probably wanting to hear more about the food than the service, so here it is.  The burgers are amazing!  My wife ordered my BBQ Bacon Burger medium (GASP! A faux pas in my search for the perfect burger), but surprisingly it was tender and juicy.  The burger was stacked and about 5" tall, but still manageable to eat.  The fries were great as well; not too crispy and not too soft.  We ordered their cheese/ale sauce and tried a sampling of their vast array of sauces (though I did stay away from Toasted Marshmallow sauce), and I have to admit the Chipotle Mayo was my favorite.  The milkshake was, how should I say this? Dreamy!  It was blended smooth, the chocolate and peanut butter was blended so well and neither seemed to overpower the other.  My overall recommendation? If you love burgers, you gotta go here at least once.  It's really good.
1	Nothing, and i mean nothing is special about this place.  At best the Burgers are absolutely ordinary.  From the outside looking in, it has curb appeal but step inside and all that goes away.  With less than 25 people there for lunch it was sooooooooo loud i couldn't stand it!  I'm sure the only reason to go here is because you'll never have to wait in line. There are dozens of better places to have burgers in Scottsdale.
5	Great service and food. They have awesome chicken tenders and burgers!! A must try, great for lunch.
5	Stop by just to get some fries for a snack. Then the wife and I decided to have early dinner. Liked how clean it was figured another burger place. This place was amazing. Great service. I asked for something not on the menu to add with my dinner. She said it's not listed but I will do it. What a great attitude. Got our food very timely and fresh. This was absolutely the best burger I ever had so tasty. My wife's chicken sandwich was fantastic as well. I am visiting from California on vacation and they could use some lessons on how to treat a customer. If I lived here I would visit regularly try this place out.
5	Awesome burgers! I had the black and blue burger which was cooked perfectly. I highly recommend this burger joint!
1	I ordered the Skinny Turkey Burger.  The worst Turkey Burger I have ever had.  It was dense, dry and without flavor.  The lettuce and tomato were sparse at best.
3	Unfortunately all the different sauces in the world cannot save a flavorless, overcooked patty. I really like the decor and feel of this burger joint. The fries were great. The selection of sauces is second to none. We tried the two southwestern style burgers. The brioche bun was far better than the sesame seed. The patties were boring. The meat was well done and just didn't bring anything to the table. On to the next burger joint...
4	Pretty good.  Touch too expensive in comparison to eating at a full restaurant with table side service around the area. Hate for yet another place to leave the Seville so I really hope it makes it. Giving this 4 stars instead of 3.5 which I hope helps them. Never know if owners actually listen to Yelp...they should.  Advice. Cheese and Ale sauce sounds great but WAY too thin.  Please thicken it up.  It's like water reallyUse iceberg for skinny wrap. The romaine didn't work. Fries are not crispy enough.
4	We found this place last night thanks to Yelp (and my sis-in-law's review).  My husband really wanted a burger, but I could not stomach the thought of drive-thru.  After a quick review of the places near us, we bit the bullet and tried something new.  We ordered take out so I can't comment on the restaurant since I sent the Hubs to pick it up.  I did, however, call in the order. The guy on the phone was very nice.  I did almost have a heart attack when he said it was going to be $27 for 2 burgers and fries. Let me tell you, after sampling the fare, TOTALLY worth the price!!I ordered the Chicken Parmesan chicken burger with Cheddar & Ale fries. OMG, delish!!  The chicken burger was perfectly seasoned and cooked, the flavor of the marinara and parmesan crisp mingled so well with it, and the brioche bun was light and flavorful. An excellent combination. Then the Cheddar & Ale fries were a delight. The fries by themselves were great. But the sauce was even better. My husband loved the fries but was not a fan of the Cheddar & Ale sauce, but he hates alcohol and it has a very beer finish (as it should since Ale is in the title).  So if you don't like alcohol, I don't recommend it.He ordered the OMG burger and OMG he thought it was great. He usually can power through a double burger just about anywhere, but this was so big he couldn't finish. Unless you haven't eaten all day, the result may be the same for you. He recommends just get 1 patty and will do that in the future. But the flavor was great and it was perfectly cooked.I wish I had tried a shake. The Creme Brulee shake sounded terrific, but I will be sure to try it on our next visit.
3	A solid burger and the sauce station is a nice novelty.  About a half star better and dollar or two more expensive then its corporate cousin over at Smash Burger.
5	Chandler store:  We were more than impressed with both the food and service! I called with a take out order on their Family and Friends training day (I thought they were already open); their grand opening is tomorrow. The manager was exceptionally professional and friendly, he took my order and then informed me about their training day and graciously agreed to fill our order even though they weren't officially open - it was such a welcoming conversation. And the food! It was amazing! The chicken tender breading was crazy good. The bacon cheesy sliders were delicious, they taste like steak and are cooked to perfection. Portion sizes are pretty huge, you can easily share. We would highly recommend this new burger joint!
3	Noticed a new burger place so decided to give it a try. Loved that they also had a lot of non burger options. I have food allergies and was disappointed they didn't have a food allergy chart - try do have a gluten free menu but that doesn't help me because I'm allergic to dairy, sesame and egg. Took them a long time to go in back and check ingredient labels. Burger was good but my whole grain bun (the only option that fit my allergies) fell apart.  Fries were delicious. A little on the expensive side for what it was.
5	Just tried this place tonight.   Had the chicken tenders as they were the Tuesday special.  They came with a generous amount of fries and were really good.   I have to say,  the chocolate shake was fabulous! Very clean,  great friendly staff, good atmosphere,  overall enjoyable.
2	Pretty hip spot for a burger joint, but overall cool.I came with my 2 sisters to check this place out.  Overall, the place reminds me of a Smashburger, but unfortunately without a smash!  I ordered the Bacon Cheese burger while my sisters order the cheesy 4 pack and the Cinco burger.  The Cinco burger came with jalapenos, gaucamole, salsa, jack cheese, your burger fixings on a sesame bun.  Overall, a good looking burger and my sister was delighted.  I'm a bacon burger snob!  Mines came with the fixings, applewood bacon, american cheese on a brioche bun.  In the end, I thought it was good, but nothing really stood out for me.  I guess what's really cool about this place is the sauces available to your choosing; Thai ketchup, toasted marshmellows, Ragin Cajun, Apple Cider, etc.  The place itself pushes for a modern flare with a young vibrant service crowd.  In the end, it's a cool place to hangout, but didn't really captivate me! - Enjoy!
5	Family ate here for lunch after a morning at the train park. Delicious. I had the Great Dane Hot Dog and it was the fantastic. Everyone else had burgers and they said the same about them. They have a lot of good dipping sauces, which everyone enjoyed (though the marshmallow sauce was a bit much). Will definitely go back.
1	It fails to amaze me how crappy service can be...How difficult is it to remember to put the gluten free bun ON THE SIDE and to ADD fries to the order?  I mean really....  I guess it's my fault because I didn't look on the bag...  I'll make sure to do that if I ever return.
3	The lowdown:Burgers are pretty decent, cooked perfectly as requested medium and served on brioche bun.Prices a bit high for what it is though.They have about 8 varieties of sauces to choose from for your fries, such as apple cider, marshmallow & Thai ketchup. Problem is many are mayo based or overly sweet. Really tried to hard and it's not good.Fries both sweet and regular are just average.Place was clean and empty on a Thursday night at 7pm$23 for 2 basic burgers and order of half/half fries and one soda.Too pricey for just average.In and out and habit are just plain better not only on the food but also price.However, I hope they make it but I just don't see it.
3	I had heard good things about this place  from a few friends before our visit last night. I really liked the decor and overall vibe of the restaurant, but was unfortunately underwhelmed by the food. I felt the burgers were decently priced, but the sides and shakes were a bit steep. My husband ordered the "Big Cheesy" and it was cooked perfectly, but the flavor was just average. I ordered the "Cinco" and while it was prepared well, I didn't like the taste. They used strange seasonings in the beef that overwhelmed everything. We did enjoy the vast sauce station for the really delicious fries, though!We ordered a banana foster shake as we were leaving and it was quite delicious, though overpriced.
3	Burgers are ok. I prefer without the bun. This weekend felt I had a better burger at whiskey row. Service is interesting... They don't seem to be focused. Clean atmosphere
4	I am a fan of Burger 21. All of the shakes are amazing! Sometimes I come here just to get a shake. The two burgers I've tried were good and the fries were good but a very small portion especially for two people to share. A lot of younger kids work here so I've never had amazing service that's the only bad thing.
5	Just tried this place and it was soooo good. I'm super picky about burgers because any one can make a burger but to have flavor and good meat is the challenge ... This place passes my test! Blows Smash Burger out of the water. The Thai ketchup and toasted marshmallow for fries was delicious. I'll be back soon.
2	Not going back. Went in on a Sunday at 3pm to get take out. Waited what seemed like a long "10 minutes" for nobody to be in there at the time. Drove 5 minutes home. Turkey burger looked like a McDonalds chicken nugget and had wilted lettuce. Tasted ok but nothing great. Got the mixed fries. They were nearly cold and getting mushy. The regular fries tasted like cardboard. I even spit one out that was just pure cold grease. Sweet potato fries were too thin. I would guess they made the fries first and then the burgers took awhile longer so we ended up with cold fries when we got home. Not sure this place will last if they don't improve!
1	Tried to post a photo but can't figure out how.  We ordered two chili cheese dogs. You would expect that to be smothered in chili, right?  Um, nope.  I think I count 5 beans/meat total!  Called the manager as it was take out and she said "what would you like me to do"?  Oh, I don't know, offer a gift card for the value or something.  Epic failure!
1	I wish I could review the food, but was completely unable to get service Saturday night, Dec. 13. My husband and I came in Saturday night after visiting the Railroad Park's holiday lights with family. We simply wanted hot chocolate that was marked as a special with signs on the front doors. There was one table full of customers eating, three teenage boys at the bar and at the other end of the bar two teenage girls. The girls had their shakes already and the only employee on the floor was chatting with them. My husband and I sat on the end of the bar near the teenage boys...waited a few minutes, weren't acknowledged or glanced at as the conversation continued at the other end of the bar. After a few more minutes, my husband decided to use the restroom while I placed the order...hopefully a quick to go order. Two other teenage male servers and an older adult male server or worker came out. One brought one shake to the 3 teen boys next to me, who then asked where their other two shakes were to the confusion of the server. None of the 4 employees glanced at me, acknowledged me, or asked why I might even be there after about 10 minutes (conversation going strong between the one teen server and teen girl customers still.) My husband returned from the bathroom, we waited some more & I said, well, "Maybe we should just leave." One of the teen boys sitting next to us said, "That sounds like a good idea." He and his friends were also upset at their lack of service. The trio of teen boys still hadn't received their missing 2 shakes and no worker had ever acknowledged our presence, with only one table filled with 3 customers. The only customers getting attention were those that the workers seemed to want to flirt with. As my husband and I walked out after being ignored for roughly 15 minutes, I started to ask for a manager, but my husband said forget it, it's not even worth it. Hope somebody else gets service, not better service, just service.
3	Went for the first time. Service was lacking to say the least. Food was OK, but we have not rushed back. Service is everything and if the guest has to beg for help, this might need some improvement .
