5	this place was quick, fair priced and gave me a free oil change with my brakes.
4	Needed a smog check on Mr Robert Paulson (my ride) and came across USA Auto. Make sure you drive into the shopping center to find them, as you can't see the store from the road (there's an Arby's in front of it). I only found the place bc I was returning some items to the CenturyLink Store in that same shopping center. It was empty at the time with some mechanics just chillin in the garage (a bad sign), but don't let that scare you, that just means they'll get to your car asap! OK, fine. I wouldn't get any major work done at a place that was empty, but for an $11.99 smog check, it was just fine. The waiting room was AC'd, has a decently comfy chair and a large TV on the wall. Can't beat that. Naturally besides the smog check they checked by brakes, oil level and prior maintenance before quoting me on those services, but when I said I wasn't interested they were more than happy to send me on my way with a smog check certificate.  Official time = 15 minOfficial price = $11.99 (w/tax)Official hatred of the Wipeout montage show on the TV in the waiting room = High
5	Nothing but good things to say about these guys. I had a few car problems last year and they treated me fantastic. Although they had just recently opened they treated me like a life long customer. They bent over backwards to help me figure out what was wrong, they gave me discounts they didn't have to and made me feel like I can trust them, which is a rare commodity in this industry. It's the kind of place I could send my mom or sister to and not have to worry if they were going to get screwed. I believe Alex was the guy I worked with, I really appreciate all he did for me! Great deals on Oil changes anytime!
5	My alternator went out on my mustang. Had a stressful morning dealing with the car dying over and over until I made it to the shop. The staff was very friendly and helpful, took my car in right away and even drove me to work! I got to work just in time to not have to miss any hours. The driving service to work/home and back to the shop was something I've never been offered at any other shop before. They even offered to come pick me up and bring me back to the shop to pick up the car. They were done with the work in a timely fashion and worked with my warranty company with no issues. I definitely recommend this shop.
5	This one is cheapest in whole state of NV.
5	Chris was helpful and honest when telling me what needed to be fixed on my car and what could wait. They fixed everything and then some on my car for $900 when Toyota wanted $2,000+.  After driving around a few miles I heard the breaks making some noise and the accelerator was a little stiff. I brought it in the next day and they tweaked everything to perfect condition free of charge. Don't hesitate to get your car fixed here.
5	This is a great place to take your car! The mechanics are trustworthy and knowledgable. They are fast and efficient and the front desk woman is pleasant and helpful. They quoted me wayyyy less than another BIG place on Fort Apache.
5	Amazing customer service! Owner Chris is great, got treated like I was back in the Midwest again. No BS at USA, you can actually trust these guys unlike every other auto shop in the valley. Finally found the Gem I was looking for to take care of my vehicles. Thnx guys
3	Not bad have had problems in the past
4	Had our work truck worked on here. Runs good now, only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was the amount of time it took to fix.
5	Awesome place to get a smog, fluid change, AC repair or any repair.  I have been in management in the retail automobile business for 28 years with some of the largest dealers in the country and highly recommend this garage for any repair you have.  A waiting customer said I hope this place is not a rip off.  I told him they have great reviews and must be good.  It is my first time with them as well and with reviews as great as theirs they must be good.   Chris the manager is personable and will let you know if you need something now or down the road.  Up front and honest.  I am very picky about my 2008 Evolution 10 which takes special fluids for the transmission, differential and front and rear axles.  Jose knew about my car and is a racer.  He let me observe the process and I felt totally confident with the service.  Big Chris has a great sense of humor, Chelsea is a warm charming receptionist who is always happy and eager to serve.  Big Jose was a gentle giant while working on another car.  Chris and his team make you feel like family and will go overboard to make you comfortable.Need a car repair for a great price with great service I totally recommend this garage for any of your repairs.  I felt go pleased I brought my wife's car in for an AC service and smog and got taken car of at the end of the day.  Congratulations team on a great operation.  The best words a business can here from a customer is "I'll be back" and I will.
5	I have never once left a yelp review, but after taking my Jetta here, I must! Chris is a very honest and nice guy. Gave me prices before doing anything, even if it was a $25.00 difference, explained what was going on, and made sure I was happy with everything. I saved over $500 from what VW quoted me at. All the mechanics seemed very helpful and pleasant and my car is running great! I will definitely be returning!
5	This shop is pretty dope. Got everything I needed done and some. This is my new place. The owner Chris is pretty coo. I would recommend this shop to anyone!
5	I love these guys! Honest, friendly, and they always do I good job. I never feel like they are trying to get me for anything, and that is important in an auto place. On top of that they are funny and their restroom smells really good!
5	Awesome place took my Mercedes In to have my lowering spring installed they were quick fast and friendly definitely will be back. You guy's rock.
4	I went in and got an estimate on my fuel pump to be replaced.  Once I had the money, I went in again and they told me that the entire fuel pump and module needed replacement.  I was a little annoyed and thought I was being taken for a ride (no pun intended).  Chris told me that the mechanic only told him about the fuel pump so that is what he quoted me.  To have the entire module replaced would have been double the original estimate.  I asked Chris if there was anything he could do. He said I could go to the car dealer and buy the part at his cost and then bring it in for installation.  He also gave me a free power steering flush to help make up for my inconvenience.   I am very glad that Chris was able to make things right by me by providing excellent customer service. This makes me want to do more work with them.
5	First off this place is amazing. Honest, friendly, affordable. Literally everything you dream of when you think of a perfect mechanic. I stumbled in randomly one day just because it was the first place I found, what a lucky coincidence. From that day on I have always taken my car back for work. I have used their services 4 times now all the way across the board from oil changes to brakes to catalytic converters and been completely satisfied every time. Every one there is awesome and friendly. Chris is always very fair, honest and super friendly. As well as the mechanics and the receptionist. I literally enjoy bringing my car in to be worked on.  One time the receptionist and my wife talked and she recommended a pediatrician for my kids and it turned out awesome. Anyway I could go on and on but the bottom line is this is literally the ONLY mechanic in Las Vegas that I have used that didn't end in over charging, dishonest work or a heated argument. I have never been treated as good as I have been here and on top of that good service that is very affordable. I recommend this plus beyond what words could explain. Thank you guys for doing what you do and giving Las Vegas a unbelievably awesome mechanic and business to be proud of.  One last thing I don't want to leave out is they give a discount to military and in this day and age it is very appreciated on top of the great service.
5	I stopped and got an oil change 2 weeks back.  They found no extra problems with my car. (Which always happens at places like Discount Tire) They weren't trying to up sell me at all. A few minor recommendations were on the sheet, but all things I did need. Car was leaking oil 2 weeks later. Brought the car back to them and they found the leak and fixed it on the spot. The mechanic brought me into the shop to see the issue. (Loved that.) 20 minutes later I was back out in the world with my working car. Honest, good car techs. Will definitely return and recommend.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place it's so very nice to meet an honest mechanic the manager Chris is a top class mechanic and the manager of this shop you can go to and recommend this shop to everyone they truly care and stand behind their work, Thanks Chris
5	Both cars have come due for registration in the last two months, ouch!  I needed a smog check for each, and both times these guys are quick, friendly, and super reasonable!The first was their standard price of $11 or $12 (I forget exactly)!  But either way, very reasonable.  When I just brought the second car in, they told me if I downloaded their app it would only be $7.77, tax included, plus a free oil change when I need one, even better!  Plus, the app gives specials on oil changes, repairs, etc.Everyone coming in there seemed pleased with the service and the price, I think this is one of the rare repair spots where they are both honest and don't price gouge.  If you need an estimate, it's worth it to stop by.  If they are as good as they seem, give them patronage and keep them in business!
5	OH NO!   Chris and his team did it again.  Great service with total customer satisfaction.  Chris takes every customer and treats their vehicle as if it was the customers child like a good doctor should do.  I have never seen this level of service on a consistent basis in my 30 years with myself being in management in the automotive industry.  I do consulting work and I will be using Chris as an example for how to do it right. Nobody's perfect.  I witnessed a customer that came in with a complaint and Chris handled it calmly and made the adjustment at no charge, no resistance, no hassle , no problem!  I have my EVO and my wife's car gets serviced here.  I highly recommend this shop for your vehicles service or repair.  My confidence in the technicians is 100%.  Spread the word and tell your friends.  And no Chris did not pay me to say this.  I just know what great service is and it is hard to find in this town.
5	Downloaded the app for the free oil change...great customer service. Pointed out a few things needed to fix. Will do at a later time...5 stars!!!
5	Chris is fantastic! I had a 79 C10 pick-up that needed work, fitting a exhaust & other parts I had. He did it all in a speedy fashion & a very good price! This garage is a gem. Friendly staff, everyone is extremely helpful. I have my second truck at their shop right now! All my future business will be with these guys ....& yours should be too!
5	Wow! I will be coming back again for all services on my car from oil changes to major things that need to be done (hopefully not in the near future) But, Chris explained and showed me under my car that my radiator needed to be changed. Prior to yesterday, I had taken it to the mechanic I used to go to at least 5 times and he could never find the problem. But the first time he looked at my car, Chris told me what needed to be done. To have the service done wasn't extremely through the roof and for a good price. And because of that, I once again have cold A.C! There is more I can say but I'll leave it up to those who want to go here and experience for themselves.
1	I want to add that after leaving this review about my experience. USA went on my company profile and left a bad review when they have never used my company for any of their service. I got a call at my home from someone named Chris telling me that they were going to leave a bad review for my company profile on yelp. Very Bad Experience. Long story short they lied to me. Lady started crying and apologized to me for trying to take me. Told me that business has been really slow and because of me that they will never think about taking someone again. I still don't recommend this company. Please don't go here!!!
5	Wow! I will definitely be coming to this shop for all my car service needs! I drove around from shop to shop and everyone wanted to charge me $50-$100 to see why my check engine light was on after describing to them what was happening with my car. I went to USA and spent 10 seconds describing it to Chris. He said without doubt it was just my battery and the best part is he didn't charge me to do a 5 second test to make sure he was correct! I couldn't believe everyone else wanted to charge me almost $100 to tell me I needed a new battery! Chris and his staff were amazing and had 5 star service. It's a relief to be able to fix your car without the hassle! I will be back!!
4	I didn't know Chris worked on foreign cars but was happy to find he could do an otherwise very expensive oil change on a Mercedes. In and out in about 20mins without an appointment. One of the best kickers is that they are open on Saturdays.  Thanks again!
5	Chris the manager and Big Chris are Awesome!!!  I'm 57 and have 38 years experience in the automotive industry.  I just don't want to work on cars anymore and this is my shop and my people.  I love these guys.  Chris just finish my wife's V.W.  New head light bezels and motor mount that I missed.  My wife is so happy with her car I got some extra kisses.  Yea baby!!  I wish my doctor was as attentive and knowledgeable as this team.  Excellent bed side manner for a car.   Nothing missed, given options for what should be done now and soon down the road.  Chris is going to redo my suspension on a 2000 4 runner I just bought with new springs, Bilstein shocks and perform a timing belt and water pump.  He blew away the price of another shop and is saving me a ton.  Cant wait to experience the new ride.  There work is top shelf.  If you have never heard that phrase that means "The Best"Need an oil change to an overhaul this is the place to go. I'll be back.
5	Just had my 2000 4 runner which I just purchased with 200,000 miles on it spiffed up by Chris and his team.  Every part was on this Toyota was original from the day it was sold new in 2000.  This 4 runner drives like a new one with no rust living in Las Vegas since new.  That is why I bought it.  I know I worked for Toyota for 16 years.  The only thing that was not original from day one was the tires and breaks.  Chris could not believe it.  A testimony of the best days of Toyota.  Chris and his team replaced the original timing belt and pulleys, belts, flushes fluids power steering and breaks, new Moog springs, Bilstein shocks which gave me a 3 inch lift, ball joints, replace the original spark plugs, an intake tube, 15 pounds of additional tire pressure, Redline oil in axles, trans and transfer case.  Chris reminded me if I wanted to get max MPG accelerate slower like a hybrid and start stopping a little sooner.  I went to Performance Muffler who I have used for 13 years and installed a free flow cat and muffler.  My gas mileage went from 12 MPG to 19 MPG.  I think I can tweak it to 22 MPG keeping my RPM's low utilizing my tachometer.I'm not making this stuff up.  This is the place to have your vehicle worked on.  Don't trust me test me.  Go there and find out for yourself!!!
5	Just had brake job here.  After going home I noticed the parking brake was not adjusted an not working.  I took it back and the team test drove my 4 runner.  My vehicle was put at the front of the line, two technicians worked in it and reinspected all wheels and break systems for any other possible  issues, adjusted the parking brake. Chris the shop manager drove for accuracy and my satisfaction.  You can't ask for better service than that!  These guys usually always get it right the first time.  But if they don't they really step up to the plate.  Hard to find this service anywhere!  This is my shop & my team for me and my family!
5	Just had to write another review. I'm a hard a_ _ to please when it comes to auto repair.  After wrenching on my own cars for 40 years, which I no longer do, I just got to say my brakes are now unbelievable after U.S.A. dialed them in.  3000 miles ago with my oil change Chris sold me on some expensive engine treatment I never heard of .  After 3000 miles "Holy Batman" my 200k mile 4 runner runs like a new motor was just dropped in my car.  My acceleration has twice the take off than before the treatment.   These old 1998-2002 4 Runners are like gold.  They had a sludge recall issue on the 3.4 liter motors.  This treatment must be a hidden secret most shops don't want you to know about cause I really fixes your engine.    Thanks again Chris you really know your stuff.John Hard A _ _... Out!
