4	Gelato hits the Central corridor. Just north of Highland, underneath Landmark Towers. This is like V-J day for some of us CenPho dwellers. Sweet Venezia opened yesterday. The space is modern and clean, with wi-fi and a few flat screen TVs.I went with a friend this evening and we sampled, well... everything. Lemoncello sorbet, profiterole, mascarpone caramel pistachio (that's one flavor) -- everything tasted great and had just the right level of moderate sweetness. Sweet Venezia also has espresso drinks and assortment of pastries. We met one of the owners, Luisa, and she's quite nice. She says that the business will be open from 11AM to 10PM every day.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	This place is great! Just opened up on central just south of camelback on the west side of the road. ...AMAZING gelato and the coffee is just what I need! Family owned, really friendly staff, free wifi, flat screen tvs,....also just saw a flier for a monday movie night...I guess they are gonna have double features on mondays...even made a specialty drink for the night....sounds like fun!...cool little spot, dont hesitate to check this place out!
2	One of those cute independent places that I wanted to give a great review to but ended up having a couple of issues.While the gelato tasted okay, it  was just way too melty.  I was told that the gelato was  actually made elsewhere, so may be it melted during delivery.Also they really shouldn't use the word "scoop" on the menu if they're not actually scooping.  When I ordered 2 scoops, I really thought I would get twice as much gelato as 1 scoop.  But it turn out to be a medium cup that was just a little bigger  than the small. Hope that they work out all the kinks soon.
2	Sweet Venezia is brand spanking new. I want a new Gelato shop to do well that is this close to home. Sweet Venezia isn't ready for prime time yet. They have a nice space, they have parking, the place is clean. However, they need to make their refrigeration colder, the gelatos were all soupy and melty. My fudge gelato was grainy as if there was a powder base and frankly... I drank it. Now we did stop in for drinks as well, but that wasn't what I had in mind. My partner ordered the Jungle Jolt and the person there wasn't sure how to make it. The other person cleaning wasn't sure either. They made a float, it worked and my partner liked it well enough.I wasn't happy with the consistency or overall quality of the gelato, but they are brand new and it might take them a bit to get their chill on properly. Maybe I'll check them out in a month or two and see if things are better, but I'm still in love with Arlecchino's and they aren't much farther away.
4	I don't have much of  a sweet tooth but it the gellato is great I had some peanut butter thing and it was great
2	Honestly I feel bad writing this review but the gelato here kind of sucked. It was so dissapointing that I actually went to The Gelato Spot a few hours later for a redemption scoop. I can't put my finger on it but something was just off. The mango was kinf of hard and not fresh like at other places. The chocolate was very meh - not worth the calories.I did enjoy watching Sponge Bob on the tv, though. And it is close to my house. Otherwise notsogood.
4	I'm not a gelato expert.  I didn't even have gelato.  I had sorbetto instead.  *Coconut* sorbetto.  And yes, it was light and delicious.  :)My husband had the cream puff gelato and thought it was really tasty.  The gelato did look a little soupy, but it tasted just fine.I took away a star for the slightly uncomfortable atmosphere (there were several people - employees?  owners? standing around watching us).  I also took it away because the decor was a bit lacking.  I'm glad to have another cold-treat place to go in the neighborhood.  Especially by the movie store.
4	UPDATE:  Early October - they closed their doors - the place is dark.   [sniff]A couple of doors down from Maizie's (see reviews elsewhere  in Yelp), Sweet Venezia is a wonderful gelato store.  The gelato is the way gelato is supposed to be -- soft & delicioso.The people are friendly & helpful.I have been back, and I will continue to go back.  I hope you like it as much as I do.
2	I would have liked to given this place a great review since it's so close to me.  I was really looking forward to taking a lot of people here.  But the gelato was soupy, and you don't get much for your money.  I'm not sure how unstained concrete with cracks contributes to the atmosphere.  They did give us a free cappuccino, and I'm not a coffee drinker, but my friend and I didn't really care for it.  Everything was kept clean, but food just wasn't that good.
3	I'm no gelato expert. I don't pretend to be... but this placed seemed a little "meh" to me. I have chosen 3 stars because I will give it another chance. I decided at around 8pm a few nights ago that I was in dire need of some frozen lovin, so I headed out to Sweet Venezia. Upon arrival I noticed that the handfull of people in the shop gave me a pretty hardcore staredown. I'm not talking "lookin to see who's walking in the door" stuff either.  It was weird and made me uncomfortable. I looked down and saw that I indeed had pants on so that wasn't it. Oh well freaks, on to the task at hand. I ordered the bananas foster which was mediocre ..... a little too sweet for my preference and kind of fake tasting (like fake banana candy shit, you know what I'm talkin about). The texture was decent if not a little soupy, as others have stated but not bad. I was in a hurry so I didn't try any of the other flavors. Speaking of which, the selection seemed a little boring. I will go back and give it another shot because it is sooooo close to home. But that's it, one more chance and you're fired.
2	I'm pretty sure this bitch closed down. They haven't been open anytime I've ridden by in over a week. Can't say I'm terribly disappointed. Bring on something new!!
1	closed...that was quick.
