3	If you're one person, they make a fuss about sitting at a booth, even if they're all empty. Sushi and sashimi are not bad.
1	I went to this place with a friend who wanted all you can eat sushi but I didnt. So I thought I would order from the menu and she could take all you can eat. But no, the manager told us that if one person is eating all you can eat then others on the same table have to take it also. So, not having an option, I went along, thinking I'd eat lots of sushi... The waiters were slow and unresponsive, and took an age to take our orders. Then another age to bring the food, but wait, they brought us the wrong food twice before getting it right.The sushi was below average - for the price they charge ($26 for all you can eat) it is definitely not worth it. I will not be going here again. The ice cream was the best part of the meal... And lastly, their credit/ debit card machines were not working so we had to pay in cash.
2	Came in here with family for all you can eat lunch special. The bill came to ~$55 for 3 adults which is reasonable considering the amount of food we ordered. The sushi was nothing special, and the udon was either too salty or too sweet depending on which one you got (we had spicy beef and vegetable.) The waiter kept mixing up our order and we ended up with a check on our table but at least 5 of our items hadn't shown up. The only thing that salvaged this experience was the grilled salmon neck, it was very good and had a delicate flavor. I would only recommend coming here if you're looking for a place to fill you up with a large variety of dishes, the food was definitely not quality.
1	I hadn't eaten all day. I stumbled across this spot after freezing walk up St Catherine. I walked in because "all you can eat" sounds good when you haven't eaten in awhile. Came in no one greeted me just met with a blank stare and sat me at a four person table. Didn't bother to ask me if I wanted anything or advise on how the "all you can eat" worked there. The waitresses were extremely unresponsive and almost seemed annoyed when you would ask for something. The sushi was ok, definitely didn't make up for the bitchy attitudes that experienced. There's several other sushi spots in Montreal that you can choose over this place. I won't be coming here again and neither should you.
4	The food is good. But not the service. I will go back
