4	Silky's is a stand-by if you live in squirrel hill.  it has a pretty laid back atmosphere and is usually lively even during the week, which makes it great for meeting up after work for a few beers (wednesday is import night!).  plenty of room upstairs with tables and free wifi is you want to at least pretend to get some work done.  but by far the best thing about sikly's is their mini-shuffleboard table, which is way more fun than you would ever expect if you haven't tried it before (usual rule: losing team buys the next pitcher).
4	I usually judge bars this way: If I can get a real black and tan (Harps and Guinness, of course) it's a good bar. If it costs less than 5, it's a great bar. Happy hour is from 4 - 6 and every pint I got was $4.09 (this may vary depending on the beer of course). They have a great selection of beers on tap (for those who also think it's important: Magic Hat #9, Blue Moon, Newcastle, and Penn Pilsner Oktoberfest to name a few), and a surprisingly large menu. I had the prosciutto, tomato, and mozzarella salad - it was pretty decent, especially for a little Pittsburgh sports bar. They have a couple nice flat screen TVs for games (that I'm sure you can see from the loft-like second floor seating area), a plus for sports fans. And for non-sports fans it's fairly quite mid-day, you can enjoy their nice selection of music AND talk to your friends.Silky's is great for a pint or a dinner before you catch a movie at the cinematic manor next door.
4	This is an excellent place to get wasted while watching sports. I have spent a full 8 hours drinking at Silky's one day. That was a lot of fun. I recomend you try it sometime.You will get a good mix of people. Some Tepper studnts, some locals, some drunk underage kids who think you want to fight them. All in all, a good time.
3	This is another one of those places in which I'd never been to even though I live practically right around the corner.  I don't drink and sports bars just aren't my thing.  But my girl posse and I were going to a movie at the adajacent Manor Theatre and my friend Marla called me to say she was running late.  So since we didn't have time to eat anywhere else, we stopped here.I'm glad I did though.  I was in the mood for a good burger and you really can't go wrong ordering one in a place like this.  The Pittsburgher here is a pound-o-beef on a bun.  No thanks!  I could feel my arteries slamming shut with that one.  I opted for the Silky Burger with Swiss Cheese and raw onions.  Gotta have raw onions on my burger!  And the great thing is you can rationalize ordering a burger here by ordering a broccoli salad with it.  Right!  My burger was fantastic.So this seems like a good sports bar if you're into that sort of thing.  But it's also a good choice if you want a bite before or after a movie.
4	My fave local bar, ever.  Awesome bartenders and staff, with decent food and ice cold beer.  "Fist pump" for Long Island Iced Tea night.  I dig the local sporty vibe to the place. It is also deceivingly spacious: two-levels (upstairs is for eating) and the ceilings are high... the whole place is open, and feels like a cozy cabin.  it's never too crowded or too loud, but gets a nice draw of people.  Great place to watch a game, throw some darts, play some shuffleboard.
3	Nice selection of brews and good food. Gets crowded during games and on weekends, but its a pleasant crowd.
4	Silky's the place to go to watch a game and indulge in all the things you should not be indulging in.Decent beers on tap, Great wings! Tremendous burgers! Golden waffle fries and my all time favorite French onion soup!.I'm from a little ways north, closer to buffalo and we take wings seriously. I do wish that I could find a 10 cent draft and 25 cent wing special! We call it white trash Wednesdays and that deal can't be beat! So back to the wings. I like them to be extra well done and super crispy, no slimy chicken skin for me. The burger juices run down your hands and the wet wipes should be abundant. I can't even think about those waffle fries...well seasoned mouthfuls of light airy potato puffs.The french onion soup had me at the CHEESE! My arch nemesis in healthy eating. Spoonful after spoonful of goopy provalone slightly broiled so you get the cheese bubbling over the side. The best part!Get a seat at the bar or a high top table, there is always the upstairs but I prefer to sit down stairs where the action is. When it's busy there's not much room to move about, and they don't have the best of specials so it can add up to be a pricey game day. Highly encourage you make it there
4	This place has solid bar food all around.  The Silky Burger is still one of the best burgers of all time.  This is exactly the type of place I miss now that I am not in Pittsburgh anymore.  Many a Sunday I wish I had a Silky's around these parts.
3	I've been to a few happy hours here, and it's a really solid place to get a drink with friends.  I can't recall all their happy hour deals - we've usually gone on Friday and I think their special on that day is pretty minor (like 50 cents off beer or something), but they have better deals on other weekdays.We can always get a table at happy hour time.  The atmosphere is casual and comfortable.  Affordable food, which I haven't found to be terribly special, but it's fine as bar food goes.  We've had various appetizers (onion rings, chicken fingers, nachos) - the nachos are HUGE, as I recall - even our group of four had trouble finishing them.  I'm happy to live just down the street from Silky's, and I'd always be up for a return visit for a drink with friends, or to watch a game.
3	Solid bar food, darts and shuffle board. If they had some more big screens it would be a 4 star.
5	THEY HAVE BROCCOLI SALAD AS A SIDE.I love you.Good burgers.
4	Great time.  Not sure why.  Perhaps it's the people, and being pretty nicely drunk, but just had a great time.Nice brews on top, such as East End Fat Gary Nut Brown, cool shuffleboard game that led to some great laughs and frustrating cries, and the old internet jukebox that keeps the tunes rolling (although this night there was a bit too much DMB for my tastes!).The owner heard we were from NY so he got to talking to us he was from there as well.  And he was visibly pretty hammered himself!  Which makes me think there is a good reason for owning a bar, steady access to the free drink.  Good move Chris!Wrap up;Despite such a sparse crowd, this place still had a cool feel, and we will definitely be going back, on our many return trips to the Burgh!
3	Three and a half stars.  I'm not much into sports bars, but Silky's is a good place to stop at before or after a movie.  And my mom and I did just that, stopping in for a quick dinner before going to see "The Artist" at the nearby Manor.  Mom ordered the Fandango Chicken Salad.  Kind of a shame that the nearby Manor isn't on Fandango.com but that's another story.  Me, I went for the Cuban Chicken Sandwich-- chicken breast, ham, pickles, mustard and swiss cheese on foccacia bread!  Pretty good!
4	You can't ask much these days from a sports bar that is not corporate owned. Lazy wait staff, old fashion TV sets that give you a headache, no beer selection, but Silky's still does it. Hmmmmm? I want to watch the game, eat cheap food that i don't think is being made by Gordon Ramsay, drink beer, be attended to often by staff and maybe just hang out for a pint or two without getting hassled to leave...oh, I want to walk there. Silky's is a very common Pittsburgh sports bar, but what makes it common makes other bars suck it big. A very large menu for a sports bar, great beer and spirit choices, music that won't ruin the Pens game and fast and attentive wait staff.The owner is unbelievably approachable and will be happy to change the channel on any TV to accommodate you (It is a Philly bar, so tread lightly). The seating is ample enough for a party of 8 or a quiet booth for you and a friend. Weekly specials change it up and almost everything I have eaten there was way above par for bar food with healthy choices like wraps and cold sandwiches.The proximity to Forbes and Murray makes it ideal if you want to leave the South Side and Oakland crowds. Always top notch.Only one drawback. On weekends, good luck getting a seat downstairs in the bar area.Visit if you've never been, it won't blow your mind, but will become a staple for the same-old same-old.
3	Upstairs seating was comfortable.  The draft beer selection was nice and big as were the portions of the food.
5	I LOVE small neighborhood places like this ! I have stopped in here with friends in the past , but really never ordered dinner. Well , it was dinner time , ( St. Patrick's Day ) And .....Ok , So I'm part Irish. I ordered the Corned Beef & Cabbage dinner special.  This dish was delicious, very well made with the right touch of potatoes and Irish-e- ness.Well worth the trip for me. However , I'm not too sure that I will have many friends tomorrow at work , if you know what I mean ??5 Stars Guy's !
3	Great place to have a beer and hang out with friends.  The bartenders are friendly and helpful.  The food is okay.  We went recently and ordered the pizza.  Toppings were great but the crust tasted like toasted cardboard.  Absolutely no flavor.  Same with the fried zucchini.  It tasted like someone had deep fried styrofoam.  NO flavor whatsoever.  Use some salt and pepper folks.Great draft list.
4	Call me crazy - but this is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. After quickly growing tired of the South Side bar scene post-college, and dealing with packed Shadyside bars, Silky's always hits the spot.It is very unpretentious, and even a little unglamorous, but that's what makes it one of the better bars in the area. Their food is always surprisingly good and modestly-priced, and the draft list is constantly changing. Although they are listed as a sports bar, it isn't anything crazy like a Buffalo Wild Wings, and definitely won't make non-sports fanatics feel excluded. They are accommodating enough though to put any game on that you request.The reason I did not give 5 stars is because the ownership & staff often get fussy with anyone who sits at a table and doesn't order from the wait staff (who are often preoccupied or understaffed). Overall a great go-to bar, and the perfect fit for Squirrel Hill.
4	Solid 4 stars. Good atmosphere, great walking distance to everything, decent parking , fries are amazing, menu has something for everyone. A bit pricey. Sometimes understaffed which causes slow service. But all and all a great place and had nothing but good times.
4	The tap selection is decent. They had about a dozens drafts including breweries such as Great Lakes and Fat Head's during my visit.The atmosphere is a bit mixed. Some sections are rowdy (like near the table games) while others are tame (such as the upstairs).One of the downsides is that the kitchen closes before 11 PM.
3	Pros: 1) good happy hour specials2) decent food3) plenty of televisions above the bar for watching sporting events4) they allow children (pro if you like and/or have kids)Cons: 1) service is absolutely horrendous2) TVs are all directly above the bar (so if you're at a high top that isn't facing the bar, you're SOL)3) they allow children (con if you are a reasonable human being and do not think children should be allowed to run--nay, sprint at top speed--around a cramped, crowded bar) Overall, Silky's isn't a bad spot, but be prepared to be really assertive with your server or bartender if you hope to get a drink or food order within a reasonable timeframe.
4	Good bar. Good bar food. Did I mention good bar food? I simply can't say no to wings and they make a good wing! Also they have waffle fries and that's always a bonus. There's beer options and the specials are good too! Consistent each and every time I've gone. I appreciate a place that delivers consistently and again, I must say those wings are DE-Lish!Ladies, you're not going to find the love of your life here but you certainly will have a good time!
