4	Love Rosati's pizza. You wouldn't know it, but apparently there are two almost identical Rosati's chains in the Valley. The story is that the cousins of the original Chicago owners licensed the name to franchisees a few years back (myrosatis.com). This location is part of the original chain brought to the Phoenix area more than 20 years ago (rosatispizza.com). But enough with the history. The pizza is outstanding for take out. The thin crust is, yes, wafer thin and the Italian sausage is in big chunks as opposed to the rabbit pellets of other national joints. The stuffed pizza is a cheese-drenched meal in one slice. Sweet, chunky sauce with a bit of tang to it. But, what impressed me most about this specific place was the customer service. When I arrived to pick up my phone-in order, I was told it wasn't ready yet. They had made a mistake and were baking me a new pie. The manager was very apologetic and handed me a few cans of soda for my trouble. Sure, it was a small gesture on his part but now I know where I'm going the next time I'm hungry for some 'za.
4	I don't know what they do to their pizza but it is addictive.  I love, love, love the cheese they use and the sausage is fan-friggin-tastic!  I would give Rosati's 5 stars but they are a bit expensive!  Oh well you get what you pay for I suppose!
4	Only two reviews well over a year old?  Seriously?  C'mon people!  Rosati's is pretty darn good!!  And they deliver!!  I was introduced to Rosati's at their store on Thomas in Central Phoenix.  They had a good variety of menu items, appitizers, ribs, fish and chips, fried shrimp, salad, sandwiches and pizza and pasta.  Then when my daughter and I stayed at a local hotel and didn't feel like going out, their store in Awhatukee delivered right to our hotel room door! Their pasta is always cooked to perfection.....my daughter loves her spaghetti with butter.  They give you a generous hunk of garlic bread with it.  I love pizza.....and this pizza was unique to me the first time I had it.  A thin crust, cut in squares, with the toppings covered by a layer of cheese.  YUM!  Apparently this is another type of Chicago style pizza.  Their toppins are quality!  The sausage is delicious!!  It's got the right amount of spices and that gives it a nice flavor.  So tonight I decided to try something a little different.  I ordered their "double dough" pizza.  It's a thicker crust but not a super thick crust.  The edges are thicker than the regular pizza they serve.  This was the BOMB DIGGITY!  I had sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms and roasted red peppers and that was an awesome combination.  I also had the freshest ceaser salad I have had in a while.  Friday night is pizza night at our house and this one will be in the rotation for sure!  It's also nice to know they have been in business here for a while.  I'm all about supporting the local businesses and putting back into the economy when I can.  So come on people......try Rosati's!!!
4	I wouldn't have believed it had I not experienced it firsthand, but I've found a place that makes better lasagna and pasta sauce than me. I figured the pasta dishes were single-serving, and technically speaking, what I got last night *was* a single serving (as in, I ate the whole thing - lasagna, salad, and garlic bread) while sitting at the outdoor table, but 20 hours later, I'm still full. Eventually, I'll waddle back to try the pizza and other dishes (BBQ ribs, in an Italian take-out joint? ooookay...).I was a bit put out by the absence of calzone on the menu, but the order-taker-guy said they were considering adding them. The salad had a slightly odd taste, most likely caused by being rinsed in the Valley's notoriously horrible water. Otherwise, I'm definitely hooked.
4	I had their Cheef sandwich and an order of garlic cheese bread. The Cheef is an Italian Beef sandwich covered in mozzarella cheese! That sounded awesome on the menu and it tasted pretty darn good. It didn't have the best Italian Beef taste for my liking...but keep in mind I am a stuck-up pompous butt-head when it comes to Italian Beefness. The taste was great, don't get me wrong...I think anyone would agree. Also, the meat was stacked higher than Sears Tower...I mean there was A LOT of meat on this bad boy...tender, too. They had the peppers and stuff as is standard, plus the mozzarella. The cheese gave it a sweetness that surprised me. It compliments the flavor of the meat so well that I excused the downfall of the sandwich - the gravy. Two things make or break an Italian Beef for me: the meat and the gravy. The gravy they use is decent, just not top-rate...if they put a little more love in their seasoning of the meat, then this would be the ultimate IB. But still darned good, man. The garlic cheese bread was better than I expected. Thick and crusty and baked perfectly with gooey cheese and plenty of butter and garlic. Tasted good dipped in the au jour as well, heh heh. I had this delivered and it all came up to about 12 bucks. Pretty standard. I ordered, then called back cause I forgot to use a coupon and they applied it with no questions asked. Came quickly enough, around your standard 40 minute mark. Their menu has plenty of pasta options to make me try them again, as well as their pizza that I really would like to try...especially since its supposed to be a pizza 'pie' type deal or 'Chicago style'. And...is that sum Ribz I's sees on dat menu??? Good local food where I can get a decent Italian Beef anytime I want it.
4	Contrary to what most people think - Chicago pizza's are not all deep dish pies! I like the occasional deep dish but mainly prefer the thin crust that I grew up with.When I moved to greater Chicagoland, Rosati's was my most frequently ordered, as it was very close to my favorite small-town pizza joint. This place is true to its roots.Rosati's has great pizza and if you visit the store, the staff treats you very well as others have noted. The Big Cheef is an incredible Italian beef that I get when I'm really hungry. I recommend adding tomatoes, sweet peppers and some sauce! My wife and daughter love the lasagna.You won't be able to get one of those $10 pies the chains are battling over but the pizza from Rosati's will blow those guys away any day.
5	How do they do it? AMAZING pizza. I am drooling thinking about it. The best pizza I've ever had. Rosati's, please come to California! I miss you so!
4	I moved here from Chicago a year ago, and this Rosati's is just like the one back home that I ordered from frequently.  Consistent, delicious pizza each and every time!  One of my favorite pizza creations there(not on the menu) is italian beef with giardiniera...it's SO good!  I usually get that on half the pizza, and then I get basic toppings on the other half.  Extra sauce and extra cheese make the pizza perfect, and try out the "double dough" option for a slightly thicker crust experience.  Their "stuffed" pizza is also very good.If you like Italian Beef sandwiches, their "Cheef" is pretty good.  I recommend ordering it with extra cheese, and a side of hot peppers and a side of beef juice...it sometimes shows up a little dry, so that extra juice to dip it into is money!The staff is always nice, and delivery service is what you would typically expect at 45-60 minutes.
5	AMAZING!  Sooo  much like the Chicagoland pizza that I love so much.  However, make sure you tell them NOT to put the parm cheese and oregano on it.....it's too overpowering.  Without that parm and herbs, it is the BEST pizza in the East Valley
5	Been to this location a couple times now and always get the Cheef sandwich. There is no way you'll find a better sandwich for $6.50. The thing is huge and the Italian beef is tender and tasty. Gotta get it with the hot peppers and au jus. Dump that juicy goodness on there and bust out the fork and knife cause you aint picking that bad boy up. I keep saying I want to try their pizza but I have to get that damn Cheef everytime. They even screwed up my order last time (twice) but I gon't care. That sandwich is frickin good.
5	This place is awesome!!  This was my first time here and the food is grub!!  Sandwiches here are huge and is less than $8.00.  best bang for your buck!.  Be warned that these are no average subway sandwiches.  These will feed you lunch and dinner.  I got the beef and italian sausage sandwich which was really heavy and delicious.   Good Stuff!.
4	Awesome pizza for delivery. Top choice over pizza hut, dominos or any other pick up or delivery place. Prices are good too. They said it would be an hour but it got there in 30 min, no complaints with that.
5	Coming from Chicago this is a taste of home. The food is great and they deliever quick, fast and in a hurry.
4	The only reason they aren't getting 5 stars is it takes a little longer than I like for delivery.  Having said that, they have AWESOME thin crust pizza and the staff is really nice over the phone and so are the drivers that come to your house.  I have been searching for a good pizza delivery since I moved here from California and I have definately found it!
3	First of all, let me just say their food is fantastic. I love their pizza. I love their salads. I love the cheesy garlic bread and their chicken parm.What I don't love is the service. It never fails that we order for either delivery or pick up and something gets screwed up. We ordered salads and cheesy garlic bread for delivery one time and the salads came, but no bread. We called, they promised to credit our next order. Never got a credit.We ordered pizza (multiples) one time and delivery was going to be TWO hours. I know they're busy, but come on. So I chose to pick it up instead. They told me 45 minutes. I got there and it wasn't even cooked yet. I waited there for 30 minutes before it was ready. I had a ton of hungry guys at my house waiting on this pizza!!Last night was the last straw - we ordered an antipasto salad and chicken parm. We picked it up and get it home and we're missing a whole bag... no dressing for the antipasto salad and no dinner salad or dressing to go with the chicken parm. We called and they said they would deliver it but couldn't tell us how long. At this point, I had enough. We said to just forget it. Luckily we're moving this weekend and won't have to order from here anymore.
5	I have ordered pizza from this establishment at least twice a month going back 6 months now. The pizza ingredients are always fresh and the presentation is always scrumptious. The customer service, when I call to place the order, is always taken with a smile and they've yet to get my order wrong, not to mention the delivery service is quick. They always beat their estimated delivery time by at least 10 mins. I love this place.
4	The thin crust pizza is perfectly cooked and crisp. Delivery was prompt and the pizza was piping hot as if it just came out of the oven, impressive!
4	Just had Rosati's for lunch today. It was okay. Not as GREAT as it has been in the past. I picked it up at 20 mins (like they told me to when I ordered it), however, the cheese was already set. Once home, I began to chow down and noticed the pepperoni tastes  a little different. This is actually the 2nd time I've bought pizza and the meat tastes different. 2 weeks ago was the 1st time, so I don't know if they're switching up vendors, products or what? But when a recipe is perfect - you really shouldn't mess with it.I'm sure this won't be the last time I order from Rosati's. Other than the fore mentioned statement their pizza sauce and thin crust is explosively good.
3	This place is OK. Pizza is pretty darn good, but this place is too darn expensive. Not worth it in my opinion. If you have hundred dollar bills in each pocket, then this is your spot!!
1	The worst service ever. Got delivery the 1st pizza they messed up so called in and they asked do you want a new one made or a credit we said would like our pizza we ordered so over a hour later our second pizza showed up and the burned it so bad the crust was black. Called and talked to the "manger Eric" was very rude and just said well what do you want us to do. Ask for money back said fine and hung up. The worst customer service ever! Stay away from really bad management!
1	Very frustrated with delivery from this place.  The pizza is great if you pick it up.  But they have the worst service.  We ordered and it took over 2 hours and we still didn't have a delivery.  I had to make a call at 1 hr 30 minutes in so they can let me know that the driver got in a car accident...and that someone was just picking up the pizzas to deliver them.  We only live 5 minutes away.  We waited another 30 minutes and still no delivery.  I talked with Eric the manager who did apologize, however I shared that it might be a good idea to call and let your customer know.  After that he said it would be right there and was going to send me pizzas that had been sitting for over an hour.  That is very bad business.  We waited another 20 minutes (again I live only 5 minutes away) so I eventually called back and just cancelled the order and called Barros.  It's so frustrating because the pizza is good here.  This isn't the first time this has happened with this place...another time we ordered (not the thick crust--which does take an hour) but a regular thin crust and it took over an hour.  This is my first negative review and I apologize but it's almost 9pm at night and my family is really hungry.  I hope they can get their act together.
1	Okay...so I have to write an update because this is just strange.  I have to say that the general manager did call and gave me a 20 credit for pizza which is an obviously nice gesture if I wanted it.  HOWEVER....they actually charged me on the night I ordered and assured me it was voided.  I called back twice and each time they said the void should be coming through at anytime, it should take a few business days (which it was way after a few days).  SO I still have a $30 debit on my account.  I just called again tonight and was told I would have to call tomorrow between 3-5 to get it taken care of.  Really?  I have made about 7 calls to Rosatis to deal with this problem without a solution.  But hey...they have great pizza.
5	Ordered a large combo pizza with a thick crust & received a free cheese pizza for home delivery. Both pizzas were excellent! The combo had pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, onions & green peppers.  The crust was fantastic and the sauce was the real deal on both pizzas. The thin crust cheese pizza was also super duper.  We are Italian and are very particular about our food.  We will be regulars for sure.  We will try dine in next week.  Can't wait!
5	Best pizza in the entire PHX metropolitan area bar none, period. PERIOD. Slices available AKA Chicago tradition in the afternoon. I can't believe how lucky I am to live near them.  You'll hate every other pizza you've ever ordered before after one bite. The cheeses they use have just the right consistency, just the right amount of salt. The crust is perfect. We pride ourselves on feeding out of town guests with our own delicacies, but we almost always start with an original Rosatis pie.
5	Rosati's is one of my all time favorite pizza places, little secret ask for the stuffed white pizza (greatest invention of all time) all the staff is friendly and they know me by name when I walk in we tend to joke around with each other while in there, Eric the manager is as friendly as can be! Greatest customer service I've ever seen! Wish I could give more stars than 5
2	This is the SALTIEST pizza we've ever eaten!!!!!  We'll order Little Ceasars before we get it from this place again.  Service was good though, and the pizzas were ready on time.
3	I ordered a basic baked lasagna with marinara and a side salad with ranch. The side salad was fine but they didn't chop it up like I asked. My ranch was also warm and they took an hour and 15 minutes to get here. People are very nice over the phone and in person. My lasagne tasted incredibly salty and looked very strange. The sauce almost resembled chili and the lasagna was drowning in it. Every Rosatis I go to is always hit or miss and incredibly inconsistent. From Glendale to Chandler to Surprise, it either is great or just absolutely amateur. Take a guess what this one was....
5	Needed to get something quick for an office meeting.  A coworker told me about this place and she was right this place is good and the prices are great too. Great service, and great pizza and salads. Will definitely recommend this place and will definitely go back.
4	If you are looking for Chicago style pizza this is the place to go! We used the order online function and had our pizza in less than an hour. We ordered the 20" pizza - thin crust with pepperoni and sausage - it is huge!!!!We also ordered a 16" Hawaiian pizza - pan crust.  This was not my favorite type of pizza - thin is the way to go!  We ordered the 2 dozen wings - 1/2 BBQ and 1/2 Buffalo - they weren't the best wings ever, but good. We had 9 adults and 4 kids - and all the pizza and wings were gone!  The delivery guy let me know that there was a closer location for future reference.  I really find that to be an awesome experience... typical restaurants would tell you to call the other location... I really appreciate that they made the order and delivered a few miles out of radius!  So great!
5	This pizza is phenomenal, and I once ate pizza at least 4 days a week for almost a year (not proud, just establishing credibility...). The sauce is a perfect mix between salty garlic and sweet, and the stuffed crust not only was succulent, but I was full after two slices.Looks like there are some service concerns on other reviews (I didn't have any but it happens), but if you're looking for good pizza...these guys do good pizza.
