2	$5.00 for an iced tea?!  Okay - don't get me wrong - I really love tea but what started out as a simple tasting turned into a high pressure sales tactic that left me kicking myself.  I guess I should give the sales clerk for knowing how to make a sale. But when I asked her if my iced tea was caffeinated becasue I could really use some caffeine to kick start my shopping adventures.  She repleid no but you will like it anyway. Hmm - not sure that's what I was thinking 10 minutes later.
5	I am completely blaming my dear friend T for introducing me to this place.  I love tea.  I have always wanted to have that euphoric feeling often referred to as Nirvana.Now...I'm addicted to Teavana.T...you owe me $61.00.  (well worth it though, my mornings have never been so peaceful thanks to some blossoming tea!)If you go there...don't blame me!  Just add to the blame I have placed on my friend T!
1	So I am a tea drinker and have not yet been to this place.  I have heard a lot about it, so I decided to visit.  I was not impressed.  They will try to sell you nice looking, overpriced tea pots and cups.  I really don't need them.  To me, it's all about the taste.  Their single cup infuser is nice, but pricey.  Their flavored teas are interesting, but again, overpriced.  I had to ask for service, probably because I am not part of the target demographic - a 20 something individual willing to spend money for style over substance.  I will not be back.
4	I am not a huge hot tea fan (have always preferred "iced") but now after three visits, I am hooked!   SO many interesting teas and flavors.  If you can't find something you like here, you won't anywhere!  I love that they always have 4 or 5 varieties brewing in the store to free taste as well--helps with choosing :)The only bad thing is the price. Some teas run as high as $20 PER OUNCE! But, if you pay close attention, you can still get very flavorful and tasty varieties for around the $5 range as well. They also have some cute "brewing on the go" options that do not require the traditional tea pot and are practical and affordable.For sure my new "guilty pleasure" when visiting the mall at this location.
2	The staff here have no respect for the customer. Super pushy when I had to tell the girl twice that I just wanted to refill my tea and I didn't want to by anything else, then 4 TIMES I kept having to tell her the amount I wanted to spend, and she went over in price each time, I should have just said nevermind at that point and left. They will try and squeeze every ounce out of you and play it off like it's no big deal. When those little ounces add up fast it is a big deal and it's clear they have no respect for your money either. I don't care how good a product is, if it is followed by inconsiderate customer service that's a huge turn off and I will not be returning.
5	At the Arrowhead Mall, I walked in and was greeted right away.  I knew exactly what I wanted.  1/2 pound of Gyokuro Genaicha Green Tea (basically green tea with roasted brown rice).  One of my favorites!!!  Don't steep too long (30 to 45 seconds) ONLY!
4	Wild Orange Blossom Tea - could be enough said, but I'll elaborate a bit.  Was visiting the shops at Kierland Commons with my niece, who was visiting from Manchester England. A very polite employee asked if we'd like to try a sample of the best tea, not being a tea drinker myself, I thought it would be a challenge for Teavana to impress my British niece, who I consider to be the expert on tea. She has a special interest in Asian Tea Blends. Anyway, one sip of the Wild Orange Blossom Tea and we were hooked.  It's expensive, but something I've decided to indulge myself with. Love it !  Stopped in at the Arrowhead Teavana to refill my canister and ended up leaving with Rock Sugar and an additional Steeping Basket.  One of these days I'm going to leave that shop without spending $100 !!!
3	For the sake of transparency: I am a former employee, and worked at this location during the 2013 holiday season. So let's be real here. The tea is great, the product is reliable, but it's pricey. Some would even argue that it's too pricey, which I certainly agree with on certain products. Yes, the staff is always changing. I only worked there myself for a few months before becoming fed up with it, but that's retail for you. Employees are always on the lookout for something better. While I agree that the staff can be pushy, this is not the fault of the sales people or the stores management, but rather pressure from corporate to up sell every single order. Have heard recently that the sales process is undergoing some sort of overhaul (thank god) but I also agree, the pushiness can get excessive, and as a potential customer, it turns me off. The product itself is good, some teas are definitely better than others, and some are ridiculously overpriced, but if you're willing to spend the money, and follow the directions given to you by the staff, you will see the value of your investment, and have a tea experience like you've never had before.
