1	This place obviously got those poor puppies from puppy mills. The owner should be ashamed of themselves! People who shop there shouldn't be animal owner in the first place.
1	I was at the San Tan location today inquiring about the female French Bulldog. One of the employees was incredibly unprofessional and extremely rude. When my fiance and I asked to view the puppy in the private room, she said that only people with serious inquiries can play with them. She also gave us a bit of an attitude and came off severely judgmental. It is very unfortunate because we were definitely a serious inquiry and have been looking and saving for the perfect pet for over six months now. I felt that the employee was so rude because we are a younger looking couple in our mid twenties. It is unfortunate
1	I went in today to pick out a puppy for my husband's birthday.  I knew I wanted a maltese or poodle mix, and asked about the two females near the front of the store (apricot malti-poo, chocolate shitzu-poo). The employee (older white female, red hair) let me see the chocolate in a private room. I fell in love with her, but she wasn't "ready to go home" today. When I asked why she wasn't ready and when she might be, the employee was extremely defensive and rude.  I tried to clarify when I could buy her, and was repeatedly told, "I ALREADY told you, she's just not ready yet." Very disappointed, because this baby girl would have been the perfect fit for our family. I informed another employee about the rude behavior of the older lady, and she apologized, although she didn't seem very surprised.
1	I have been looking for a English Bulldog for a long time now. I go to this place 3-5 times a month just watching and waiting to see what comes in and if its the perfect puppy. I finally found what I was looking for but sad to say I WILL NEVER GO BACK INTO THAT PLACE AGAIN and won't be buying a puppy from them!! They have the RUDEST employees EVER! They are no help what so ever.  $5,000.00 for a sick dog and rude service I don't think so.
1	Against my better judgement, my daughter finally got me to go look at a puppy at this place after I had been telling her to rescue. Well, this place has no idea how to care for dogs. I cannot believe people pay those ridiculous prices and put up with the rude women in the store. Employees are very snooty and could really care less about someone finding the right dog. Seems like they are comissioned in some fashion.Again, why rescue is the way to go.
