4	This new store in the Glendale Antique District has lots of consignment stuff at extremely reasonable prices. I was pleasantly surprised to see that some quirky little stores like this one [which inhabits the old Rambling Roads storefront] are springing from the ashes of what used to be one of the nation's best antique districts, but which seems to be "in transition"--and not in a good way.We picked up a Hupa basket bottle [you hafta to see it to believe it] for just $100, and just the cutest 1930s mini bookshelf/curio/weird stuff holder for $130. Folks, this is less than estate sale prices! This stuff is priced to sell, unlike some of those "other" stores [and you know who you are!!] who place outrageous prices on everything thinking that some sucker is gonna want his/her item[s] SO BADLY that they'll pay anything for it!  Now I admit that the urge to drop way more than something is REALLY worth has hit me a couple times, but I've always managed to get a grip--peeps, if it shows up in a store once, IT WILL SHOW UP AGAIN SOMEDAY.So head on down to Glendale Avenue for this great little new store--BTW, the staff is pretty knowledgeable, one of the ladies has a couple of appraisal certifications so she does know her stuff! [guess I'd better get  back down there before all the good stuff is gone...]
1	Tried to visit the store on many occasions, tried to email the store, never answered, hard to write a review when you can't even get in touch with them to talk to.  Why have a business when your never open or get back to a customer.
4	ABD Antiques at 5809 Glendale, in Glendale, proved itself to be a tremendous surprise!  It was closed when we saw something we'd been searching for in the window - so simply called.  Our call was returned quickly.Elizabeth just isn't an antique dealer, she is a consummate authority on antiques and we find that rare.  Plus, the prices are, simply stated, sensible and fair.The China Cabinet we purchased is gorgeous.We will return for the learning and no pressure approach found here.  Nancy R.
5	I purchased an item at an ABD Estate Sale in Glendale this past weekend. When I returned home to use my purchase, I discovered that a part was missing. I immediately contacted Elizabeth, who assured me she had the part and would contact me as soon as she was able to locate it. Within 24 hours, I was able to pick up the part. ABD went the extra mile to serve me and I could not be happier. I whole-heartedly recommend them for any estate or personal property sale or appraisal. Great service and willingness to accommodate the customer.
