5	Wonderful!!!  I cannot recommend this musical more!!  I am a lifetime Beach Boys fan and fanatic and they totally turned the music into a great storyline!!!  My only problem with the show, (which wasn't enough to knock off a star,) was what seemed like the low budget of the performance. I truly believe that once this show gets more of a following and backing and actors that fit the roles a bit better, it's going to sky-rocket!!  I thought the best voice of the show was the younger brother... Kudos to him, he's going places!!Again though, nothing I saw wrong with the show was enough to knock off even 1/4 of a star... If you like the Beach Boys, are up for an entertaining show, head to Surf at Planet Hollywood!!!(P.S. At the moment, the tickets are buy one get one free for locals and it is way cheaper to purchase through their box office not online through ticketmaster!)  :)
5	Surf's up at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas! SURF latest musical here in las vegas.. I must say im not that big of a fan with the beach boys i know a couple of the songs but i freakin love this show! It sorta reminded me of a california surfer version of westside story.. The production was amazing with really awesome props! Love everything about this musical, from the casting to the props to the music.. And has a great story line too.. I highly recommend this musical. may not be for kids they may get bored..  age group maybe 21+..
5	I saw this a few weekends ago in Las Vegas.  It was so much fun!  The musical created a great storyline around the Beach Boys music.  The cast was fun and energetic and all were great performers. I forgot how vocally difficult some Beach Boys music can be, but the cast was amazing!  The backdrop is a giant LED screen, which was awesome as well.  Just wait for the ferris wheel scene; you will be mesmerized!  The theater is small enough so every seat is a great seat.  I highly recommend this show, especially if you love the Beach Boys.  It'd be a great show for all ages.
5	SURF the Musical is enjoyable, fun, entertaining and wow just cannot say enough! The Beach Boy songs are arranged and sung and arrange in a different way, but that does not detract from the songs. The costumes are fun and the supporting cast is stellar!There are several dance scenes (imagine West Side Story) that are really good and exciting. The dad Actor Robert Torti had the best voice of the group and he can really carry a tune! All in all and energetic, entertaining, fun show!! Plus as several other Yelpers mentioned...the Ferris wheel scene is awesome!!
5	I cannot articulate how much I loved this musical!!We bought tickets at the last minute (only an hour and a half before show time) because we didn't know it was still in it's preview stage. We assumed we would have quite a few days to see it, however most of the days listed during our visit were closed performances to preview the show to selected audiences.The theatre is a good size. We were in almost the last row (due to purchasing tickets so late) and I don't think we missed out on anything. The theatre is small enough there isn't a bad seat in the house. Now -- to the musical itself. I grew up with my mom playing and singing Beach Boys songs all day. Most of my favorites were in the musical which was a nice walk down memory lane for me. "In My Room" and The set transitions are fabulous. The props and the LED screen in the background is awesome. Some of the lines and songs choices, as well as dance sequences are a tad cheesy. I do think that the cheese goes nicely with the songs. Beach Boys songs lend themselves to association with cheesy jokes and snarky looks.The actors are extremely talented and the vocal talents do the Beach Boys proud for sure. If you love the Beach Boys or just love a good old fashioned love story then this is the show for you. I loved every second of this musical and wish I had another day in town to see it again. If it's still playing on my next visit i'll be in the audience guaranteed.
5	Really fun show with awesome special effects, dancing and beach boys music.  Went opening night and they had us rockin in our seats!  Not your typical vegas tired old cirque show, surf is totally worth seeing!
5	Surf the Musical takes the audience back to a more innocent time yet is just as relevant today. First, the Beach Boys' music is timeless and like Momma Mia, this is a true musical with some original song with the rest the Beach Boys' music.  The story captures the angst of young love, broken dreams and the loss of someone that is deeply loved. The choreography is great and the stage settings is done with hi-def tv screens and it really works. This is great for those who lived in the 1960s as well as those who only experienced this on the TV and movies. Go see it!
3	This show is quite enjoyable but there are some problems with it.  One of them is the story, or lack thereof.  There is a small story that moves the action from one song to another but doing over 20 songs in an hour and 25 minutes doesn't leave much time for a plot.  If you go to the show expecting you'll hear the Beach Boys, you will and you won't.  Some of the songs, duets for example, don't come across as sounding like the Beach Boys but that's OK.  Just don't expect all the songs to be like the originals.I did like the projection of scenery onto the screens.  In the beginning I thought it was too busy, but after the opening, the videos added to the show.  My favorite scene was the one riding the ferris wheel on the pier.  It was a stunning visual!The cast is a mixed bag.  In the beginning, I thought Brooke was a bit shrill but that changed as the show went along.  Some of Tanner's singing is just weak.  I wish they hadn't made the "fat" kid the nerd.  Why is that always done?I think the price of the show is also a negative.  I expect tickets may show up in half priced venues.  If not, the show won't last long.  Last night's attendance was awful.  Probably less than 25% of the house was occupied.  That can't continue if the show is to survive.  Perhaps they have full houses on the weekend.If you get a deal on tickets, I'd see the show.  I enjoyed it.  It's not a show I'd go back and see again like I have with most shows on the Las Vegas Strip.One final recommendation, if you go, get the cheaper tickets.  The theatre isn't a huge one and you'll be able to take in the graphics on the screen and see all the dancing and other things quite well.  I sat in the front row behind the VIP section, and I thought it was just too close at times.  I should add that I think the seats are the narrowest of any theatre I generally attend in Las Vegas.
5	SURF The Musical was great!  The cast is really strong and the "leads" are particularly good.  What I really liked was that you don't have to be a hard core Beach Boys fan to enjoy the production.  The special effects are something you have to see to believe.  There is one scene with a Ferris Wheel that will blow your mind.  I'm still talking about that scene with anyone that will listen; it's that good!It's also refreshing to see something completely different in Vegas.  Let's face it, those "other" shows are good, but they've been running a long time.  If you're looking for a high quality show with a great story line (writing is top notch), go see SURF The Musical.This is a great option for all ages due to it's G rated content.  If you're not singing Beach Boys songs after seeing this show during the remainder of your trip, you'll be the first!
3	Just announced: "Surf the Musical" will be closing on August 15th. If you wanna see it, better paddle out quick!
4	Just saw this musical last night! I enjoyed the Beach Boys music (over 20 are sung throughout the show), as well as the dancing and sets.  The electronic backdrops re truely new-age and high tech - very cool.  The lead actor can sing very well, as can most of the cast.  The house was only half full, but by the finale, you'd have thought it was sold out! People are on their feet singing and dancing with the actors that seem to welcome and love the participation!  Overall, I had a lot of fun!
5	I didn't realize how much i missed the music of the beach boys till i went to see this show this past weekend. My wife and i bought tickets online through a deal and got really good seats. Their stage has 3 ramps (1 straight through middle, and 1 on each side of the stage) that stretches out into the audience. The first section have tables were the audience can order drinks and be upclose and personal with the show, but the tickets i got were basically the first row after that section, so it was typically the rows and rows of seats, and we sat in the middle too, so that was awesome. I was reading some of the reviews for this show and people's concern was that there wasn't much of a story line, and i do agree with that, but i think the "story line" wasn't the important part, it was incorporating the music of the beach boys into the story! I'm not going to sit here and ruin it for anybody by telling them every detail of the show, but what i'm going to say is:1. Songs of the beach boys... alot of them, sang live from the actors, purely awesome. made me sing along with them (to myself of course) haha2. Very interactive, the actors don't just stay on the stage, they come down the stage and run along the aisles while they sing. 3. the backdrop is like monitors or some kind of screen where they're able to put whatever background the scene is. (ok, here's a spoiler, when the two main characters are sitting on the "ferris wheel" the background keeps changing as if they were actually riding up and down on the ferris wheel.Overall experience, 5 out of 5 no doubt.Fun for families, cause come on it's the beach boys music.you'll really get into it.
