4	I've been to this Starbuck's several times but didn't realize no one had ever entered it on Yelp.The staff here has always been pleasant and competent.  There's a lot of room for working inside and the patio has some tables for sitting out when the temperatures permit.  The free wifi is always welcome!When I'm in the area, this is where I stop.
3	Pleasant staffs. yummy drinks
2	This location is lucky that I work so close that I am forced to drive thru here almost every day. But they have put cream in my iced coffee at least three times when I ask for the same thing all of the time, with milk, and the wait is so inconsistent but generally expect to wait longer than usual, sometimes even up to 10 minutes! And whenever I go to a different location the drinks taste better. Dunno why have no idea but I am guessing it's the drink makers?
5	The coffee is always a great afternoon help! The staff is very friendly.
3	Being a full-time grad student, I frequent coffee houses frequently. This Starbucks was pleasant enough overall, but the lady taking my order had the personality of a lima bean. This location should put heir friendly staff as the first point of contact and leave the grumpy smurfs behind the counter, where they can make some coffee magic and not have to interact with humans. Also, the place was relatively empty, yet not one of the three ladies behind the counter thought to take a broom to the place. Not very clean and no effort to correct that. Our breakfast and coffees were delicious, though. No complaints there!
4	This is the starbucks that is on my way to work.  They have never gotten my order wrong, even if I went off the rails.  The staff is super friendly.  I like the girl with the glitter blue eye liner.  She always takes the time to chat while we are waiting for my coffee in the drive thru.  Generally, I think management has done an excellent job with hiring!
3	How apropos my 100th official review on Yelp is a Stabucks, as I live and breathe by the caffeniated wonder known as joe, java, mud, brew or other fancy nickname of your choosing. I used to frequent this location so it is very familiar to me. The service here is like the Katy Perry song "Hot and Cold" and I'm not talking about the temperature of your favorite beverage. One visit is outstanding, the next is mediocre. This location is ultra convenient if you are headed for the freeway, as it is located near Rancho and Bonanza with easy access to both the 15 and the 95. My latest visit found me waiting in the drive-thru for what seemed like an eternity with only four cars ahead of me. Granted, some of the delay could have been attributed to those in front of me trying to figure out exactly what it is they want or describing for the poor soul working the drive-thru what their favorite beverage consist of. In the end, the drink was to my liking and the service was more friendly than not. Nothing to jump up down over, just your basic run of the mill Starbucks saga with a bit of a wait. I'm quite sure my next visit to this location will be hot, as this one was rather cold.
5	This Starbucks is very close to work so very convenient. I absolutely adore this English lady with her even more adorable English accent!!! I love it when she takes my order. Every once in a great while I get a drink that's not mine but they offer a replacement and if I want a free one for next time. Friendly, clean and great service. "Can't get that with satellite!"
4	Not much to say it Starbucks $5 coffee and friendly service.
2	2 stars for being sooooo slow! Yes the staff are nice but being the 6th person in line , and waiting 15 minutes to order my drink?! That is crazy! Even the drive threw is slow! I almost went crazy a few days ago, because one of the girls decided to have a full conversation with the customer and her life!  I've been to this location 3 times already and all 3 have been a wait time of 20 minutes! Who waits that long?!
4	Everyone loves Starbucks, but what could make a Starbucks experience even more awesome? ??? An amazing staff that is always on top of there game friendly funny up beat helpful and fast compared to others in town !!
5	This Starbucks is the closest one to my work so it's super convenient. Of course, the drive-thru is perfect for me since I'm usually running down here to get a drink on my down-time or my lunch break.Been inside as well and the place is typically clean, not super busy. The manager has left his business card out on the area where there are creamers/sugars, so props to that person for being up-front to your customers.Also, my car once stalled in the drive-thru here and the barista working the window was kind enough to actually come out and push my car into the parking lot. Of course, I guess he was kind of obligated to since my car would be impeding the drive-thru had he not. But, very nice individual working there for sure.Overall, no complaints and I've never received a weird/funky drink here either, so definitely 5 Stars.
1	Slowest Starbucks drive-thru in Las Vegas SMH...ordered 1 medium frap and took 30 min to get it and only 2 cars ahead of me...
5	This morning on my way to work I stopped at a different location to get my coffee on my way to work. The coffee was AWFUL!!! I called the other location just to let them know as I don't usually complain but it was actually that bad. On my break from work I went over to this location which I frequent quite often. They were so awesome after explaining what had happened they made my drink perfectly and didn't even charge me even though I argued to pay as it was not their mistake. Thanks guys! This is why I always tip for good service
4	My favorite Starbucks. Extremely friendly staff and service. I love service with a smile and positive attitudes. As much as I go here, I'm amazed at how everyone is always so welcoming and courteous.  They would earn 5 stars if they weren't so incredibly slow with drive thru. I've spent over  20 minutes on several occasions! Of course I keep coming back,  I just prepare for a slow slog. Oh, they also are the few starbucks that get the Fizzio ales consistently correct. Proper fizz and flavor!
1	I waited 28 minutes in the drive thru with only 3 cars ahead of me. When I get to the window, my iced drink was made hot and because I was now running incredibly late, I took it anyway. I paid $5.03 for a drink I had two sips of and threw away. It's the most convenient location near work but I'll travel further to avoid a 30 minute commitment trapped in a drive thru with curbs on both sides.
2	well i have to say my drinks are always right. and the staff is super nice... but the extreme extreme wait is too much...  2 cars i from of me... in drive thru. i better have 30 minutes to get my coffee. it's just too much!
5	Super friendly staff and the place is always clean. They make a great strong black tea! I commend anyone who works at Starbucks in general has to deal with these wacky people and their "180 degree latte separated in 4 mini ceramic cups." LOL just sitting here ease dropping. I love this Starbucks, drive thur can can slow at times but always great service.
4	Drive thru!! need I say more. there is another location down the road near Charleston but I will drive a little further for the convenience.
1	While in Las Vegas for a baseball tourney we visited the store 3 times and I'll give them a strikeout looking. Poor service(appeared understaffed)out of most items, and dirty. This is from a diehard Starbucks customer.
