3	Me and my tummy have a very close relationship. The 2 of us are always in adventure mode, especially around my work zone. My friend Brian also has a very close relationship with his tummy as well though isn't adventurous at all.  So when he suggests a place I know that its going to be simple, down home and risk free. So after a brief conversation the 4 of us were off to Los Compadres. We were sat immediately which lucky for us we planned early since this place fills up really fast. Warm chips and 2 kinds of salsa are put in front of you almost as quickly as you are sat. The thinner spicy salsa was the better of the 2, my tummy agreed. While Brian liked the thinner version his tummy was like, oh hell no! Now getting down to business we ordered lunch specials and get this they are 4.95 - 6.95, 11a-3p daily! Talk about dine on a dime, Rachael eat your heart out baby! Ordered a C, taco, enchilada, green burrito with rice and beans. No what Brian order has me stumped. You see we were both distracted by one of the other guests, a very lean and handsome Latino.. so I didn't even pay attention to what Brian ordered.. I think it was an enchilada and taco or something. The food and service here are very fast and friendly. Though Brian said to avoid the bald guy's station that he's not very nice to his guests. Lunch was out in under 10 minutes so we had plenty of time to ogle over the eye candy only 2 tables away. When the food arrived it was piping hot! The portion sizes were generous and the smell was great! I dug right in.. the green chile burro was pretty darn good.. it almost had a creamy quality to the sauce. So I spilled some of the chile onto my tostada and in a couple of crunches had managed to woof the whole thing down. The taco was eh, crunchy but not very flavorful.My tummy was purring as we left.. I could tell our tummies were saying good things about us as well as our eyes. What a feast!
1	Bland, boring, "Mexican-esque" food. Warning sign #1: all white people dining there.Warning sign #2: salsa that's bland as ketchupWarning sign #3: no hot sauces on the tableThe three of us each had a different item from the lunch specials. Yet our plates looked almost indistinguishable from one another. On each was some configuration of flour tortillas, mountains of shredded iceberg lettuce, and a slick of pale refried beans, all topped with  orange cheese.You can get more flavorful "Mexican" food at Del taco. This place is more like Mexican't food. Ulgh. I want my $5.25 back.
3	Don't get this place mixed up with the sister establishment on seventh Ave, which is (for some reason) clearly superior. The food is passable. Not the best salsa. But ok. If you have the choice go to the other one.
3	Today is Administrative Assistant's Day, YAY, so our school's parent club took us all out to lunch here.  There were about 20 ladies all together and we arrived pretty much the second they opened.  They had a table all set up for us and ready to go.  We were immediately brought chips and salsa.The chips were very plain, but I kept eating them.  Our bowls of chips were never empty.  We only had one girl taking care of our whole table, but after a couple rounds of refilled sodas she seemed to be getting the hang of it.  We kept her pretty busy but she handled it well.  The kitchen however, had a little difficulty and there was about a 15 minute difference between the time the first person was served and the last person.  Oh well, we all got our food and it was all correct.I ordered the cheese enchilada and chimichanga (a mini one) combination plate.  The beans that came with the dish were sprinkled with cheese and very tasty.  They were surprisingly smooth and buttery, I'm not really picky about the beans.  The enchilada was a big fat disappointment to me because there were onions inside.  I thought it would just have cheese, because everywhere else I have gone and gotten a cheese enchilada it was just plain inside.  The chimichanga was actually really good to my picky palate.  The shredded beef was flavorful and juicy.  It was also covered in cheese, and that is always a good thing in book.  I could also do without the shredded lettuce on my plate.  I'm not sure what purpose it served.Overall, it was a pretty decent experience.  The food was fine, the company was fun, and the service was pretty damn good considering our large numbers and needy ladies.
3	I agree with the 'Village Inn" of Mexican food statement. I've been to the Northern location three times since being in Phoenix. Nico practically grew up here: him and his family have been coming for years and he even worked here in high school. I get the whole nostalgic thing. I've had the taco salad (unseasoned ground beef, yuck), chicken and cheese enchilada (decent, but nothing too fabulous) and the cheese crisp (very good, but could use some mexi seasoning). Chips and salsa are so-so, but again nothing to rave about. Margaritas are also just okay. What makes the place charming is the service. Nico knows them all and we get top notch service every time. The decor doesn't scream Mexico and I like that. I know we will continue to visit Los Compadres, especially when Nico's mom is in town, I will just keep trying new dishes until I find my favorite.I will also try the 7th Ave location as it seems to get better reviews.
2	ok. so i've been eating at the location on 7th ave my whole life.  decided to try the northern location.  hmm...upon entry, it looks like it used to be a chinese restaurant.  knowing los compadres isn't exactly upscale, the food is what i expected and i love their beans as i always have.  the salsa is different than the 7th ave location (at least it seemed to be) and i found that a little disappointing.the service...was less than stupendous. "are you ready?"  "do you know what you want?"  oh and my favorite..."do you want your check now or what?".not, would you like dessert, are you ready for your check, would you like a box or anything like that.  completely rude.so. i'll eat there again, but i'll get it to GO.
2	A okay for grandma and grandpa ..bring them on in they will love it.."real" Mexican food served old people style.  Service is slow but who are we kidding ?Grandma and grandpa  aren't hurrying anywhere  and they love spending time with you.  So take grandma to lunch and treat her to the cheapie lunch special , she will get to try out her Spanish with words like TA-CO and Enchee-La -Da... it will be a memorable moment for you both . Wheelchair accessible and close to Beatitudes nursing home ...make plans to visit your grandparents today.
1	Went there with my husband and 2 kids. We are of Mexican decent and in there all you see is white people. They look at you weird or you catch them looking at you and pretend they weren't. Now for our waitress, I hate when she serves us. She is so snotty and looks at us bad she seems like she has no patience for Hispanic people because once she turns around to a table with white people she is all smiles. I just feel so uncomfortable at that place that every time my husband wants to go I remember her. I gave it a last chance this weekend and still the same.  She's a white woman with green or blue eyes and red short hair.. just warning you if your Hispanic and you go there. If you are Anglo she will like you. Now for The food. . Its alright but doesn't have the real Mexican food feeling to it. The rest of the people who work there are nice and give you chips and salsa.. which I do like the salsa! Hope that if you go there you don't feel as uncomfortable as I do in there. The weird part for me is that I feel so uncomfortable in a "Mexican food"  and I'm Mexican. To be honest I do not recommend it the food is not worth going through what I did. Sorry Los compadres but I gave you many chances.
5	BEST MEXICAN FOOD in AZ. Personal favorite: chicken burro enchilada style, no garnish.
4	Oh Los Compadres, the memories we have.  I have been going here for about 15 years now and I stopped by again today for my faithful number 7.  It is the mini-chimi, cheese enchilada, & beans and of course it was great.  The salsa brings back memories of enjoying this restaurant and the atmosphere is business casual.  I love coming here on the weekend around 11am to get the brunch specials, I would get the Mexican omelet with beans, potatoes, & tortillas and man is that dish good.  The service is usually great, I think I can only recall a few times it was average but never terrible.  The prices are very good and usually spend about $10 a person with a drink.  The owner is almost always there and very nice.  It has become a staple for me my family and even my friends.
3	Careful when you order large. Cause while it says large, what it really means is huge. You won't be able to finish it.I like this place because it's not too fancy and doesn't put on airs.  Simple. Plain. Gets the job done.
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants. We always stop by here on our way back from the airport; it's a family tradition. The chips and salsa are delicious although I have to add a little salt to both. When I used to work near the restaurant I would have lunch at least once a week. David, the owner, was always there to great my party. At lunch the service was really quick. Now that I work on the other side of the valley I don't get by as often, but when I'm on that side of town I always stop by to eat. I love the Tostada Especial with Machaca Beef. Los Compadres is great when you have a large party. They are willing to seat you together and will also divide the bill into separate tickets. When it is a large group they are slower, but they make sure your class is filled and the chips just keep coming. Sometimes I get full from the chips before the food arrives.There is nothing fancy about this place just good home cooked food.  A party of two can eat for under $20.00.  In this economy that is a fantastic value!
2	Never again! Bland, boring, cafeteria style food. The beans tasted stale. The machaca beef in the taco was dry and tasteless. The rice has NO flavor. The only thing that was remotely good was the tortilla around the "red" burro which consisted of stew meat and beans. Nothing "red" about it. I requested the hot salsa to pour over everything just so it would taste like SOMETHING. Decor and customers are circa 1965. It was at least clean.
4	Wow, are the ratings all over the map for this one!  I liked their other (fast food) location, so I whipped in here to see what IS.  Now this is a full service, mid-sized restaurant, & was about half full of a perky lunchtime crowd when I arrived today.  It has only tables, no booths, but it was easy to find a comfortable spot to land, & the lighting & temperature inside were right.  Soon after being seated, I received a menu, a basket of ok chips, & two small cups of salsa... a mild chunky one, & a medium pureed version.  I liked both of them.Eee Gadz!!  The prices on the menu are alarmingly high, especially for weekday lunchtime!  For example, if you ordered a #10 Combo, consisting of a taco & a tamale, with rice & beans, you are already at $9.25.  I like 3 items, so adding a Chile Relleno, for example, at $6.25, brings your lunch price up to FIFTEEN DOLLARS & FIFTY CENTS WITHOUT A DRINK!!  (The same thing, for comparison, would be $8.99 at either Macayo's or On the Border in Ahwahtukee, both fancier restaurants in a fancier neighborhood.)     :-O..."and out the door I went!", as George Thorogood once famously said.  ...Well, not so fast.  A little blue card on the table offers a variety of "Chico" (little boy) specials for $5.75 to $7 something.  I ordered a #C, which brought a small beef taco, a cheese enchilada, & a smallish chile verde burro, plus Spanish Rice & refried beans topped with cheese.You know what? THIS order was an excellent value, & so was the taste of all the food, especially the fiesty burro!  With the chips it was enough to eat too, so I just have to give these guys 4 Stars based on my dining experience here today.  Once you run out of the lunch specials to try though, get ready to pay through the nariz to eat here!#C Lunch Combination Special $6.25PS:  The crowd here was ALL AGES!     :-)
1	this is the worst place i have ever eaten at. it was like walking in to a old folks home. the only thing that had flavor was my beer and they could not do that right. wast of my money and wast of my time. you are a mexican restaurant why the hell do u have a guy on the piano playing the girl from ipanema?
2	tasteless... salsa like tomato sauce. Albondigas lacked flavor. Enchiladas were like a quesadilla with tomato sauce. Unsual for this place. It used to be great. Not sure what happened. :(
4	"Although it is your typical Mexican food they do a good job of making it tasty at good prices. There green burritos are really good."
5	When I was a kid, we ate at Los Compadres at least once a week. It's still my favorite Mexican food restaurant ever. Food is ALWAYS delicious, consistent, well priced, and wonderful. The enchilada sauce is outstanding, wonderful tacos, yummy cheese crisps. Combo plate #2 is the best! Kids' plates are perfect kid-sized portions. Although I now live in Tucson, every time I'm in Phoenix I make sure I get my "Los" fix. We've even shipped dinners to my brother in DC. It's not fancy but it IS wonderful!
4	All I can say is that my hubby (a.k.a. the man who eats to live not lives to eat) RAVED about how good their enchilada sauce was.  I think we have found our new favorite go-to mex place.  AND, last night was JAZZ NITE...a bit weird ambiance for a Mexican food restaurant but WAY FUN!  Can't wait to go back.
1	My family and I came here for some comfort food. It had been years since we had been there. The decor, still looks like they are stuck in the 80's. Sadly, we will not be returning ever again. The food was horrible! And not just one dish, all 4 dishes! The green and red chile tasted as if they used an obsessive amount of flour to thicken it. The meat in the machaca burrito was crispy and burnt. I felt so bad for my cousin who tried to eat through it thinking it would get better, he finally gave up. Their rice, tastes like instant rice in the microwave smothered in tomato sauce. Sadly, we had really been looking forward to this visit.
1	This place is terrible. Might as well get some canned goods from a local grocery store and attempt to make yourself a "mexican plate". Never will I go there again.
1	This place is no where near mexican food. Everything seems to be out of the freezer or a can. My entire experience at this restaurant was horrible.
3	Family owned Mexican joint close to the office. Friendly service, seated me promptly during lunch rush.  Very pleasant staff.Nice fresh chips.  The standard salsa they bring is OK for your rice & beans but ask for the good stuff (habanero based) they keep in the back, nice scalp tingling affect! I never order specials - the shredded beef tack and bean tostado were quite tasty and had no unpleasant after-effects!Here's the Pizzaz factor for me - on WEDNESDAYS during lunch there is a piano player and his musical offering made a pleasant backdrop to snap you out of the mid-week slump!  Just added this to my Lunch date list!
3	Decided to try Los Compadres since they were mentioned in Phoenix Magazine.  I don't know who they talked to, but the food was OK.  I guess my expectations were higher because of Phoenix Magazine.  I had the cheese enchiladas, and there was nothing unique about them.  This is Mexican food for non-Mexicans.  I give three stars because it was not terrible...but, I can open a can of enchilada sauce and make my own.  Sorry.
1	I see why this place is not busy. Very bland food and just putting the burro on a hot plate does not make it taste better. Wasted that money.
