5	Just moved to Las Vegas and needed a place to get my clothes dry cleaned. Tried a few nearby places like Al Philips, Fazio's, and Boston Cleaners, but they were so expensive and didn't really do that great of job. I drove down Charleston to go to KFC when I noticed Polo Cleaners. I got to say that I was first skeptical about Polo because they were so cheap compared to the other places. I figured lower prices mean lower quality, but that is not the case. All my clothes come out great and they provide excellent customer service. For example, a button on one of my shirts fell off one morning and the next time I dropped off and picked up that shirt the missing button was replaced with a new one. I never even asked them to sew one on for me. The lady that works there also does alterations which is a plus for me because I get pants altered all the time. 5 stars all the way for me.
5	What you'd expect from excellent dry cleaning service. Quick, honest, and reliable. Alterations on site as well. Great location for those living in Summerlin area.
2	I was looking for a new dry cleaner so I gave Polo Cleaners a shot based on the positive reviews. I was disappointed by the high prices - $5 to dry clean a man's dress shirt, $7.50 for a blazer and $12.50 for a two piece suit (pants/jacket). The high prices might have been justified for same day service, but it was standard two day service.
5	I am giving this 5-star rating in regards to a phone call with the seamstress. She was polite efficient and friendly. Thank You polo cleaners for your Friendly phone service!!!
3	The service is always very good.Prices seem to be about the same where ever you go, so IMO it's pretty much about service and convenience.Polo definitely delivers.
5	Excellent cleaner. When you say no starch, they listen. They don't give you all that extra plastic stuff in the shirt collars so it's easy to put your dress shirts on in the morning! easonable prices compared to neighborhood cleaners. Very pleasant staff. Just wished they had one day cleaning, then I'd give them SIX STARS!!!!
