5	Bob and his team have cared for my three dogs on several occasions and have always gone above and beyond our expectations.  This company truly knows what customer service is.  There have been a few occasions when they have gone out of the way to perform non-pet related tasks.  These guys do it all when it comes to your pets, whether short or long term, simple or complex pets I would trust this company every time. You won't be disappointed.
5	Bob impressed us from our first call to him!  He is very professional and passionate about his work.  He came to our house to provide an assessment and we were immediately impressed with his professional appearance, his interaction with our two dogs, and the services he provides.  We initially had him care for Max and Shadow for a weekend and it has now grown to his team visiting our pets Mon-Fri while we work.  We no longer have to worry about working late or impromptu dinner dates after work as we know our pets have been cared for and are well!  If I could give more stars I would!  This is a great service and a great company!
5	My neighbor and I have both used Bob a couple of times to watch our pets.  I have one dog and an elderly cat.  Bob and his team cared very well for our beloved pets.  His customer service and communication are top notch.  Bob is friendly and very easy to work with.  My pets love him already!  It was very apparent when he dropped the key off how much they had bonded while I was gone.  I would not hesitate to recommend and use Bob and K-9 again.  Thank you K-9 for being such a trustworthy option!
5	Bob and team are great. Our basset loves him which I can really see when he does pick up and and drop off. Bob really takes the time to understand our dog, our home and family needs for the time we are away. While we were away and our dog had a skin care issue Bob made sure she saw a vet and was well taken care of. Bob gives you peace of mind while traveling, which is fantastic. We have used Bob twice and will continue to use K9 Convenience into the future.
5	K9 Convenience is a fantastic company! I have two dogs and travel pretty frequently for work which makes overnight pet care really important to me. I've found that not only is it really expensive to have to board both of them for multiple nights but they're typically really stressed out and anxious when I bring them home. It can take a couple of days for them to calm down and return to normal after being boarded. Being able to call K9 Convenience to help has been a huge stress reliever for me! I love that my dogs can stay home where they're comfortable and it's great to know that they're getting care and attention from awesome people who I trust wholeheartedly. I'd recommend this company to anyone who is concerned with providing their pets with the best care!
5	We have used Bob's K9 Convenience twice now. The big news here is that Bob and his team have come BACK the second time! You see, we have FOUR dogs. They are a handful! Bob took meticulous notes in our first meeting prior to the visit. He asked great questions and anticipated our requests and the dogs' needs. We even have one dog who doesn't easily warm up to strangers but he did fine. We've never experienced  a service coming into our home while we were gone but this service was very trustworthy. The extra touch of giving us regular reports (emails) was especially reassuring. We added one other request. We feed a feral cat who lives in the neighborhood and Bob's service did not hesitate to tend to the cat's feeding and watering as well. Bob's friendly demeanor is especially appreciated. Well done, Bob!
5	Just an update.  Bob and his team have come through again!  Even though Bob has grown his company (congratulations) his customer service hasn't missed a beat.  Regular communications throughout the care period and everything clean and in order upon my return.  Thank you Bob and the team at K9 Convenience!
5	We have had Stephanie taking care of our girls for about 9 months now, and they just love her and so do we. I'm not big ok writing reviews, but my Husband told me a story the other day that made me feel like I just HAD to write a review. My Husband told me he was in a meeting at work and talking to his team about great customer service and how that makes all the difference in a business. He used Stephanie as an example saying how she always goes above and beyond, in addition to the regular she cleans up after the dogs, brings the trash cans in, and believe it or not.. Sometimes washes a dirty dish or two. He went on to say that going above and beyond like that locks him in. If they raised the price tomorrow, he would stick with them 100% simply because the service she provides.I don't know if she does this just because she knows that I travel every week and my husband is home alone or if this is what she does for everyone, but either way they are the best and truly provide a great service. I get pictures and anecdotal notes every single day and it makes me feel more comfortable being away. I highly recommend K9 Conveience!
5	I was very impressed with Bob and his team!!!  After interviewing over a dozen different dog sitters (including several on yelp) after relocating from Florida I was worried I would never find someone I was comfortable leaving my kids (aka dogs) with.  I finally found K9 Convenience just a few days before my trip for Thanksgiving.  I read several reviews here on yelp and they all mentioned a guy named "Bob" so I figured I'd give a call.  Sure enough Bob answered the phone and was at my house that Saturday at 8 a.m. to meet the dogs and put together a care plan for my dogs.  It was important to me that Bob took the time to learn about my dogs because I have two troublesome dogs who are quite a handful (2 pitbulls with major separation anxiety).  I've had bad experiences in the past with dogs sitters so I was skeptical from the outset.  However, after meeting Bob and learning about his business philosophy (including the training he puts all of his employees through) I was comfortable to go on my trip.During my trip I received (personalized) daily updates about my dogs and how they were doing.  I returned home to find a clean home and happy, tired dogs.  Bob's team went out of there way to accommodate my needs - specifically, exercising the dogs in the backyard since they both have tons of energy and I exercise them on a regular basis.  I could also tell the dogs got a lot of love because they weren't as crazy as usual when I arrived home (which is typically the case with their separation anxiety).  Needless to say K9 Convenience is my go to dog sitter from this point forward.  Thanks Bob!
