4	This is a decent sized newer gym that is locally owned and operated. The staff is super friendly and the equipment is nice. They have plenty of aerobic machines too so you don't have to worry about waiting for one. I also like that the members here REALLY working out - it's not a social dating scene like some of the larger gyms. If you want to work out and pay a fair price to do so, I highly suggest you give this place a shot. They offer a week pass too if you want to try before you buy. They have 4 locations now and 3 of them offer childcare. They don't have as many classes as the bigger guys but the classes they do have are run well. If you need a personal trainer to get your workouts on track they got you covered there too.This is my first month at the gym but I'm liking it a lot. I tried another location they have at Happy Valley and although it's smaller, it's still run by a very helpful staff.
1	I joined but changed my mind the next day. The contract said I could cancel within 3 days if I mailed a certified, return receipt letter to the corporate offices. I did so. I also went by the club and gave them a letter stating I wanted to cancel. The initialed it and gave me a copy.  A month later I went to ask about my refund. They told me it would take "up to" 90 days. It's now been 90 days and I still haven't received it.It's "buyer beware" on this one, folks.
4	Nice size gym - family owned.  I've been a member for 7 months and still go several times a week.  That is more than I ever did when I belonged to large chain health clubs in the past.   They have newer equipment, most of which is usually operational (none are down for too long)  I have a great personal trainer (add on to my membership) and love taking zumba classes (included in my membership)   If you are ready to take the next step to a healthier lifestyle - check out Fitness 1 at the NE corner of Union Hills and 7th Street.
5	I've been to a number of gyms across the valley including LA Fitness, Gold's Gym, and LifeTime Fitness and this gym is by far the best! Everything you need without the hassle of a long term contract! Very affordable at around $25 a month. Friendly staff and personal training available as well. Definitely check it out if you're looking for a new gym!
2	I went with this gym because of the location and price.  They have the basics and usually are not overly busy. Don't expect any of the fancier machines (hip adduction or abduction or even a multi hip), the class schedule is nothing special, just the basic classed you'd see on a schedule...from 10 years ago.  I got a nasty surprise when I checked my bank charges today...the $19 per month I had agreed to pay has been bumped up to $29 a month without notice.  Just when you think you've found a non shady gym...
5	I was a ballys member for years in my 20s, and there is a huge difference between that and the membership I have at fitness one.I signed up for personal training sessions (i think $25-$30 per session) and it is worth every penny. My trainer is smart and keeps things interesting and works me hard every time.  They have childcare and I feel completely comfortable leaving my children with everyone that works in the daycare.  The management and head trainers remember me and my children.  I have gone to random trainers to ask them fitness questions and they are all sincere and helpful.  I really like their yoga classes, (Sayuri is awesome!)  The equipment is newer, all the cardio machines have screens and plugins for your phones and free wifi.  They also have an nice weight machine and freeweight section.  And I don't get the meat market feeling I frequently felt at ballys.Did I mention my husband and I have this with unlimited childcare for both my daughters for $29/month?!?!?  Yeah, worth every penny.
5	This is my favorite gym ever!! The equipment is nice and there is a lot of variety. I like how they have something for everyone. Can't speak for the classes as I haven't been to them BUT I am sure they are wonderful. The staff is very attentive and greets everyone that comes into the door. I feel like the gym and locker room are always clean and well maintained. I like the flow of this gym as well, if you are looking for a laid back gym with good equipment and good employees and an awesome contract then here you are!! We pay $19/month for two!!
2	Fitness one gym is an okay gym. It's nice to have a small gym with less people. The bad part is that it's pretty dirty. The yoga mats are almost black and all of the equipment is cracking or broken. I could deal with all of these things until I started getting rude comments from the staff there. I was given a guest pass for my sister, but when I brought her in, the guy was really rude. He tried charging us $10 for a pass that said "free" on it, then when I called him out, he was like "well we have to keep the electricity on somehow, so if she's not seriously thinking about a membership, then she needs to pay." How was she supposed to decide if she's never tried it before? She didn't even think twice about a membership after that. The other rude comment I got was when I was on a machine, a staff member said "you're going to have to start paying rent for being on that machine, you're just hanging out." I texted my husband while I was resting. I didn't know I was supposed to go at his rate, or stare off into space during my rest time, which is 30-60 secs. It seems like they're pinching pennies, and now I know why. I wouldn't suggest this gym to anyone. The manager is super nice though.
1	Well I'm reviewing this place and I have not even had the opportunity to work out there. I called to get some info on pricing and classes. I HATE GYMS for a couple reasons. 1. I don't use work out equipment I join only for the classes 2. I don't like the pressure you get to buy a better package or a trainer. I don't want any of that. 3. Some gyms are clean and some are not. I called because this location was close to my house. The guy on the phone was rude. I asked at least 5 different times and he literally would not give me any pricing over the phone. Not a range or anything. We started going back and forth telling me I need to come in and speak with him. Finally, after asking to speak with a manager and him telling me he was at lunch....I told him that the impression I've got over the phone was no good and I didn't know if I wanted to come in now...he said oh ok well I can tell you our packages start around $19.99 a month. How hard was that?! He didn't say bye he literally hung up. Wow exceptional customer service, makes me really want to come frequent your gym... NOT!!!!!
4	I have now gone to this gym 4 times, I have worked through all of my work outs of typical Olympic lifting.  There is a rack for cleans, deads and snatches if you so prefer. There are rubber drop weights so when you drop the weights the noise is minimal and the management won't tell you to stop. It lacks a row machine for cardio, but has all the treadmills and such you can put your little feet on. No pool, only downside. Last thing, and most importantly. The staffs pretty cool, not pressuring and relaxed. Also they keep the place clean.  I almost didn't want to leave this review because I like the amount of people that are in the gym through out the day.
5	I waited for awhile to write a review for this location since I was not sure how I would feel about a no frills gym after being members at the Village and JCC. After several months of working out here, I have to write that I surprisingly really like this place.I started coming here cause a friend of mine raved about Kathy Cole as a trainer so I signed to train with her. I must write that I really like training with Kathy. She is very consistent, always on time and very committed to her clients. She doesn't write anything down cause she knows exactly what you need. Each time the workout is different (perfect!) and if you want to work your muscles hard, she will give you want you ask for!!!  A lot of figure and fitness competitors train with her. She also holds weekly posing classes at this location for competitions. If you train with her, the posing classes are free otherwise there is a fee to attend. What a great perk!!!I also really like this Fitness 1 (don't know about other locations) cause the staff and trainers are super friendly and nice. It's a nice vibe to be part of when I'm working out. All different types of people work out here from casual weekenders to a lot as in mucho serious body builders who compete on a regular basis. I like coming here and seeing the serious competitors working out. It's inspirational to me. I see them and I think hmmm, I can do it too. I love that!!!If you are looking for a gym and live in the area, you will not regret joining this place. Seriously. Sign up- get going now!
1	Stay as far away from Fitness 1 gyms as you can.  The main objective seems to be money - not fitness.  My daughter and I shared the cost for 6 months of training sessions at the 802 E.Union Hills, Phoenix location.  There was a contract to sign and her debit card was submitted to have automatic monthly payments taken out for 6 months. All went well until Fitness 1 continued to take out the payment after the agreed time frame. Apparently there is some fine print somewhere in the contract stating that the money will continue to be withdrawn from the account UNLESS you submit a Certified letter (to the Surprise, Arizona  location) one month before the contract ends. So in order to stop the automatic payments, you must write and request auto payments to stop and send it Certified mail 30 days in advance to a separate location. That was never discussed when she signed the contract. It was never mentioned. When she called the gym to try and reverse the payment taken out after the contract had ended, she was told the auto renewal part was in the fine print.  In fact, the staff member at the gym responded with saying "most people here like the auto renewal, then they don't have to think about it." and "sometimes it just depends on what trainer you talk to whether the auto renewal is discussed or not."In the Certified letter requesting to immediately stop the auto payments, she included: "Maybe I am the only one that has been confused by the auto renewal, or maybe I am the only member that cannot afford it? Regardless, I feel as though it is deceitful to put that stipulation in the fine print and not mention it."She immediately sent the Certified letter to the Surprise, AZ location to end the automatic payments. She just chalked up the extra month's cost as a loss and her mistake for not reading the fine print.  Now it is the second month past the contract and a second payment has been automatically taken out - again!  This time it's causing a financial hardship. She is in the process of trying to get it reversed with phone calls and emails to one of the owners.  Fitness 1 has not been forth right or upfront with all the aspects of the contract and by not mentioning it during the initial signing of the contract - this is not only poor business practice and poor customer service, it is deceitful. The only silver lining of her experience in this gym was her trainer. He was personable, skilled and she benefitted from him. Shari G
3	Good gym  Equipment is in good shape and (aside from leg extensions) plentiful.  I would like to see the staff a bit more involved in the operations beyond selling and greeting.  Often the weights are all over the place (wouldn't be an issue if the muscle heads would pick up after themselves) and the paper towels and spray are too frequently out.
