3	My wife got a yellow gold necklace as a gift (from our kids, not me, I know better), but she wanted a white gold one. The lady who waited on me at the Flamingo location was very helpful. I basically traded in the old one and bought a new one, which was really a good deal for me. I've also bought my wife diamond earrings here at a good price. They appraised out fine when I moved and need an appraisal for insurance.
3	This location is on my regular rotation of Pawn Shops.  As I've mentioned in other reviews of other Pawn Shops, I enjoy shopping for jewelry at these places....great deals can be found from time to time.  This location has yielded a few necklaces in the past.  It doesn't have quite the selection as my favorite location (Valley View & Desert Inn), but it's proximity to the Strip makes it a must stop just in case a careless tourist decides to pawn something off that might interest me.Return Factor - 80%
1	The Management at this location is horrible and the employees lie in your face and deny anything they have said previously. The five foot nothing Latin male Supervisor/Manager whatever his "Important Underpaid" self title is was very unprofessional and rude. We found something we were looking for that was 2000.00 retail that we could buy for 500.00 which of course is a fraction of the original cost.We had a layaway that we canceled and were told we would get full credit towards other merchandise and the female agent told us they waived the $10.00 cancel fee.We decided to look at other merchandise then decided on keeping the original layaway item and just paying the balance to purchase it out right. Now keep in mind this all happened within the same visit within 20 minutes or so.We see they added the $10.00 to our balance and I inform the lady who just told us they waived the fee that it is added. She looked at my bf and I ands says yes you owe the 10.00 even though you canceled and then decided on purchasing the original item the same day.We said what do you mean as you informed us you waived that fee as a courtesy less than 10 minutes ago??????????? She looked at us both even though we both heard her and denied it. Then her "Manager" comes over and says no you are paying it I am not waiving anything! I told him I will spread word on this type of negative and dishonest service they provided me and he replied, ok go ahead and walked away. Wow, I have never been treated so bad in my life for making a purchase.Wow so you mean to tell me they are not going to hold their employees accountable for what they inform customers? Bad, Bad, Bad!We know is only $10.00 however it is the principle of the matter, dishonest employees with Managers that will back them up when they have mislead a customer is wrong.We just made a $500.00 purchase and they chose to lose a future sale over $10.00? Not a very smart or savvy way to operate a business at all as there are way too many other places to do business with in Las Vegas.I will not do business here again EVER and I will let everyone I know hear my story!  This could have been a nice business transaction however they chose to make it ugly which is most unfortunate.The 1 star is for the only employee in the store who treated us good and that was Tony. Thank you Tony for doing your job it is a shame you have to work for such Assclowns though.
3	Time to update my review.  This pawn shop is still one of my 'go to' shops in Vegas if you're looking for jewelry or cameras.  Whenever we come back to Vegas, we stop by here to see what they have.  On our most recent trip, we bought a few pieces of jewelry.  We'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 80%
1	Came here to purchase an iPad a couple days ago and the sale went smoothly with Vargas. He gave great service. We found a something wrong with the iPad so we decided to exchange it, and we did the transaction with my credit card. My bf called to see if I had to be there for the exchange and the lady he was talking to said no, it shouldn't be a problem if it's just an exchange. So he goes in without me and an older lady (not going to mention her name) says that he is not able to do the exchange without me, and he told her that the other lady said it would be fine but the older lady said "she's new and she doesn't know anything..." Seriously. So whatever, we come in today and it's the same old lady he had an encounter with yesterday that "helped" us. He found something else, blah blah blah, she needed the manager for something and all he did was ignore her. He was a short asian guy. This place needs to get it together, I'm sure it's not everyone in here but they all need to be on the same page.
