5	This place totally changed my mind about pawn shops. I used to think they were dirty & grungy... but the people here are extremely professional and helpful.Came to sell an old gold band since I wasn't wearing it. They inspected it by scratching part of the outside to see whether it was 14k or 18k etc.. There was a small diamond on it as well so an appraisal guy came out to help. He was so nice and offered me a nice amount. I even haggled a little and got more than I expected. I went to other local jewelry stores and they offered half the amount I got here. The place is clean and the service was great.
4	Very friendly & helpful over the phone! Have not been in store yet, but I called to get an estimate & was very happy with the customer service I recieved.
1	I walked into the store wanting to sell a 14k gold ring.  I had checked the per gram price online 3 times during the day so I had a good grasp on the value of the ring, so I was surprised when the offer came in $100 lower than the value.  I was expecting to lose some value because hey it's a business but that's insane to offer such a low value.  They were nice and the store was clean but I'd still recommend calling around before you do business with them.
5	Great place! We had some old jewelry that we weren't wearing anymore and decided to get rid of it. Unfortunately, we were nervous about going a regular pawn shop. I had read some great reviews about this place on Yelp, and decided to check it out.Positives:-In a great neighborhood-Friendly staff-They just write you a personal check there--no unnecessary forms.Negatives:-I thought it was worth a little more, but I didn't mind and knew that was the nature of the industry.Overall, definitely a good place to go.
5	I was looking to get rid of some pre-64 silver coins. I checked three other places before I went here. One place offered me the bare minimum they could reasonably offer, another place offered face value (!?), and yet another said they only accept pre -1865 (?!!?). This place was friendly, knowledgeable, and offered way more.Go here if you need to sell gold or silver. No reason to travel from place to place and waste your time and gasoline. 'Nuff said.
