5	I love roller coasters! I don't scare easily and X-Scream is the ride which has come the closest to defeating me!X-Scream is one of the thrill rides perched on the top of the Stratosphere Tower, which is the tallest tower west of the Mississippi. The height of the rides turns some fairly ordinary rides into real terrorsThe first experience most people get of X-Scream is when their silent contemplation of the view from the indoors lower observation deck is rudely interrupted by a loud bang, some screaming followed by the sudden appearance of some people hanging over the edge of the tower, seemingly about to plunge several hundred feet to their deaths!!X-Scream is a simple ride - a see saw along which travels a car. You get on when it's at the back, then the see saw tilts forward and you rush down the track and it looks like you're going to plunge over the edge. The see saw then tilts up and down and the car moves but it's the first plunge which makes sudden religious converts of most people as they contemplate sudden death!You access the ride from the upper observation deck. Coming into the open adds a sense of raw reality to the rideThe first time I came up the tower, I actually couldn't make myself get on the ride and I had returned to the bottom of the tower when I forced myself up again and onto the ride!Try it if you dare!!!
4	This was quite a thrill, especially when the ride starts accelerating and it feels like you're about to topple over the edge of the Stratosphere. Then it stops suddenly and you roll backwards and do the whole thing over again. Definitely buy the picture afterwards, your faces will be priceless!
1	*yawn*They should call this ride "X-YAWN*Yea, yea, yea... It is located at the top of the Stratosphere tower, but so what?  This ride was expensive and it is LAME!  It is like riding a see-saw.  They tip you forward, you move forward... they tip you backward, you move backward.  Bleh.Waited in line for the front row.  Was hoping this ride would be a ride of my life, but was bored out of my mind during the whole ride.  Didn't feel any acceleration whatsoever.  TOTAL WASTE OF MY MONEY...
4	I live in Las Vegas and I'd sometimes look up at the rides on top of the Stratosphere and tell my friends they would never catch me getting strapped into one of those contraptions. And yet there I was last night doing just that. I'm a rather tall, portly gentleman so the seat straps didn't quite fit, which made the X-Scream all the more terrifying. I recommend this ride...  I've never come across anything like it.
1	All you have to do is look of the faces of people riding this bore on Youtube to know you have seen people pushing shopping carts through the supermarket look more excited. It is the first three seconds and the last three seconds of any roller coaster you have been on...the two most boring parts. It must achieve whopping speeds of 8 miles per hour. I seriously believe Bob Stupak who owns this hotel hires people to write reviews that this so called coaster is "too scary to ride." "Oohh what if it breaks? think of the liability!", "I was scared to death through the whole experience"  I love the one here "Be sure to buy the picture".I sincerely believe they designed this coaster with high head supports to appear that riders have their hands up in the air. Because no one ever has their hands in the air. The are too busy shrugging, "that's it?"Why else would you make head supports extend two feet over the heads.It serves no function other than to block the view of everyone behind the front riders. And to make it look from the ground that the ride is full when its mostly empty.
4	Minus a star since I wanted the front seat :( Great heart stopper ride. Darts out over the edge of the tower and stops right before going over lol. It gives you the sense you are actually gonna go over, and you feel like you are, even though you aren't. Hahahaha Just ride it and hope you don't crap your pants. GET THE FRONT SEAT FOR THE BEST THRILL! WAIT FOR IT, WELL WORTH IT.Visited Aug 2011
3	Nice psychological torture concept but bad execution.  That pretty much sums it up.  Yes, you have or are supposed to get the false sense of impending doom when they send you slightly over the edge of the building and pull you back and send you further over, and pull you up and have you softly slam down a bit over the edge. However, if you want to get the most out of this ride, please for all that is holy, sit in the front as it is pretty much completely necessary to get the point of this ride. This is not at all like sitting at the front of a roller coaster because you get an extremely similar experience in any seat on a coaster (other than variation in G-forces).  On the X-Scream however, you really need to be in the front or right behind it at the very least to get even close to the experience and the whole point of the ride. What the creators should've done was make the seats all on the same line so that all riders would have the same view and distance from the edge as that's the point of the ride.  Also, they should've made it a longer track so that the riders do not feel the rapid deceleration so quickly and have more speed and time to think about going over the edge. Additional sense of slipping and sliding off by making it slightly chaotic in the end would've been nice too.
3	I've been living here a year and a half, had a friend in town and she wanted to go check it out-so what the heck! I only put 3 stars because it wasn't long enough and not the ride I originally went for. Went on a Sunday afternoon, about 70 degrees, gust of wind blue sky. Parked in the airport parking looking thing, and made our way to the base of the tower inside. *note* don't follow signs near the main parking lot-go through the casino, otherwise you have to make a small trek that takes you unnecessarily through all the upper shops. Seriously.Stratosphere was pretty chilled and laid back atmosphere compared to how it is usually brimming with people, and convention types..but still had your standard college and "weekend warrior" crowd running around. Had a 2-for-1 ticket from the Las Vegas Locals 2012 Entertainment book I had sitting in my house I hadn't barely used. Normally $23 a person- so we got 50% off -Sweeeet! No Big Shot or Insanity because its gusting?!?! LAME!  at least put it on the website! When you purchase ride tickets, your ride up to the deck is complimentary. Be prepared for a small TSA-like experience right before you get in the elevator to go up.Inside we were greeted by a cute, funny little old Filipino man who was spitting out the normal spiel he's probably said a million times about the Elevators speed or something, but couldn't quite make it out through the broken English. Dropped off on the floor with the Level 107 Air Bar, and made an unnecessary circuit around and stopped and took a picture. Realized we had walked right  past the second elevator on our way-tucked purposely in the gift shop. Waited for another elevator and went up a few more floors. Got to the rides and there was no one in line and proceeded right to outside and the view is pretty spectacular! The Big Shot looked awesome but ah well, take the next best thing. The attendant strapped us in (front seats YES!) and there were two other couples sitting behind us. My companion was already clenching the tiny hand guard on the seat. The gate lowers, and the guide tilts 20+ feet over the edge and you feel weightless for a split second, and at the last minute, air brakes kick in and bump you against the rails. A surge of adrenaline rush hits you and as it resides they lure you into a false sense of security and pivot the guide an additional tilt. Niiice.....Ride resets and then does it a second time. By the third time you want to not hold the rail and put you hands in the air...but alas...no more ride-two times and that's it. I felt a little bit gypped and feel as though 3 go's should be the standard-not 2. Ride was almost over quicker then it started.But...all in all a pretty fun experience feeling like your gonna go over the edge for a split second in your brain...and the adrenaline rush as you cling on to dear life! Definitely sit in the front seats, otherwise it's a waste, and I would go midday so you can take some great shots of the surrounding area while your waiting in line.Definitely worth 2-for-1, don't know if I'd pay $23 for a single ride. Check some cabs and magazines for discounts for the rides-don't drop full price anywhere in Vegas if you can help it. Be prepared to shell out $20-$60 bucks on picks of you screaming and right before you launch, which I got cause I'm a sucker for pictures and the girl I was with. I was thinking about the key chain-maybe next time.  I can't remember if it was one elevator or two going back down, so be sure to get your pics and hit the observation deck on the way up on the way-otherwise you might miss out.Hope you liked my review!
3	First off, it's not really a roller coaster. It's more of a dangle-you-up-really-high-as-you-rock-back-and-forth ride. And for that, it was okay. But the wait for it was ridiculously long for me when there was a sick passenger before me. There was a lot of calling back and forth with the manager before they escorted the person off. That said, the ride was okay.I say it's okay because I guess I was expecting more. It's a bit thrilling, but I think the scenery was particularly nice (looking down the Stratosphere with no windows). And for a see-saw ride, it's quite smooth.
4	X-Scream is the perfect name for this ride. X-Scream was my favorite ride on top of the Stratosphere. The thrill from X-Scream was priceless. It really seems like you're about to fall off the side of the Stratosphere. My heart was pumping fast on my first time riding X-Scream. It would be cool if the staff took your picture while the ride was in motion. Pictures are taken before the ride lift off. Riding in the front seat is the best thrill. If you have to wait a little longer to get the front seat, it's worth it in my opinion. Kudos to whoever built this ride. If you like intense thrills, do yourself a favor and ride X-Scream.
2	Ehh- it was ok.  My least favorite of the three rides on top of the Stratosphere but luckily I purchased the day pass and was able to go on the other rides and go back at night.  Only rode this once and actually seriously hurt my neck because I didn't keep my head back against the head rest like an idiot.  It's a cool concept to go over the side of an extremely tall building, but it definitely wasn't as thrilling as I hoped.  If you get the day package it's worth trying, but if you are looking to pick one of the three I would highly recommend either trying Big Shot or Insanity instead.
4	This ride was fun, we were the only ones on it so we got to sit in the front. I don't think it would have been as scary if we hadn't sat in the front. Definitely catches you off guard and gives you a little thrill.
5	It's tame, but the feeling you get when you think you're going to fall 900ft to your death is such a rush.
