5	"Procrastinator's Passport Paradise"Before you book that out of country vacation, business, or mission trip, make sure you have your passport up to date.  That was problem number 1.  However, I found this Procrastinator's Passport Paradise, the answer to a common dilemma by many travelers, hidden resource in Tempe.  This place will save you from making the trek down to Tuscon (which is the only other place in all of AZ) if you need a 24-48 hour turn around on your passport renewal.  Search the web and you'll find out that there isn't any place else in Phoenix area.  While you do pay a premium for expedited services, it isn't outrageous.  I spent another $132 for a 1 week turnaround, which includes overnight postage to and from Washington DC (Government fees was $170).  Of course you'll pay less if you do not need the expedited service.  Despite the dodgy exterior and basic dated interior, this place has provided professional reliable service for at least 10 years.  This is the same place that is recommended by the lady that works at Passport Center at ASU Tempe Center, which was not able to provide any service faster than 14 business days.  They do provide three computers to fill out the electronic forms and even can take your necessary passport photos.  But of course this can be filled out ahead of time. Just click this link http://travel.state.gov/passport/get/first/first_830.htmlIf you find this funny, useful, or cool, please click accordingly.  Safe travels.
5	Abdu has been running his passport and visa service for years and as a million miler on a few airlines I have come to rely on access passports just getting done what needs to be done for passports and visas.  They are worth every penny and than some.
5	This business deserves more than 5 stars!  My daughter (an ASU freshman without a car on campus) had her passport stolen/lost by UPS and she needed another one ASAP in order to take some school-related trips this upcoming summer.  Abdu was beyond helpful in getting her passport in only three days,  He even opened his office on Saturday to make it convenient for me to get our business completed before I had to catch a flight back home later that afternoon. I was able to transport her back to his office to sign her new passport then Adbu prepared a FedEx envelope for her to send the passport on to a visa processing center in Washington DC.  He knew I was very worried about the whole situation and did everything he could to help us out.  I HIGHLY recommend his business for all of your passport and visa needs!! GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!
5	Abdu was great, from when I walked in he guided through the entire process with the government. Even with out expedition it only took 9 days to get my passport for my trip. The fact he only charges $100 is a bargain for peace of mind knowing it'll be there shortly is well worth the cost. He could easily charge more for the same service. Thanks, Abdu.
5	They delivered even faster than I expected.  Price was fair and everything was done in a professional manner.  Even the ladies at the passport office knew of this business and said I was in good hands.
5	I thought they were pretty great. They did exactly as they said, very promptly and professionally. I think the prices could be lowered a bit, but still, everything got done in a timely manner and I'm pretty satisfied with the service. It was also nice that they did both passport and visa services in one location, and they were able to connect with not just their usual office in LA, but also had a connection in Houston (which I needed because I am from FL). Great job! Now just lower your prices;)
