2	If at anytime in this area of the city and someone says to me, "Go to GetGo."My response to them is going to be, "Aw Hell NO!"This location is a nightmare to get into or out of.  Cramped is an understatement.  If you park in one of the parking spots, forget about getting out for at least a half hour.  I just stopped to use their convenience store, wasn't very convenient.
1	Eff this place. It's got a one way ticket to hell in a hand basket.
4	The people who complain about this place are missing the point - This is by far your best bet in a gas station or convenience store within several miles of this place. Yes, it always crowded, which makes sense considering it IS the best gas station or convenience store within several miles!!! I would never go out my way to go here, but if I need gas or milk while passing through Wilkinsburg - and I frequently do - this is the place to go.It is more of a small grocery store than a convenience store really - they have fruit and meat and a lot of other grocery items.  They have baked goods and sandwhiches made to order. It was just recently remodeled.I bet they wish they bought twice as much land and built a bigger place because the customer volume could clearly support it.
4	I prefer Sheetz to GetGo, but Sheetz is nowhere on my trajectory. GetGo is almost always crowded, and parking can be a bummer. However, it is the least crowded location I've been to.The cashiers here are generally super sweet and pleasant. When they are rushing, they get cranky but so would I.The store is typically clean and stocked with quick snacks. I love their fountain sodas. Their machines work and have the right amount of syrup and fizz. If you have rewards, you can get some amazing fuel perks. This is probably the best reason to go to GetGo! I go here often, and I will probably continue to for sometime! I recommend it if you are in the area.
3	It's cramped. The parking lot is small and it may take a while to get a gas pump during peak times. It's a popular spot. I do wish they would control the loitering though. I always see the same people just standing around the store when I am there.
