4	We just stayed at this Comfort Suites this past weekend.   We were booked into a 2 story room, which was so nice when traveling with kids.We had an upstairs room, with a king-size bed and our son slept on the queen size sofa sleeper.   This room will also a accommodate an extra roll-away, so sleeps up to 5!   There were 2 bathrooms as well.  Ours had a 2 person whirlpool, too.The rooms were very clean and inviting.  They also serve a free breakfast each morning.   In the afternoon, they offer a happy hour (5-7:00), with 2 free drinks per adult in room.     We were staying in an upgraded room, so we each were entitled to 4 drinks each.   We chose to order sodas for our son, which also counts towards the drink limit--or we wouldn't have been able to walk!!I would have rated them with 5 stars, but the young girl that worked as the bartender on Friday, really had a zero personality.   She was more interested in texting or playing with her phone.  The guy that bartendered on Saturday was very friendly.  Hopefully,  they can see that difference being reflected in the amount of tips they receive.
4	While the rooms are showing their age a bit, everything else about this hotel is exceptional. The staff is friendly and helpful, the beds comfy the rooms clean. Free booze on weeknights and a decent breakfast. Plus they are pet-friendly, something hard to find these days. We have stayed here before and will again!
4	I like this place. Stay there a lot for work. They have some nice little perks like drinks after work and afternoon snack (cookies!). They are really nice and the rooms are clean, somewhat updated (dark but updated) and have plenty of room. Beds are comfortable.
1	Very disappointed and couldn't sleep. This is the place to stay if you want to hear a loud party outside your room. There is a bar very close that plays live music thurs-sat until 2am. it practically makes the building shake. I complained and there wasnt anything they could do. I at least wanted ear plugs!!!! I would book a hotel further from that bar in the area; avoid this one!!!! Plus there was hair in the shower when we got here... Gross!!!!
4	Stayed here for work. - Didn't notice as much noise as some previous reviewers did, and I stayed close to the bar. You can hear people talking as they walk by if they are loud, however.- Love the whole look of the place. It all kind of melds together into a nice, vintage-yet-not feeling. - Got a drink card for their happy hour. Apparently they will bring some food over from Benvenuto's (over at Holiday Inn).- Benvenuto's delivers, however charges an 18% service fee. You can charge the food to the hotel room.- For EPIC people, there's a daily shuttle there and back, and to the airport from EPIC. The drivers are super friendly.As odd as it sounds, I appreciate that there's a placard explaining that they have two different types of pillows on the bed. The downside for me, at least, was kind of the lack of things within walking distance. However, I've had this issue at another hotel in a different area, so it may just be a Madison thing in general.Would stay here again.
4	I have stayed at this hotel several times for business.  The staff is always friendly and I never have any problems with the rooms or getting any sleep.  I usually stay here about 5 or 6 times a year and have left happy every time.  Obviously, the open bar from 5-7 is a huge plus.  I haven't ventured into the pool or hot tub, but from walking by it looks nice.  The breakfast they include in the morning has everything you might need and includes a hot egg option and a hot meat along with your usual hotel breakfast options.
