4	Dropped by here to watch the Habs lose a game in spectacular fashion. What I find about this place is its odd location completely placed in the industrial section of Vimont.Went in with a buddy expecting a dive with hopefully better service than a place such as Le Cage des Sports and I got far more than expected. What received me is firstly a young energetic polity little lady in a micro skirt more than willing to seat me at some great booths.What really caught my attention? The 80+ screens all over the place. Mind you some of these were kinda overkill and the quality of them weren't the best I've seen but it was an impressive display.The service in general was exceptional for this type of place with this type of volume of clients. We were greeted by another charming little lady and beers were ordered, we got them mere minutes later. I felt like a big burger. Our food order was then taken and received WITHIN 15 MINUTES.Are you reading this Cage of Sports? A burger shouldn't take over an hour to provide to your clients! On top of it all, it was delicious with a fantastic moist bun that in general hit the spot.The rest of the night things well well with refills and I enjoyed watching the Habs lose once again.The price tag is decent as well.My only complaint about this place is the parking, their lot is far too small and in winter it can be a bit of a FUBAR.All in all, will visit again.
5	This is hands-down my favorite place to watch UFC for 3 key reasons:TVs - The place is plastered wall-to-wall with Sharp Quattrons showing one or multiple events. I'm not exaggerating when you can go to the bathroom, do your thing, and sit back down without ever having to take your eyes off the action.Drink - If you're drooling after seeing the cornucopia of TVs, you will be when you realize that some tables are fitted with their own taps. Yes, you can sit and pour your own beers to your heart's content. I heard through the grapevine that the owner has a deal with Molson, which is why his beer is priced so much more aggressively. The food isn't gourmet, but I wasn't expecting it to be so. It was, however,  tasty and satisfying. I recommend burger, fries but not wings.Service - There's plenty of staff to ensure that everyone receives prompt service. From my experience, they're always courteous.Overall, if your looking for a good place for a burger, beer and sporting event, this is your mecca.
