5	Wooohooo, first to review.It's a Starbucks but with a little extra of what it should be.During the protests this place has been hopping.  Long lines out the door (at least 20 people outside in the cold when were were last there).  The staff was great.  Cheerful, well staffed and well stocked.   Everything tasted good.   The bathroom was very busy and still clean!  Great job guys.  We warmed up there a number of times.  Great view of the square from inside.
3	Average mass produced coffee...served with a reliable smile. Pluses include daily horoscope, clover coffee and reliable baristas who prep your order while you're in line if you stick to a regular drink. Draw backs are limited outlets and less seating since the remodel.  Avoid the sun by sitting at the common table. If you need an outlet, sit along the bar near the restrooms, at the common table near the column or on the round tables in the back corner along the Capitol side windows.Outdoor seating when weather permits.
3	7/11/13 While waiting for my wife I stopped at Starbucks.  I had a gift certificate.  I enjoyed their patio while reading the paper sipping on an iced coffee.
3	One thing you have to like about Starbucks is that you get a consistent drink every time. Sometimes though its about how long one needs to wait for this consistence. It's location has been remodeled recently and looks amazing. That is all ...
2	Stopped at Starbucks again.  I'm still using up my gift card.  I tried a coffee brewed with their Clover Brewing System.  I was not impressed and felt compelled to remove a star.  What Starbucks created in Seattle is not being replicated thru their exponential growth.  They  have great branding, locations, and marketing, but that's not enough for me.  I suggest Bradbury's coffee house.  They use Kickapoo Coffee's roasted beans.  I think you'll be pleased you did.
3	So slow. So, so slow. The set-up is horrible, too. It is always a great reminder that Madison has numerous other local coffe choices.
4	Staff do a great job at this location. It is always quite busy but they keep it moving quickly along and staff are always pleasant and customer focused. Poor floor plan for the space overall.
4	I'm on a mission. A mission of love? No. A mission of drinking my way through the Starbucks Secret Menu? Yes.And while ordering these highly customized drinks can be quite obnoxious, this particular Starbucks location has always been accommodating to my strange requests. The latest of which was a Twix Frappuccino. I recited that I would like a Caramel Frappuccino with extra caramel and mocha drizzle in the cup, whipped cream blended in, plus one pump of hazelnut, and java chips. Given how calorie dense and wordy these special orders are, I figure I'll have the Secret Menu tackled by the time Starbucks is out of business, whereabouts.
4	This is the perfect weekend Starbucks.While I normally visit the McKee location on my drive to work, this one is perfect for stopping in to get your weekend coffee. They seem to be the Starbucks that gets the new items first, and definitely have one of the best variety in the area.Outside tables in the summer and the big long table in the center with "ONWARD" written on it are more highlights. Stopping during summer farmer's market Saturday is a pretty sure occurrence, so I'll be stopping there again soon enough.
4	There is a good view of the capital from this starbucks. When the sun is setting it makes the room very hott!
