5	This is a brand new location for this healthy fast-casual smoothie chain. I've never eaten at one before this, and I wasn't even aware they had food aside from just smoothies... but oh man, they do, and it is good. I had a Chipotle Chicken Flatread thing which was kind of like a soft taco eating experience, but it was on a soft fluffy pita type of bread. The chicken was super tender and flavorful - perfectly cooked and beautifully seasoned. Most places overcook chicken which makes it tough and chewy, but the chicken here is juicy morsels of deliciousness. My sandwich also had bacon and cheese and veggies inside - all of it tasted just as fresh and delicious.The prices here are unbelievably low for the quality you get as well. My sandwich was only like 4 bucks, and it was better than similar meals I've had at twice the price. It's so much healthier eating here than at a fast food place, but the price point seems to be in the same league. I know there was bacon and cheese in what I ate, but I still feel like I did my body a favor eating here instead of somewhere like Sonic or Subway or BK etc... It's strange because the prices here suggest those as their competition, but the quality of the food and fast-casual setup suggests more upscale. I suggest you eat here before they come to their senses and raise the prices appropriately. This is a family owned franchise... really nice folks. If you twisted my arm to come up with a gripe, I would say that the noise from them whipping up smoothies can get kinda loud if you're dining it, but this is the same issue at all smoothie places. Who cares. This place is great, and I'm going to put it on my list of places to hit up. Looks like there are less than a dozen locations in the Valley with more on the way.
4	This place's smoothie is fantastic, way more variety than places like Jamba Juice and the price is a little better too. While there isn't anything wrong with the food here I just think that you can get food else where and save a bit of money. I salads are a tad expensive for what it is.
1	Absolutely horrible smoothies are made with water.. Go down the road to Dairy Queen and get a better smoothie
2	Oh how I wish I could give more. I love tropical smoothie but I may have to rethink this location. I walked into the store and only one other customer was there. They were having some sort of malfunction with the registrar so thy were writing orders down by hand, no big deal. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap with no tomatoes (yum!) I sat done at a table unable to pay and waited to see what the process would be. One worker was on the phone trying to fix the phone while another made the smoothies and the third just trolled around unsure what to do. The unsure one brought me my smoothie and some post it notes where he asked for my card to write down the number. I was not super keen on the idea but understood they need my money some way another. He wrote down all my info and then they got the machines working. He began to ring up my order which came out to double them amount, thank goodness I didn't end up blind sided by the charge later. I explained to him how the meals work and he then lowered the price. I asked for the paper with my card back, just to be safe. After all that I got my wrap where he just then realized he put tomatoes on it because he " forgot to read the note". Unfortunately for his excuse it was lousy considering he was the one that took the note. I said it was ok and wanted to be on my way because I was real ready to go by then. All in all I think it's best if these workers have some sort of management around.Update, just got home to eat my food and it taste terrible. And not just because of the tomatoes!
3	I originally came in because I bought a Groupon for this place a month ago and the lady working there wouldn't take it because she said it was for another Tropical Smoothie in Gilbert. There's not another Tropical Smoothie and I let her know. When she still refused to acknowledge my Groupon I asked to speak to a manager and she rolled her eyes and said she was the manager and she was not going to take my Groupon at all. I called Groupon and they had said there was a misprint on the Groupon and that I did go to the correct store. However I was too pissed to go back. Came back a month later with my guard up. I didn't need it, because that horrible woman wasn't there and apparently it was happy hour! The guy behind the counter convinced me to save my Groupon because my order was cheaper on happy hour. He was just all around friendly and helpful. It made me glad I gave this place a second chance!Now about the actual food - it's not exactly paleo friendly. Everything is pre-processed including the smoothies which are just a bunch of powder and juices mixed together. The sandwiches are nice but not amazing. If your looking for something sweet and refreshing I would try the cranberry truffle and if you like pesto then you can't go wrong with the Chicken Pest flatbread sandwich.Will I come back? Yes - only to use up the rest of my Groupons and only for Happy Hour. The food isn't good enough for full price.
2	I bought a groupon for here when a few gfs and I were going to meet for lunch. I'm glad I had it because I don't find it worth paying full price for what they offer or for their customer service. I got a Caesar wrap, a sunrise smoothie and a kids pizza meal with an extra kid smoothie. The girl behind the counter couldn't answer any of my questions when it came to the smoothies, I asked a simple question too like what's the different in supercharged ones vs indulgent she just said I don't know. Okay thanks super helpful. Then they forgot the extra kids smoothie and when I asked about it she said hold on yet no one ever brought it out and after my meal asked to be refunded. I'll only go back to use my last two vouchers and will probably only get smoothies and avoid the food. I did notice they had a good happy hour deal on smoothies so if I did visit again without a groupon would probably be during that special.
4	We have been customers of this chain for 5 years and love their food and smoothies. This particular location is relatively new (less than a year old currently) and in an extremely busy location.  Becuase of this the staffing levels are sporadic on the weekends and sometimes there is a 20 min wait for food. Generally it is les than 5. While the food and smoothies are great the cleanliness of this location is always an issue. In particular, the bathrooms are never cleaned properly. I have three young children and I honestly don't even let them use it unless it's an absolute emergency. It's very disappointing because the staff is nice and the manager seems to be capable. I don't know how the single bathrooms gets overlooked so often. Otherwise a favorite of our family. We are here several times a week.
5	Just found out they serve tacos. They were really good! Pleasantly surprised. I will definitely be back for more.
1	Customer service was poor. And the smoothie I got was so awful I had a horrible taste in my mouth for the longest time.
2	I have been a Jamba juice customer for years! Recently I've been coming to this location because they do half off smoothies before 10am.  The owner has decided to flip-flop on this policy that has earned them my business.  I will not be coming back, I would much rather pay full price elsewhere!
4	The food is awesome. I always get the Jamaican Jerk Chicken wrap (light jerk sauce because it too hot for me) plus a Health Nut Smoothie with no sweetener and Whey protein. Order this exactly and you will not be disappointed. It would get 5 stars but the location at the San Tan Mall can be slow because of not enough staff.  I've had to wait up to 10 mins before to order. That's not super long but there was no one else in line...just me.
