5	My husband and I are so happy we found a great shop for our cars. We've been taking both our vehicles here since November '10 and we have always been glad we chose A2 auto repair. Some things my husband likes about the place:The owner, Will, is upfront and honest. You don't feel like you are getting ripped off here. He will tell you what repairs your vehicle needs but doesn't push anything on you. However, we appreciate that he tells you what NEEDS to be fixed because of safety reasons. Prices are reasonable. It's never fun spending money on repairs and car maintenence...but it helps that he has a military discount. We've recommeneded this place to some of our friends who have brought there cars here and they too have had good experiences.  The only thing I don't like is that it isn't in the BEST part of town, but this place still deserves 5 stars.
4	The owner, Will is one of the most professional mechanics I have had work on my car.You wouldn't see this place from the street, it is tucked in behind five other repair shops which are not as good as this one.I had some issues with my lexus coupe.  I have friends that are mechanics who fix things for me, but really complicated stuff like on this car in the computer system need someone good.Will trouble shot this car for several days to find out what the problems were, which was great because nothing tripped the onboard computer, to throw a code as to what was wrong.Ended up being a couple transmission solenoids, and an engine coolant sensor.Another shop would have probably not been able to figure out the problem, or just started replacing unnecessary parts.He gave me a call at every step to let me know what was going on also.It helps that he likes tuner cars
4	I brought my car here to get the shaky steering wheel problem fixed. This problem started after I got new brakes and rotors from another place--I drove it out of their driveway and the steering wheel starts getting shaky at around 45mph. WTH? Not going back to that place ever again.Luckily, a friend of mine knows a good mechanic that her and her family have been taking their vehicles to for a while now. I decided to order the part online since the part number was listed in my redonkulous quote from the other guys. My friend called the owner of this shop and his quote for the labor was at least $100 less than the other guys. I was able to take my car in on a Saturday and they were done with it in about 3 hours. The owner even gave me a cash pay discount. It looks like they work on all vehicle makes and models. I saw import, domestic, and luxury vehicles being worked on. I was very pleased to drive off without the feeling of being ripped off or a shaky steering wheel.
5	I was referred to A-2 Auto by a neighbor but I was reluctant to drive so far for auto repair.  Upon entering the door I was greeted with a great big smile and can I help you.  I had a radiator hose leak that needed repairing.  I was told that it would be at least $200 to repair. A-2 checked it out tightened the hose and didn't  even charge me.  They did find an oil leak and fixed it right away.  I am one blessed Girl because I have a an Auto garage that is looking out for me:)
5	For the thirty years I have owned cars, I have known only one truly honest mechanic.  Until yesterday when I rolled into A2 Auto Repair.  I came  in on a recommendation from a friend who had brought her car in two times and had an amazing experiece each time.  No need to fear the usual situation where you go in to have something minor done and they tell you that you need eight other things done right now or your car will surely explode and kill you within the next week which scares the crud out of you and you spend money you do not have.  I went in for breaks and Will and the guys checked out my car entirely.  They did find a few items that can be addressed and priced them for me explaining that when I can get them done, I should consider it.  NO pressure, NO pushy sales job, just honest discussion and the willingness to work on whatever I wanted.  I did have my breaks done (with factory pads) and it was $370 out the door for front and back.  The dealer wanted $780 for the same job.  (yeah, right).  My breaks feel like they did when I drove it off the lot eight years ago.  If you go anywhere else to have your car worked on you just missing out.  A2 Auto Repair is the best in Vegas, by far.
5	Great mechanic!!! I was sent to Will through a buddy of mine at work for an alternator swap. After being quoted an unreasonable amount and not only nervous about letting anyone touch my car (has over 200,000 miles) Will did the job for half the price I was quoted and even had my car ready the same day!!! Will is an honest guy who will stand by his work and even offer small services at small cost. This is my family's first stop mechanic!! I highly recommend this shop to anyone I can guarantee you won't be disappointed!!2004 Ford Escape
5	I found A2 Auto Repair via Yelp and I'm very happy that I did. Will is very honest and did a great job on my car! His prices are beyond fair, and he doesn't overcharge like some of the other shops that I called. They work efficiently and do a good job, and had my car ready the same day. It's also a relief to know that he stands by his work! Having been around the car business, and knowing that types of things that go on, this repair shop is definitely a cut above the rest. I would definitely recommend it and take my car there again.
5	These guys are different than your standard garage. Most places don't hire techs, they hire parts switchers that guess what is wrong, switch the part, and hope that fixes it. There is one tech there who's name escapes me is one of the best diagnostic tech I know in the area. He has his lab scope and knows how to use it to ensure they replace the correct part and know the issue will not return. I will be coming back for diagnostic work.
5	Will and his guys stayed late to replace my front and rear brakes. He even had one guy search high and low for a a rare brake line so that i could have my 1998 Jeep XJ finished the same day. The prices were reasonably cheaper than Firestone and other auto repair shops in Las Vegas. This is the only repair shop in Las Vegas that hasn't upsold me or try to scam me. Definitely going there again.
5	First honest mechanics I have come across. I have called them several times to check prices or get a fly ball diagnosis if I am on the side of the road. Very professional, friendly, and gosh darn it, the guy remembers your name. His prices are below average for the area, and he stands by his work too. He can usually work within your budget and will tell you how it is. If the engine is fine, he will say so. If it's shot, he will say that. No games with these guys. Highly recommend.
5	Excellent service, very honest and straight forward explanation of what was wrong with my car and a quick turnaround time on the repairs. The owner, Will, even paid for you annual smog check before I got my car back. I will definitely be returning in the future.
5	Got my clutch done yesterday at this place, which is the first time that I've been here. Didn't even know this shop existed, was just looking for a mechanic that was near my house since my truck is currently my only mode of transportation & was trying to avoid having to call someone to come pick me up or even worse, take the bus home!! (because I knew it would take all day to repair) And hell, Will even offered to give me a ride to my house. Nice guys, I will definitely go back there for future repairs... I never got the vibe at all that they were trying to scam or rip me off, like most other auto repair shops that I've dealt with.
5	This place is our new go-to for auto repairs, oil changes etc. The owner Will runs an honest business and is very reasonable with prices, esp with major repair work. Not only did he tell us what needed to be done, he actually took the time to explain and give us a breakdown of what we would be paying for AND even took a video just to show us the root of the problem. Now that's what I call an honest, reliable mechanic. It's obvious Will & his staff are very knowledgeable when it comes to cars. No longer will we be taking our cars to other repair shops, we will definitely be retuning to A2 Auto for future maintenance and repairs!
5	Thanks to Yelp I found A2 Auto Repair! Thanks Yelppers. These guys are the best, most honest and hard working men, they actually stayed late on a Sat for my car repair.  Will, the owner, is personable and honest.  Jared, the technician, there is fantastic, both are straight up guys who literally treated me like family. I was going on a long trip where there is no cell service and needed my car in top notch shape. They checked and double checked my car, and physically showed me what was wrong with it.  I felt very comfortable with their recommendations, so I could make decisions for what to do.  I got not only my oil and tranny fluids done, coolant flush and front breaks replaced. So these guys are not only the small stuff but the big jobs done too. They were working on head gasket (whatever those are) jobs earlier before I showed. Look, they even offered to look at my a car and top fluids off for me if needed, right before my trip.  You won't be sorry if you entrust your car to these guys they are fast, honest and treat you like family.
5	These guys are great!!. I was new to Vegas and took my 2006 Dodge Stratus SXT to them. There was something about a T-Rod issue. The guys were polite. They showed me the problem and explained what needed to be done and the price. I called my mechanics back In NC and they said to jump on the price. They took me home and then picked me up when my car was ready. They guaranteed their work and the parts. I went back when I had an issue with my headlights. They guys changed the bulbs for FREE even though due to how my car was made it was a pain in the arse  to get the light harness off. HAVE YOU EVER HAD A MECHANIC THAT YOU COULDN'T EVEN FORCE THEM TO TAKE A PAYMENT OR TIP????? I also had my tune up done there. Than I sent my friend there who had been to another place.. 5xs for the same issue & it still was not fixed. The guys took care of her.. I definitely recommend them not only for their work, but for their level of customer service and professionalism..Thanks guys:)
5	This place was great.  I had a cracked radiator.  I'm from out of state and didn't plan on spending money on my car so they helped me out alot with pricing.  I gave them a call and had me come down late in the day to at least check it out.  When Will, the man I spoke to,  saw the Crack he made time the next day since I really needed it.  I'm about to pick up my car but so far a really a great experience.
5	I finally found an honest and friendly auto mechanic in the city of Las Vegas. Been here twice and A2 auto has already saved me thousands of dollars in repairs on my Scion compared to the dealership.
3	Hmmmm
5	Straight as an arrow. Honest mechanic, prices, and work. Went in to get my timing belt done and got my timing belt done. Had best price and showed me the old parts that were replaced. Also replaced my old seatbelts that werent working. This is how mechanics are suppose to be. Not the ones that dont give damn about your car.
5	Will is one of the nicest, most sincere person I have ever dealt with in my entire life when it comes to auto shops. My car had all sorts of things wrong with it. He explained what was wrong with it, other possible problems, and gave me the different options I had with it. No doubt, I have a new auto shop to go to for the rest of my life and I would refer anyone to this location!
5	The guys are so friendly.  And finally gave me a good price. They are professional let me don't want to go anywhere.  I'll come back for fixing my car here.
5	I used them because they are honest. One time I went to Purfect Auto for smog check because it was only $9.99. At the end they suggested i needed $550 worth of work for my car. I went to A2 Auto Repair to have them check it out and get a second opinion. They told me that I didn't need anything to be done. Thank God I had them check it out for me.Thank God there are still good guys out there not trying to hustle ladies when bringing their car in for service and not trying to up-sell me on more services and products.
5	Took my car in for what I thought was a wheel bearing issue. Will called me after doing several tests and told me it's not the wheel bearing and believes it's the tires and didn't want to change a part that looked good with no signs of damage. Very honest and great customer service!
5	My alternator went out in my Lexus and I got several quotes and the prices were absolutely ridiculous. Lexus dealership quoted me 1500.00 and I decided to go with A2 and it saved me 800.00. Will referred me to a towing company and charged 55.00 flat which was the cheapest tow quote too!! Very happy with the work they did. He was honest and got the job done quick. Highly recommend Will at A2 he was great!!
5	We went to A2 auto, after finding it on yelp. After a great price we got on the repairs and friendly service.  We will recommend to our friends, if they have misfortune of needing repair.
5	I called late in the day with a small issue- the engine under-covers in my Toyota had come loose and were flapping as I drove. They had me come in before they closed and they took the damaged ones off. No Charge! Will gave me advice on what part to get and Dias to just come back when the parts come in. Then he sent me on my way with a smile. The Yelp reviews are right: Honest Mechanics Found Here!
5	I took my Audi here about a year ago and the service was Great. Will was a super nice guy. The biggest thing was I trusted that I was getting fair and honest service from a mechanic!!!! The only bad thing is the location is really busy with traffic but I suppose that's a good thing for the business.
