4	Definitely a fan! Great pizza and Italian meals. Large portions and great friendly service, Lobster ravioli is delicious and the fish and chips were good too! Nice place to relax, have a drink and good meal for lunch or dinner, haven't tried the froglegs yet but the kids will talk me into it soon!
1	Ordered cheeseburger pizza and a supreme.  14" first one cost $15 the other $20.  THe cheeseburger was rectangle shaped and toppings were dry and scarce.  The supreme type had canned ingredients! and was odd/sour smelling.  So bad I couldn't eat it.  We  will never get pizza from there again.  It deserves a WARNING rating.  Clerk asked us if we would like some parmesan cheese, and handed me ONE  thimble-sized portion.  This was on a Sunday and the place was deserted.
3	We went there today for the all you eat cod for $9.95 it came with fries and cole slaw. I really liked the cole slaw good flaver. The fish had a great flavor but too bad the coating  was quite greasy. Was ok if you blotted it lots of napkins. The portions were nice size and even better since it was all you can eat. Will probably try it again.
5	I'm not sure why this is only under "Pizza" clasification.  They have great Italian food, great fish, great pizza.  The menu is LOADED with too many choices and every thing is great.  I am partial to "hole in the wall.. mom and pop" kinds of places and this place is the best of many worlds!  Oh!!! and can't forget to mention this nice young gal who works there 6 days a week.  I don't know her name.. but probably of of the BEST waitresses, and people-persons that there is !!! don't forget to pick up a loaf or two of the wonderfully delicious, daily baked Italian bread which is only $2 a loaf!!!  I could live on that stuff!  Many wonderful different raviolis..  The lobster/asparagus is great.. and also the portabella one as well!!!  Many good choices!  If you're even slightly close to the Apache Junction area...  be sure to stop here for an amazing great meal... and wonderful little place with wonderful people!
4	First time visit to restaurant last night. Outside looks typical Apache Junction. Food totally not Apache Junction!  Food excellent! Lived here 10 years & never had the courage to enter the place until friends suggested meeting there. Shame on me! Looks are deceiving! I will definitely return. We ordered haddock & cod special, not greasy, large portions (cod special all you could eat), great tiramisu, great prices.  Best kept secret in A J!
5	Great high quality food. Male owner recently passed. Hope the wife doesn't compromise the quality in the interest of profits.
5	We went for dinner July 16th for birthday dinner.  There was 4 of us we arrived at about 7:40 sat down And were promptly waited onBeer and wine only at this place but a good selection.  The food when delivered was amazing! The best Italian I have had since moving from NYWe didn't realize that they closed at 8:00pm they never rushed us or made us feel unwelcome Great place that we will be back to for sure!
4	My dad took me here the other day and when we pulled up I was like wtf?  The building doesn't look appealing at all so I was thinking that the food will not be good at all.  To my amazement I was wrong.  We had the calamari appetizer and the all you can eat fish and chips.  The calamari was actually pretty damn good, and the fish was also pretty damn good.  I'm not a cole slaw fan, but there's was awesome!  There was a special of haddock parmesan.  One I have never even heard of that and two, that doesn't even sound appetizing in the least bit.  I didn't try it so I can't review that.  I'm actually intrigued to go back and try the other dishes that they offer.  I mean you don't think of Apache Junction of a dining destination, but this place was pretty damn good!
5	Love this place-we go EVERY Wednesday for the Spaghetti Special.  The sauce is the greatest!  The pizza is good too-that is our Sat night choice, and in between my favorite is the Life Raft.  All the personnel are great, and Donna is special!
4	Good food, good service. Little pricey. Good place to go. The outside of the small building was a little run down. But don't let that discourage you. I would love to go there again some day!!!
4	We really enjoy Scuttlebutt's and they make great Italian dishes and great pizza.  The wait staff was friendly and accommodating and the food was hot and delicious.  I would really recommend them.  Don't be deceived by the building.  It 's great food.
4	At first when you walk into the front door (once you find it), you see the space is small and obviously a house converted to a quaint restaurant. One of those places that it's a hit or a big miss - we were pleasantly surprised!! The service was prompt, friendly, and not pushy. The food was delicious. We had Caesar and house spring green salads, both were fresh & crisp. The meal was served with warm homemade Italian bread. We had wings, and two types of ravioli: lobster & portobello. Everything was wonderful! I'd recommend trying this place out for yourself!!
