3	This Barnes & Noble bookstore is just like all the rest.There's a crappy little cafe and a bunch of couches and hard chairs, so you can spill little droplets of your coffee drink all over the book you aren't going to buy.You will never be bothered by staff if you want to sit and read an entire book without purchasing it (it took me three visits once, but I did it).On the other hand, if you ever need help finding a book, the staff will be hard to find and pretty much useless once you do.
3	I think I feel more "Meh..." about this location. But that new book smell swayed me up to 3 stars.Their poetry section SUCKS!I kind of feel like a dumb ass for admitting this, but I couldn't find Christopher Paolini anywhere. I looked in the fiction & the sci-fi/fantasy section. I know my ABC's. So, wtf was going on here? :(Having a Starbucks in a bookstore is lame to me. I don't like Starbucks. To me, it takes up room they could have more books in.I'm gonna sound dorky for saying this too, but the manga/graphic novel/comic section looked decent. To redeem myself a little I didn't spend that much time looking. I just kind of glanced. Spotted a girl reading through Vampire Knight. She was almost done so I'm assuming the people working here just leave you alone.There was another cool thing about coming here. My date & I started looking through the maps pointing out places we've been or where we grew up. It was sweet to watch my date point out mountains & stuff in his home state.
4	Wow, this store is small. But it's decent inside and convenient to Metrocenter. They didn't have the Nook cover we were looking for but were able to find another B&N that did have it. The staff was helpful.  If you're looking for something popular, you should be able to find it here. Otherwise you might want to try a different location. There is another B&N not too far at Arrowhead.
2	As bookstores are closing, I hope B&N remains open.   A great place to browse around, but it can be pretty busy during summertime.  One thing I do not get is having a Starbucks inside the bookstore that do accept any gift cards.   It is still money.
2	It's okay. Same as most the other Barnes & Nobles, the employees are moderately helpful. And the staff in the Cafe is not the most friendly bunch. I do understand that they probably get annoyed by all the people that come and sit around in the cafe and don't buy anything, or ask for free water, but come on... that's just the way it is. Overall, I will continue to go to this location since it is near my work, but I wouldn't go OUT OF my way to go here.
2	Old and kind of dirty. "Cafe" could not be slower if they tried. Very limited selection of everything.
3	The Starbucks inside the bookstore is own and operated by the bookstore and not by Starbucks, so any of your Starbucks GC will not be accepted there.  That was a bummed thing to hear.  Overall, the bookstore is pretty clean, bathroom is very clean too, at least that's what I saw when I visited them.  Location can be better as you can't see it from the main road.
3	typical B&N bookstore!
3	Decent selection. Great for meeting with classmates to knockout projects. Has a coffee shop with snacks and pastries.
5	Lovely place to sit and have quiet time. They have a great area for children and helpful staff. They also have a Starbucks with some lunch options. They will serve you on glass plates and warm up your pastries
