5	Went specifically for the burgers, as a friend had told me they were amazing.  I was skeptical, but they totally lived up to the hype.  Had the Prime burger, which was huge and very very tasty!
5	Ok so here is what this is, a greasy spoon with an old decor that serves up some of the best burgers in town.  I don't remember how we came upon it, but I can tell you I have been going there for well over 5 years and I go there for the burgers.The one I recommend the most is the prime-burger, which on today's visit was being offered as a trio, burger,fries and a can of soda, for the very impressive price of 8$.These are very good 5-10 napkin burgers,... huge patti (cooked to order and yes you will get it medium)  unless you ask otherwise, but for me that is perfect, with onions,tomatoes, lettuce, mayo, cheese, and bacon.  It is an old school burger that will be falling apart into in a hot squishy mess of flavors before you get done, so it is not for the first date experience (not to mention that the decor is not conducive to romance). but for the Burger aficionados.The place kinda looks like it was frozen in time (maybe 70' a bit of the 80's), your fellow diners may be varied, or it may seem like you just stumbled into a bingo hall, don't let that sway you. I have yet to sample a lot of the menu, but I am convinced you could find other secret gems, and at that price you would never be wrong.The service is fast, friendly and something about this place is endearing, at least to me, so next time your craving a burger, or have a hangover try these out, you will be happy you did and in no time you too will be hankering a steer burger, which is what we thought the name was, until I decided to review and found the real nameFYI it is convieniently located near a dollarama, an SAQ, a Pharmacie and Valmont, so you can easily go there whilst running errands.Just a thought.....
3	I googled "best burger in Montreal" and came upon a couple reviews for this place. It was a sunny afternoon, so I thought why not go for long walk to work up an appetite for this place (I walked from St. Catherine/St. Laurent). It's totally an old school joint, doesn't look like the inside has been updated since whenever the place opened (70's?). I also didn't expect the server to be friendly since I didn't speak any French, but she was incredibly nice. She asked where I was from, how I found this place, and talked to me for a bit since I was alone. Next she told me their special that day (Sunday) was the Primeburger, fries, and pop for $8! I did however order a beer instead (I deserved one after that walk, afterall). As you can see in the pictures, this burger ain't no regular sized burger. It's absolutely massive, the patty is thick, there's like 4-5 slices of bacon plus all the other fixin's (tomato, lettuce, onions, mayo). First thoughts: very big, greasy, and salty. I thought the saltiness was perhaps from the bacon, but I think it was from the meat. But nonetheless, this was a very tasty burger. I needed to cut this baby in half to eat it without destroying the bun. There was a lot of cheesy goodness as well. I didn't want the server to be disappointed in me, so I ate the entire thing. I barely touched my fries though. I saw a few people ordering take-out for the Primeburger, so I think that's one of their best sellers. Not sure if this would make it into my "best of" category, but it was sure tasty enough that I would go back if I were in the area. (I then walked/waddled back to St. Catherine/St. Laurent afterwards to get rid of the guilt I had for eating the entire burger)
5	There is a GOD. He works the grill at Steerburger!I ate the GREATEST burger I've ever had in my entire life. These are strong words. But it was orgasmic... like... goofy face and all!Prime Burger, try it, love it.
5	This is a very understated place. The food is fantastic and the family that runs the restaurant is wonderful.The PRIME burger is the best burger in Montreal! You must try it.
3	I went there for a quick brunch with my boyfriend. It was ok. Nothing spectacular at all. However my boyfriend keeps ranting and raving about the burger (which I have yet to try). So if you want something that gives you gossebumps for how great it is and if you want something that makes you fall off your chair,I would suggest going there for the burger, not the breakfast.
5	Le PrineBurger est vraiment trop bon :p
2	It has been a while since I have visited Steerburger.... but man do I remember it sucking. I don't know if it is because I am American and we love a good burger or if because I am American and they just wanted to screw with me, but the burger was just bad. Seemed as if they looked for a bun that had been sitting out all day and while they took there time trying to find this gem let my burger just cook to a dry tiny crisp. Lame....Steer clear of this place.
5	Great Burger ... One of the best burgers in Montreal with reasonable price .Way better than the ripoff burger places in downtown .
4	I decided to try this place on a quick pit stop while running errands before heading to work, and did so based on what some others here said. The burgers are good, however when the cook slapped mine on the flattop before moving it to the grill I wasn't really impressed. Lost a point with that one, dude, really.Fries as a side were good, but they do something particular to their gravy which leaves an aftertaste .. a little overpowering and kills other flavors.Overall good eats, good prices, but a cut below Miteras' burger and fries.
4	For the price this is the best burger in Montreal! For about $11 bucks you get a trio, that's the price at McDonald's across the street! But here you get friendly service, and a really freshly made burger! The interior is dull and kind of sad looking but the food, service and atmosphere makes up for the dusty plastic plants tacked to the wall. When I'm craving a fresh, genuine American burger this is the place I flock to!
5	Hands down this was my family (husband and 2 teenagers) and my favorite place to eat dinner in Le Plateau Mont Royal area.  Visiting Montreal from Atlanta, Georgia (USA) for 3 weeks and we tried a few places based on reviews on YELP... but this place we happen to just find ourselves out walking one night, and we are so glad we did.  From the outside it's not an eye catcher... next to a Cafe Depot, across from a McDonalds... walking in you feel like you stepped back into a 70s diner with the menus on the paper placemats... but the smiles on the cook and people who work here greeted us immediately and we knew we were in for a treat!  We've been 3 times now for dinner on our visit and it's become a real neighborhood heart spot... feels like 'Cheers' where everybody knows your name. Beautiful Anna and the crew here have even memorized our names and greeted us as we've walked in the door when we've come back.  What a great and friendly group of people... spending some time chatting with them has helped us with our French and telling us places in Montreal to visit.  If you are looking for trendy and organic, this isn't the place.  But if you are looking for a variety of good food, good quantity (we have a take home container of left overs every time) and good prices (I think everything on the menu is well under $15) with a friendly atmosphere... this is IT!  We've had the pizza, burger, steak, lasagna, spaghetti, chicken kabobs (souvlaki), pork platter... all was really good.  And everything seems to come with a side of salad which is fresh with excellent dressing.  Thanks Anna and crew for making our visits so special!  When we come back to Montreal we will surely visit again.
5	Mmmm, Steerburger.The Prime burger is a seriously good burger. For less than $5. The trio with fries and drink is like $8.50. Satisfies my craving for beef, bacon, and cheese, and doesn't come close to breaking the bank, so I'm a happy girl.Get the trio, die happy and go to cholesterol heaven. Just ignore the dumpy ("classic") 1970s decor.
4	Best burgers! You must try them!
5	Oh gosh. Now I get all the positive reviews. This is such a great place!  The price is right, the decor is authentic retro, the waitresses have the right amount of attitude, the food is delicious.  There really isn't much more to say.  You feel like a classic burger?  You find yourself near Mont-Royal and Papineau?  Go here!I've walked by many a morning to smell the delicious scents of breakfast wafting out, and each time I wish that I wasn't on my way somewhere else, because I can only imagine their breakfasts are full of win.
4	Is this the best burger I've ever had? As I don't remember every single burger I've ever eaten I'll have to say that it's most likely in my top 3. The Prime Burger is amazing! The decor is probably the same since 1984 but that's what makes this place genuine. If you're in Montreal and looking for a burger place this is where you should eat. Cash only so bring your piggy bank :)
