4	Nippon is a great place to grab some quick sushi.  You can either pick up already rolled sushi (which I never get), or order what you want and it is made fresh in front of you.  The choices are pretty decent for the size of the place.I normally grab a couple rolls of maki to go after a nice workout at my gym nearby.  They are very fast and the sushi is definitely good.  It is a bit more pricey than the other quick sushi shops, but it is definitely worth the slight increase in price.
4	Went for lunch. Reasonably priced. I took a salad with their home-made dressing, and Mango salmon sushi. Very good! Opens 11am- 8pm weekdays, Closed on Sunday.
4	Have been going here for years! Can you believe I have worked right next door, taken out, eaten in and NEVER knew the name of this place! LOLA great place to just pick up some good sushi and soup for a quick lunch.I would order the 5 piece shrimp tempura sushi almost everyday at one point.Convenient, clean, and friendly and sooo much better than that fast food, cold, tasteless Sushi Shop. Much recommended. Go and try it out yourselves!
4	Location: Heart of downtown on de Maisonneuve, corner Peel.Noms: Definitely my go-to place when I'm in the mood for lunchtime sushi. Personally, I think it's better than Sushi Shop and other 'fast sushi' places in the area. They have a pretty good selection - you can either order a la carte or get one of their ready-made boxes. Every time I stop in they've either restocked the fridge or are in the process of doing just that so you know they've got a pretty good roll-out. Very fresh, too.Price: Works for me. They're pretty affordable but of course, it depends on how much you're eating. I usually get a box that includes a variety of sushi + one specialty roll, for exactly $19.90. It's very small but if you go around 11:30-11:45 you can usually get a table.
4	Great sushi! I get the veg tempura roll every time. Super fresh and fast. Place is small so be sure to arrive early for lunch. A bit over priced, though it is worth it.
3	Nice small place. Most bento sushi boxes sold out in the dinner. Ok sushi with expensive price.
5	That's my goto sushi place in Montreal. I find the ingredients (incl. rice, fish, veggies, etc.) are consistently fresher than most places, yet prices are not much higher.There's lots of great rolls, but the seaweed salad is particularly interesting and something you don't usually have at other places. Those and/or the miso soups is usually what I have.
