5	staff is great and pictures are even better!
1	Worse Than KMart photography!I HAD to take my son to Cameo studios for his senior graduation pictures as per his high school yearbook requirement.I bought the suit, chose the 2nd clothing option, got the haircut and cleaned up my teenager. I made the appointment for the photo shoot well in advance and discussed with the studio receptionist what I wanted to achieve with his pictures. We arrived to a very busy & bustling studio FULL of people and teenagers coming and going. I was a little concerned that it was going to be an assembly line situation and Boy, was I right!My son and I sat down on some chairs and after several minutes a very young girl came out and called his name. I assumed she was an assistant as she whisked my son away and into a studio room.At that time, I sat down, reached into my purse to fool around with my cell phone, when suddenly my son was standing in front of me and asked, "Are you ready?""Ready for what??" I say."Ready to go. Im done!"There is NO WAY that someone does a senior portrait photo shoot in 30 seconds! I find the 'young girl" and ask her how many pictures were taken of my son and she tells me that she took 8. So, she wasnt the assistant but the hired help photographer!  I start to argue about the quality and time involved in good portrait photography but I can see that I am dealing with a kid that was hired to just press the button on the camera assembly line fashion. She assures me that the shots will turn out great and will be ready to preview in a few minutes.SO, after waiting several minutes to view the proofs. I get more and more worried, because I see several teens having their own dressing rooms, doing full length professional shoots....and I wonder, "Why didnt I get that when I specifically requested it? And what the heck is a Scottsdale/Paradise Valley high school doing requiring such UNprofessionals for their mandatory yearbook portraits??So, we finally get called to view our proofs.....what do I see?? I see 8 pictures of my son that are all identical, with slight ranges of smiling all in the same fake pose.HORRIFIED!! TACKY!I immediately hired a real photographer to redo his pictures and did NOT order anything from Cameo.NOT RECOMMENDED
5	What a blessing it was finding our way to cameo studios! I had my son's photographs taken there and I could not have asked for anything more! Fun, great atmosphere just a joy all the way around ! These aren't worn out photographers that are bored with their jobs these are young talented professionals. I have a son with a heart condition, who can be a little introverted at times. He was so comfortable with the photographer that we got some of the best photos we've ever had of him. And these photographs will last a lifetime and I could not be more pleased with that. Please disregard any of the negative comments you see. These people were clearly having a bad day!  After the experience that we had a cameo studios I cannot imagine taking my business anywhere else! true gem of Scottsdale! And as always we should support our local businesse!
5	This place is Awesome!!! I took my son for his senior pictures and they turned out amazing. The staff is so nice and the brother sister duo behind the cameras made it so much fun for my son. They got the best smile out of him, and the pictures are pictures I'll truly cherish for the rest of my life. Thank you so much
5	First time here. The people are super high energy and fun. They blast awesome music and really bring out personality in the people that they photograph. They seem a bit disorganized, but who cares if the pictures are good. Sitting fee is very inexpensive. Photos are normal prices.
