5	Packard Place is hot spot for entrepreneurs, as they are the first true home in Charlotte for entrepreneurs built by entrepreneurs. Packard Place has space for meetings and events and are currently leasing out space for high growth, entrepreneurial businesses.
4	I recently visited Packard Place for the first time ever and was impressed, both with the venue and the hospitality. The vibe just feels, energetic. I haven't hosted an event here myself (yet), but I can't wait to. They really seem invested in helping new businesses succeed. And the parking doesn't suck--there are meters down 3rd and a parking structure.
5	I'm utterly impressed by Packard Place. 5 floors of space, perfectly fit with amenities for small biz developers, big events and anything in need of heavy media focus or support. This is a haven for those craving co-working space or a fitted space to host large meetings. Outfitted with the correct technology, the possibilities are huge. Upon my first visit a few months ago, I was very impressed by the cleanliness of this space. The 1st floor has beautiful wood floors, large glass doors and windows into many of the meeting rooms and tons of natural light. The rest of the floors have been outfitted with new wiring, cables, internet access, lighting, and newly finished paint. Another fun aspect of this building is that each floor has a main floor and also a mezzanine floor. Kind of a play on split level, but it makes it easy to accomplish more with the utilization of space. If you're looking for a place to get your start-up off the ground or host a meeting or larger scale event/gathering/business convention, this could be a perfect space.
4	Beautiful space & fantastic people to work with!As a freelance producer, I needed a free space to shoot a kickstarter video & looked to Packard Place. Luckily, they were very easy to work with, even with their busy schedule.  While they utilize the whole building (although Picasso's Sports Bar is on the first floor, along with Packard Place's "The Garage"), we were able to use "The Garage" for our taping. The space is beautiful! Hardwood floors & local art grace the space, along with several meeting rooms. This place is great for startups & entrepreneurs. If this applies to you, please contact them to see where you fit in here.
4	I spent an entire weekend here for Charlotte's Start-up Weekend this past January and really enjoyed my time here.  The building is clean and pretty modern.  We spent the majority of our time in an open conference space working on projects all weekend and then in the Garage, their first floor cafe for breaks and meals.  The staff at Packard Place was so hospitable and helpful and I definitely plan on getting back in touch with them should I ever start my own business and need a space to work.  I love their mission to help pay it forward to small businesses to help them up get up and running and am so happy to have an organization like Packard Place here in Charlotte!
