5	My tandem-mate and I took our "bicycle made for two" here for a standard tune-up since we hadn't had one since we bought the bike. The staff (owner maybe?) was very friendly and knowledgeable about our bike: an example, he told us that Shimano, the maker of our tandem, was notorious for poor gears. Our bike did, in fact, have a hard time shifting gears. But when we picked it back up he fixed them!The Golden Spoke is a great place for a cheap tune-up (only $40!). The service will take a couple of days, but it is well worth the wait!
5	It is very refreshing to find a business like Golden Spoke. My girlfriend and I were able to buy some new Diamondback bikes via an irresistible sale. They arrived and we assembled them ourselves but they just didn't feel "right". A couple calls around town and we decided to take them to Golden Spoke for some tuning. When we arrived the guys at the desk immediately knew information about our specific model and helped us check them in. Initially quoted a couple days, our bikes were both ready later that day. The best part? They realized that the bikes only needed a little work and didn't charge us for the full "tune-up". Needless to say, their stand-up service, while less profitable today, will guarantee our faithful return visits.
5	I think my bike is working better than when I bought it [8] years ago. I took my Specialized HardRock in for a tuneup and it was done in just a few days and looks great too. Thanks John, GREAT job.
5	This is the reason I like shopping with a small local place.  I went in late in the afternoon with a leaky tire.  He confirmed my suspicion that I would need a new tube and proceeded to install it while we chatted about bicycles and small business climate.  Then he tried to charge me less than the service was worth, especially as I did not have to make a second trip back to pick up the tire.They have been in business with the same owner for I think over 20 years, now in their 3rd location.  I have an issue with a seat post so I will be back in soon.
