5	A-MAZING. I do not like these yogurt places, but I went with my college friend who eats it for lunch sometimes!  You walk in and you can sample the different flavors - they have five tart flavors and five non-tart flavors.For tart flavors they had original, pineapple, pomegranate, mango and I think another one.  For the non-tart they had dark chocolate, green tea, a choco/hazelnut, green tea and taro.  I may be missing a flavor? I didn't get a taste of them all..  I don't like the tart yogurt, but the pomegranate flavor was tasty.I opted for cheesecake and dark chocolate and added some fruity pebbles and a mix of fruit- strawberry, kiwi, banana and mango.Be warned - you get as much yogurt and toppings as you want, but you pay by its WEIGHT. :) Delicious. I wish they would open one in Boston!
4	How exquisitely diabolical!  Take the inate qualities of greed and avarice bred into the American psyche, hand someone a large empty cup, point them to a wall of flavors, tell them to have at it, and then charge them by the ounce when they are done.  Ingenious!!Thanks to the always lovely Faith D., my final reckoning was without cost or consequence.  It's probably a good thing too.  I might have been pissed at someone (if only myself) when the young girl at the cash register asked me for $5.81 + tax.  I only pulled a small sample of several of the flavors (or so I thought) as this was my first time there.I will say that every one of the flavors was quite good!  I will return....with a much steadier hand!!
4	Yoforia is growing on me...especially when they have free yogurt days! My husband and I stopped by to get a free cup of yogurt and we had a great time! It was also fun to see all the other customers enjoying the day too.Delicious! I really enjoyed the fresh fruit toppings! The employees were very friendly! Great location and a nice addition to the Myers Park area.
4	It's 90 degrees, muggy and sticky.... and Yoforia is perfect solution. This Yoforia is in a great location, facing Selwyn Rd. right down the way from Nolen Kitchen. Inside, Yoforia is super clean and bright with an easy yogurt creation process. Sanitize your hands, grab a mini tub and fill with whatever your want. There are a myriad of flavors, everything from the tart original or pomegranate to the rich Ferrero Roche and cheesecake. Your yogurt creation is weighed by the ounces, $.39 per ounce to be exact so don't go too crazy!I've tried a few different creations: Ferrero Roche & Cheesecake with walnuts and chocolate chips, and another creation - Pineapple with shaved coconut and strawberries. Each creation was equally delicious and low(ish) in sugar and calories. The froyo averages 25 calories and 5 grams of sugar per ounce. Plus, the topping bar has a ton of choices - from Fruity Pebbles, to pineapple to Butterfinger bits. Thirsty froyo seekers take note though, they do not sell any beverages here! BYOW - bring your own water. :) I highly recommend Yoforia to satisfy any sweet tooth!
5	Truth? I would marry Yoforia if I could. Charlotte has been in need of a unique fro yo place like this for soooooo long. This place reminds me of the fro yo places out west as most of them are self serve with an array of toppings then weigh your cup to determine the price. I love the variety of flavors they have (ranging from fruity ones like mango, blueberry, pomegranate to decadent ones such as cheesecake, dark chocolate and peanut butter). Their toppings are out of this world---fresh fruit, cereal (yay Fruity Pebbles!!), candies, crumbled cookies and different sauces such as caramel, chocolate, honey, etc. I love that you can go in, get out at your own pace and I've never had to wait in the line and the cashiers are young and have a sunny disposition. The only bone to pick with this place is the parking but oh well, it's Charlotte.
4	So fresh and so clean.  Best fro-yo in Charlotte.  Far better than Pinkberry, although I usually appreciate a little NYC/California influence.  I like the vanilla with strawberries, pineapple, blackberries, and raspberries so I can pretend to be healthy.  Sometimes I drop the pretense and go with a pound of Oreos and marshmallows.  It is nice to have fresh strawberries and other fresh sliced fruits, not junk from a can (i.e. TCBY, etc).  Only complaint is they are always "out" of the smaller tubs and make you take a bucket - which of course causes you to buy more.  I asked and was told they stopped using the smaller tubs due to concerns about peanut allergies and cross-contamination - an explanation that made no sense so I tend to think it was a monetary decision.
3	Is there no middle ground between the simplicity (perhaps over-simplicity) of Tasty Yo and the ultra-modern trappings of Yoforia?  This massive edifice to fro yo and they have like three seats inside.  There is a nice enough patio/fountain outside, but really - they could have done with a better interior designer, yo.For one thing the process is really something you have to grow into.  They do have an instruction manual of sorts on a board, and it's easy enough to do, but then there is a hodge-podge stack of cups next to the requisite hand sanitizer.  The real problem I have here is that it's all jumbled together, and you dispense your fro you into the cup prior to moving to the fro yo dispensers - way before you even think about toppings.  For germ-o-phobes (you know who I'm talking about), the sanitizer should really be between the dispensers and the toppings, shouldn't it?If you manage to navigate the instructions, you'll get a tub of cardboard for your fro yo.  You should probably not fill it to the top for two reasons.  One is because you won't have any room for your toppings.  Two is because they charge by the ounce and this thing is massive.  Just because the tub is gigantic does not mean it has to be filled to the brim.There are some nice fro yo flavors, which is a benefit over, say, Tasty Yo, which has, well, one.  I also like that they don't seem to have that funky fro yo aftertaste that you often get.  If you're an enterprising soul and don't mind your flavors co-mingling you can easily fit at least four into the tub.  That does make toppings more challenging, but it's all about the fro you adventure, right?  Yo ho ho and all that.Toppings on the bar have a decent selection, but they could be chopped a bit better, and the syrupy variety could be displayed better, rather than hidden behind one of the supports of the sneeze barrier, yo.  The first time through I didn't even realize you could squirt something on top of it all (easily account for another few cents in the cup).  But they are there.  You just have to look for them.All-in-all, it's an interesting experience, and a nice treat on a cool day.  But be aware that you might spend more than expected!
4	Yoforia, what a great concept, clean inviting store, oh so modern and brightly colored decor.  Yummy product, plenty o' flavors to choose from and you can get as little or as much as you would like with the handy dandy DIY wall of satisfaction.I enjoy the yo as much as the next guy, my only little quirk is the large portion bowl, it drives me batty, there are two sizes, mucho grande and super size me super big gulp, both portions no one should be eating that much yogurt, fresh fruit, cereal, m&m, marshmallow and teddy grahams. The people that go to Yoforia know the ploy- you give people a larger plate or bowl and they will fill it. Come on, we watch 20/20.... and don't even get me started about all the waste of paper products. Let me step off my soapbox and talk about my favorite flavors of dark chocolate and peanut butter with a few m&ms.
4	I really love this Yoforia.  It is in a great location on Selwyn, right next door to Selwyn Pub and across from Mellow Mushroom (creates the perfect opportunity to stop in after a meal).  I like the outdoor courtyard with the fountain.  Empty Yoforia cups are useful as boats in the fountain too!The best froyo places are pay by weight and that's how Yoforia works.  There are a ton of different yogurt flavors and a good selection of toppings.  All in all delicious!  My favorite frozen yogurt in Charlotte.
4	Walking into Yoforia was like entering  dessert-I-can-pretend-is-healthy heaven. Its bright and clean and 10 or so flavors of delicious froyo flow directly from its walls. Not sure which delicious creamy or tart flavor you want? Grab tasting cups from by the register and give a few a try. I'm partial to the tart fruity flavors, pomegranate or pineapple, but chocolate, pb and ferrero rocher are delish too.Next, head over to the toppings bars (that's right, fruit is a separate topping area). They are not as cereal-heavy as some yogurt places but really, if there is a general flavor or texture you are looking for, they have it. Oh, and they got extra points with me for having blackberries.Since they charge by the ounce, it can sometimes be a little harrowing to see exactly how much dessert you have taken on. But just remind yourself that fruit is heavy and you are making a good life choice.
3	when i worked at the mall i would go into yoforia and get some frozen yogurt and pile on things like captain crunch, gummy bears, oreo pieces, etc. it was awesome because i worked at the mall and i needed something to keep my spirits high. these days  the only thing that really gets on my nerves is that the frozen yogurt always tastes slightly sour. am i crazy here? does this happen to anyone else? i may just stick to regular ice cream because i love sugar. and i mean who is to stop me from going to the store, getting a tub of ice cream and pouring captain crunch inside of it? lemme tell you guys something, it would cost less than doing it with frozen yogurt at yoforia. also i hate that they are always out of small tubs and you have to get the big ones and then you inevitably fill it with way more than you wanted to. hey but the view from the courtyard is nice right?
4	I went to the yoforia tent at the Wells Fargo Championship -so this isn't a review of this exact store. Well it was hot and I just worked at 12 hour shift (my company volunteers and gives the proceeds to Wounded Warrior Project) so I needed some ice cold deliciousness. They had an array of options but I went with classic vanilla bean with double fresh blackberries and strawberries ( 3 toppings for $4.75)- I don't know if it was the heat but that tasted like heaven! I am not a huge sweet eater bur I was really sad to hit the bottom of my cup. I loved the freshness of the toppings and will go here next time I get a craving for a light dessert.
4	Refreshing. Addicting. I can't stop coming here, especially the hotter that it gets. The staff probably thought my friend and I were on crack, as we were laughing hysterically as she dumped candy, cereal...basically anything with tons of sugar...on the delectably delicious frozen yogurt. What can I say, frozen yogurt brings the inner child out of me. I love this chain - the only thing is (which seems to be a common theme from my reviews) is that the parking is HORRIBLE. Seriously, who designed the roads and shopping centers of Charlotte? There are so many busy businesses in this area, people often times park in the ritzy neighborhoods surrounding it. They even have a police officer aka parking nanny on hand. A little excessive, but, I digress. Check it out - but you might want to take a cab, public transportation, or fly there.
4	Desperately searching for ice cream / dessert after a great meal in Plaza Midwood... we drove across town seeing how this listing of Yoforia promised to be open until 11pm.  Unfortunately, that's only on weekends!   We managed to get there around 9:55pm and there were still people there enjoying their treats... the two staffers were moving in some tables from the rain, but were still in good spirits.  I'm sure it would get old really fast if people kept showing up at the last minute before closing, but that wasn't the case.I love where this place is located off of Selwyn.. the only fault I find with it is how far away I live from it!  I will keep my fingers crossed to see a Yoforia in Matthews in the near future, but for now, I will have to make do with the DQs and Ritas....I always feel embarrassed when I become "that guy" that walking in minutes before closing, so I just chose a flavor and threw some toppings on it so I could get out of there by 10pm.  Next time, I will pay attention to the flavor offerings... more closely... I did notice the green glass tile wall where the yogurt dispensers were located:  Pretty awesome and clean look.   There's a lot of space inside and a great fountain to sit around on a hot day.
4	Yoforia on Selwyn has become a fun destination for which my husband and I often make up any excuse possible to drop by for a treat. I like being able to sit outside by the fountain and watch people enjoy themselves in the courtyard and at the new shops/restaurants across the street. The myriad of kids threatening to fall into the fountain while their parents blab on with their friends is pure entertainment. The interior seating is nice too. It is not as bright inside as Menchie's and Pinkberry.After learning the hard way to not fill up my bucket to the rim with fro-yo, I appreciate the large size. I like being able to mix flavors if I want (faves are plain, peanut butter, and taro). I also enjoy the freedom to apply my own toppings. Their plain/tart yogurt is probably my least favorite out of the three main fro-yo places in Charlotte, but the toppings (which are usually high quality and fresh) make up for the blandness and slight lack-of-freshness.Two annoyances with Yoforia:  one is under their control, and the other is not.  Yoforia rotates toppings, and I find this annoying. I want Reese's Pieces, but they invariably leave them out of the running. Sometimes they have this and that; sometimes they don't. Meh.The other thing is the freaking parking. It has always been pretty bad there. And, with the arrival of Reid's, it is absolutely, certifiably miserable now. I feel bad for the homeowners on Colony because their street is now one large parking lot. The parking situation makes me think twice about going to Yoforia.
4	Finally visited a real location instead of a booth. It was a cute little shop with seating out front...brought the pup and friends and had a nice little evening. I love their yogurt, does all yogurt taste this good? Delicious. I went with Taro/ Vanilla bean strawberries, blackberries, raspberries and a bit of shredded coconut. It was so tasty! I love that you can try before you commit to a flavor or else I would have never tried Taro but wow it's a new favorite! I can see  how one could really go nuts in this place because I had a modest cup for about $3.95 but if you like a large amount then this might not be the most cost effective treat. I was really disappointed that they didn't have Ferrero Rocher  as listed on their website as they are my favorite candies and would have liked to try that. I also tried the pistachio which was downright gross ... and that's usually a favorite of mine - it tasted really odd though. So I'd avoid that one ...
4	It has been a long time since I've had frozen yogurt, but I fell in love again with this somewhat healthy treat after attending Saturdays at Selwyn. My boyfriend and I went and filled up our cups with about 3 different flavors and piled on toppings from fresh fruit to chocolate chips and caramel. We had a coupon, which was nice considering it was our first time. The next day I decided that I needed some more Yoforia in my life and we drove the almost 30 min drive back to Selwyn Ave for it. A lover of great food and anything sweet, I got my fix of raspberry yogurt. It's a great after dinner snack that's not too heavy, not to mention the atmosphere is perfect. You can sit outside and enjoy the weather, people watch, etc. Definitely one of my new favorite places.
3	I like the ol Yoforia & really like this location, since it's across from Mellow Mushroom. :D  I have my pizza, then walk across the street to Yoforia.As typical yogurt places go, you get what you pay for, meaning how much your tub weighs is the price per ounce you'll pay.  Watch out for this! You'll think to yourself, "hey, this isn't a lot" & go to check out & are "wow'ed".Another comparasion is the rotation of flavors. I am a huge fan of the pineapple. They don't really have a huge selection of toppings in my opinion (menchie's wins this hands down). Also, depending on when you're there, they fruit may seem a little mushy.  Also, that area gets pretty messy & if they're busy it stays unkept.Overall, the shop itself is clean & there's seating inside & outside. Of course on nice days, the front of the store is popular!  They're dog friendly too (outside only of course) with several water bowls out front.
5	As a vegan, I really like this place. I know, I know, you're probably like "Wha?! but-but-but Yogurt is-is made with Milk. From Cows." Right you are, sharp reader! But! Yoforia carries a soft-serve non-dairy option. When I dropped in here, there was some fantastic raspberry sorbet. I dumped Oreos (yes, they are vegan) and almonds on it. I was in heaven.The hired help seems like some cool kids, the dairy-atized yogurt seemed creative (peanut butter, green tea, and pistachio? Pretty neat), and there were too many toppings to keep track of. You can find a combination for anyone- health nut or goody gorger.So, yeah. Next time I'm in the mood for a super sweet treat, I'll definitely be back!
4	I visited this location on a hot day after walking in Freedom Park and it really hit the spot. I do not know whether it is because it is organic or otherwise, but the yogurt itself was much more flavorful and rich than I have experienced at other froyo shops. Perhaps it is the Stoneyfield yogurt? Anyway, well done there!There was a good mix of flavors available, and some I have never had in froyo form, such as pineapple and Ferrero Rocher. I like that they stick to more basic flavors than some of the kiwi/pumpernickel/chocolate/nutter butter flavors I have seen in other places.It is usually toppings that makes or break a froyo place for me. Yoforia has the best fresh fruit selection that I have seen in Charlotte. Fresh cut mango, blackberries, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, kiwi, and more are available. There is none of that canned fruit being served here. For that, I love Yoforia. Now, if they only had pomegranate... On the other hand, the more candy/chocolate/sugar based toppings seemed a bit lacking compared to other places.Finally, it did seem a bit more expensive than other places, so don't go too crazy.The bottom line: come here if in the mood for a fresh fruity froyo
3	With frozen yogurt places cropping up all over the place, it takes something special to make a particular one stand out.  I would call this place descent, yet fairly run-of-the-mill.The good:  great fresh fruit topping selection; all of the typical frozen yogurt flavors you would expect; clean, colorful interiorThe not so good:  some flavors of yogurt were runny; expensive - I've been to many other yogurt places like this and this one was definitely more expensive than usual.
5	Excellent selection... Friendly staff... Open late and fat free! What more could you desire!
5	I frequent several fro-yo shops (more than I would care to admit) and I have to say that Yoforia is still my favorite.  Even though I think a couple of the other places have a broader range of flavors...and switch them up more often, I think Yoforia's flavor is the best.Don't forget to get your frequent buyer card...if you go as often as me, it really pays off.
3	Love frozen yogurt but the ac is never on inside the shop so my yogurt melts before I finish...turn the ac on! Anyways besides the ac that they don't want to turn on the yogurt is okay, seems like the toppings are more sweet candies or sweet everything. They do have some fruit but not fresh!
4	Yoforia is officially our household's #1 fro-yo destination!The quality of the yogurt here is really high, but it's not too rich and overly sweet like some other places I've tried. Yoforia satisfies your hankerin' for something sweet and cold, but not leaving you guilty (lower in calories than ice cream and contains pro-biotics!)My favorite thing about Yoforia (vs. places like Pinkberry) is that you can custom make your bowl yourself. I'm the type of person who wants to get 3 flavors and have a certain topping on each one (but still in the same bowl) and then only 3 raspberries, 1 blackberry, and just a pinch of coconut over it all... well if you're OCD like me, this is the place for you!Fro-yo and toppings are weighed by the ounce, and in my opinion you get a really good deal as long as you don't go overboard.Favorite flavors: pomegranate, mango, taroThis Yoforia would probably get 5 stars if the parking lot out back wasn't so limited. On the weekends I have to park down the street and hike all the way. Meh.
4	I came in here today to cool down from the 105 degree weather and it worked like a charm. There were ample of options for yogurt flavors (as well as non-dairy options). After sampling a few I choose the Pomegranate and it was fantastic. Other options included Original, Vanilla, Cookies and Cream, and many more. The only negative was that the toppings were a little limited, but the options that they had were nice and fresh.
3	I feel that this is one of the healthier choices for frozen yogurt.  The location is convenient although parking can be very tight.  The price per ounce has significantly increased lately which is why I give it 3 stars.
1	No no no... The service was terrible. We walked in at 9:00pm on a Saturday night after having dinner across the street. I had to check the hours on the door to make sure they were open as the employee was too busy with closing duties to greet us. She didn't even acknowledge us. That was a bit off-putting but I still wanted fro-yo. I looked around for some tasting cups but didn't find any. I asked the employee, that was busy putting paper towels down on the drip trays on all the fro-yo machines, for them. She grudgingly walked behind the counter to get us some. Ok... fine... She made it really clear that we were not welcome there. I still took my sample cups and started to pull the levers to try some flavors. To my surprise, the frozen yogurt was far from frozen. They were just a big  melted mess, spurting a partially frozen, sticky slurry on my hands. That might have explained all the flashing red lights on the machines. I asked the employee why they were like that. She answered, with no shortage of attitude, that it was really slow and that was why they were like that. She offered no solution. That was the last straw. I left without making a purchase. I had no desire to spend my money at a place where I didn't feel welcome. I really don't need employees rolling their eyes at me. There are lots of other fro-yo spots that are much more pleasant! Needless to say, I will not be returning to this location.
