5	Lanza did a great job installing my flat screen tv above our fireplace and calibrating our new sound system. Their installers came on time and were very professional. The whole process took about 2 and a half hours and they made sure to sweep up the dry wall mess before they left. I would definitely recommend them.
5	If you are looking for the right company to install your home theater system, please stop and call Lanza.  We worked with Scott who was wonderful in setting up our home theater, including installing the wall mount speakers, calibrating the sound, assisting with the wi-fi connection, etc., etc.  No project would be too difficult for Lanza! Check out the website.  Scott is coming back next week to program a logitech remote.He is thorough, professional and cleans up.  We are now loving our new TV, streaming Netflix and enjoying our music.  Don't use anyone else--we are certainly glad we found Scott through Yelp!!
5	Scott came out to my house from Lanza audio video. After 2 prior attempts with other companies that never came back to finish, Scott got the job done thoroughly. He programed both my new Harmony 700 universal remotes to operate my entire system & finished hooking up my receiver properly & took the time to show me how to use everything. I was happy to have founded him on Yelp & he came through even though I live off 115 ave & Happy Valley. Highly recommend them and he is a good value for what you get.
5	I love these guys.  Not only did they save me money and do a great job at installing my new flat screen (no cords!!!), but they also had some great recommendations on how I can implement other modern technology into my house.  Everything from streaming movies over wi-fi, to ways to wire surround sound better, and new technology that is coming.  These guys don't just install it, they actually know all the technical details about the products and are able to explain it to me in plain English!  I highly recommend them for any technology issue.
5	The Lanza Crew were and are spectacular.  I had six estimates from other AV engineers and companies in the valley and Lanza's quote ranked 3rd of all my quotes.  We are not a sports bar, but we had a big project for our clinic.  Lanza helped install 20 LED screens, 7 ceiling speakers from a different sound source, and 12 CCTV security system  so their bid was reasonable.  Never get the highest or cheapest bid especially for this sort of work including security system.  No one is perfect however what gave Lanza 5 stars was their dedication to customer service.  They accommodated our schedules and listened to our concerns and addressed them in a timely manner.  Scott even gave some cost saving measures as well as things that will help me upgrade when I need to in the future.  What also sets Lanza apart from other companies is their passion to provide the state-of-the-art home theater, security, and sound system without the cost that others require a stimulus package to afford. When my patients are always entertained and satisfied despite the occasional long wait, this equals good business.  When my staff is feels safe that we have security system to protect them and their belongings, this equals good business.  Choosing Lanza became a great business decision.
5	Lanza did a top notch job on AV for my restaurant. Different zones playing music or sports from the bar to the dining room. They even ran speakers into the restrooms for that added touch. The system they used is clear as a bell and booms if I need it to. Diners always comment on the clarity of the picture on the 42" flat screen. Will have them redo my house in the very near future as well!
5	Scott and Mark did a fabulous job in the installation of my 60 " Sony LED on my fireplace wall.  They were knowlegable, efficient and totally meticulous in making sure the job was done right.  I initially just wanted a basic install but Scott assured me I would not be satisfied and encouraged me to do it right.  This more than likely cost him more time and expense but it shows in the final product.  He takes a lot of pride in his workmanship and it definitely shows.  As stated I would highly recommend them.
5	Lanza Home Theater & Security was able to quickly help us configure some components that another video & video contractor was not able to. Scott came in, was neat as a pin, polite, pleasant, and knowledgeable. When we had questions/concerns he was responsive. Most importantly our system works great and we know who to call if we need a professional in this field.
5	Scott and his crew installed speakers on my patio, linking them to my entertainment center inside my house. They finished quickly, charged a fair price, and everything looks and sounds great. I've already told my friends and family about this great local business and I intend to use them in the future.
5	I don't write many reviews, but feel when I write them that they are completely warranted.  We renovated our living room and what I was most interested in was setting up surround sound (and while setting it up in there, why not hook up the outside and great room!).  He came  over for the consultation with images and suggestions. Spent a while with us without being rushed or rushing us, explaining the process and scoping out the area.  He arrived with his guys that week and they do all their own work.  They are meticulous, knowledgeable and respectful and finished when they said they would!  They did all the construction and it looks amazing- very clean and fits in perfectly.  They suggested the speakers and receiver and they are amazing.  Scott than spent 2-3 hours giving us a tutorial so we can maximize our usage of our new system (Denon receiver, speakers, universal remote).  We had some glitches with the internet (not because of him) and he went above and beyond to figure it out and solve the problem.  More importantly, we have had a few blips here and there, again with our internet connection, and he has been immediately responsive (by e-mail and phone) and has come out to troubleshoot multiple times. His customer service is second to none and I don't think you would get the same with any AV company.  They love their job and are passionate about customer satisfaction.  I see them being very successful and will use them for sure when the next room needs anything AV related. Trust me...you won't go wrong.
5	What a great company to work with. There crew was awesome did exactly what i wanted for a great price. This is the place to go....
5	This local company gets it. I used them to work in my chiropractic office for a small job and was so impressed, I had them set up my home system. They were able to do everything I described, which wasn't easy. We had to hang flat screens, bring power, they did it all! The customer service was right on point. They were polite, clean and accessible. My family has now used them and we will surely use them again in the future.
5	Lanza AV provided another successful install of my new 65 inch LED TV, as well as totally tuning up the TV and home theater system. Scott and his crew are the best at what they do, and I would not spend one dime on any other company that does this type of work without talking to Lanza AV. It will be time and money well spent!
5	This company and it's staff are top notch in all aspects! I have used them on several projects over the past year and couldn't be happier. Scott and his crew are always on time and the work quality has been exceptional. They are also extremely knowledgable about the latest products and apps that go with them. I specifically appreciate this because I am a tech minded person that loves to use the latest gadgets to their fullest potential. Lanza installed a complex camera, TV monitoring and alarm system at my 6,000sf office at the best price I could find and I only had one small issue with it that wasn't their fault. (faulty camera) Once I notified them about this, they came out the very next day and swapped out the camera with no cost or complaint. I haven't had any issues with it in almost a year and you simply can't ask for better service than that. The Lanza crew also came to my home and set up an amazing surround sound system across multiple rooms in a single day. You won't regret using them.
5	After I moved, I attempted to set up my home theater system and continually failed to produce any sound. I finally tired of the frustration and checked Yelp to get someone in to help me. when I saw the excellent comments, I called and made an appointment for Lanza AV to come out. Scott showed up and I recognized him as the person who had received rave reviews on Yelp! Over the next couple of hours, I found out that my tuner was in need of help.Scott called the Denon company right there and found out a board would need replacing. I thought through the choices Scott discussed with me and decided to buy a new tuner. Scott installed the tuner, cleaned up the packing materials and left everything clean and me happily listening to my system! Scott was so great to work with. he was honest, polite, clean and had a well supplied truck to handle anything that came up. After getting the system set up he sat down to explain the use of the remotes and made sure I was comfortable operating everything. Their policy is that his office would be calling me back in a couple of days to follow up just in case I needed help with operation. I could not ask for more! Great Job and great service. Thanks again Scott!
5	These guys are great. They know their stuff. Anything I asked them to do the knew how to do it and how to do it right. Thanks guys.
2	After 5 quotes and doing my research I went with Lanza. AJ came and did the estimation. Sent the quote and worked with me for 2 weeks to come up with a package that met my budget.  Gave an itemized quote for equipment, Labor etc. I compared the price with Amazon and other outlets and it was very competitive. Worked with my schedule and came and installed on the day they promised. Initially projector was not mounted properly, But came next day and completed it.
5	Ross and Gilbert did a great job! They explained the process as they worked and did a great clean up job as well. Totally worth it!
5	Use these guys.  Super professional.  We are a company in Denver and scheduled an install in Scottsdale.  Our hardware provider did not deliver everything to the site, so Gilbert had to learn how to use the touch panel on the fly and do a ton of stuff outside of the scope of a normal tv install.  He handled it like a pro and I'm sure our client never even new there were problems.   We will def use again.
5	I called Lanza because of the reviews I found online about their service. I called and scheduled for the rep to visit my home to provide me with a quote for the work I was looking to have done. He was on time, very professional and friendly, walked me through all of my options and gave a fair estimate for the work to be completed (replace existing in ceiling surround speakers with new, upgraded speakers, installed existing speakers in my patio which needed to be fully wired). I agreed to have the work done and we scheduled for the following week, the day before Thanksgiving. On the day of the install, the techs, along with the rep who provided the quote, showed up as scheduled. It was a nice touch to have the person I originally discussed everything with to be there showing the techs exactly what needed to be done. Very nice touch! Absolutely no confusion about the install and the techs went right to work. The techs installed everything as requested, install was very clean and professionally done and they cleaned up after themselves. They were also careful when going out to the patio to close the door behind them every time, not allowing my cat to escape. One of the techs even spent some time helping me troubleshoot an issue I was having and assisted me getting my settings corrected on my sub woofer. All in all I was very impressed with the service I received from start to finish with Lanza. I didn't shop them so I can't say whether or not I could have received a lower price, but I doubt the service would have been as thorough and I doubt I would have been as happy. Having said that, the price was very fair in my opinion. It was nice having them also do some cord management for me, cleaned up all my wires very nicelyI don't write many reviews but these guys deserve another 5 stars. I will definitely use them again in the future!Brian in Chandler
1	Based on an outstanding Yelp rating I called these guys. My first red flag was the $25 fee for driving to Mesa for an estimate. I agreed to the fee and set the appointment. Second red flag was when they no-show and no-call'd the appointment. I'm done, no third flag needed.
5	The level of customer service and expertise from Lanza is excellent.  They worked tirelessly with me to build an outstanding home theater system.  I recommend them fully without reservation.
