5	So I got hit by a construction truck and I've been going here for adjustments and Massages. This place is great! Dr Melody has done wonders to make me feel better. It's been very homey and the staff makes you feel welcome. I love the atmosphere. They do onsite xrays and adjustments. I've always felt comfortable coming in given that I hate doctors. Now for my massages done by Heather Banks. She is amazing and she does try to get your problem areas out. She's funny and her room is very relaxing. Definitely by far the best massage I've ever had.( ok medicinal massage) No happy endings here. Well I wish they had dinner - then it would definitely be a happy ending!
5	I was referred to this practice by my Chiropractor, Dr. Beau @ Chiropractique in San Diego.    He recommended I come here for a therapeutic massage to continue my treatment/care given I would be away from home and unable to see him from Tues - Fri of this week.   I was in a car accident on 9/4 and given the nature of the accident (rear end --- that I watched happen in the rear view mirror!!), my neck, back and shoulders are a mess!!  It sits in a strip mall near the corner of Fort Apache and W. Flamingo and is set a little bit back from the front of the strip mall so you need to look a little bit to find it.  Parking is no issue, there is plenty around.I made my appointment with LaTrice yesterday and got in for a 4pm appointment today.   She was professional and helpful in getting me scheduled for the right service. +1Lindsay was my masseuse and whhooooa!  I don't think I've ever had a massage like that.  Given the state of my condition, the massage was thorough and effective.  Was it relaxing, ...no... But I gotta tell you what... its a shame she's not in San Diego where we live!  I was in there for therapy on my condition and that is what I got.  I was actually trying to think of how I felt afterward.  Some massages you feel 'relaxed'...this was more like 'relief'...like she mashed all the knots out of my back, shoulders and neck...it was tough work getting there, but I would say 'relief' is definitely the ticket. +2I have NEVER had a massage on a heated table.  The table was heated, the neck roll was heated, the blanket covering was warm and scented...it was truly a bilssful experience.  I don't have a giant list of things that peeve me but I HATE being cold during a massage...so this was so wonderful!!  +2I also have never had a full body massage include such lengthy hand and foot treatment...most full body massages I have, the practitioners must forget the hands and feet are attached to 'the body'...helllloooo! +2From her observation of the condition of  my muscles, she recommended and applied 'cupping' on my back in those knotted areas.. That is definitely a different sensation.  The goal is to bring blood flow to the muscles to free them from their knotted state.  I would get that again...I could feel the difference and so could she... +2The aromatherapy was light, non-intrusive and perfect. The room temperature was wonderful. The music was wonderful.  And the low lighting was perfect too. +2Lindsay is caring, knowledgeable about her trade and whenever I am in town again, I will definitely schedule my massage with her, then go hop in the hot tub at the time share to continue my relaxation! +2I know i can only give 5 stars, but there were so many things that gave this place +++, I had to rack up the points in the review!So -- while having to go get treatment when I could have been having fun in Vegas --- I can say that at least I was in good hands with the professionals at Serenity Spinal.Misc:You may have paperwork to fill out ahead of time, so arrive earlier than your appointmentLooks like a family place with people of all ages, but not so crazy like a children's playground at McDonaldsThe adjusting area looks to be totally openThey accept walk ins.This is not a SPA, so if you're looking for spa massage, you can travel to the strip and pay $255...I paid less than 1/3 of that!
5	Best hands down! Friendly & courteous staff  & very knowledgeably. Has treated my hip & neck injuries successfully!
