5	This is one of my favorite places to visit when I go to Montreal. What first attracted me was the giant Unibroue sign on the outside, and as I'm a sucker for this-I naturally was led right in. The staff are all very friendly, and seem like they're having a good time, the atmosphere is an excellent journey away from the city outside, playing middle eastern music and leading you in to a place that just doesn't feel like you're in Montreal anymore. Oh, and the shishas are excellent. But I'm sure that's not relevant.
5	I had such a great time here. Atmosphere is cool and crowd is very young and laid back. Here you can come to have a drink, smoke out a hookah or even have some after dinner desert. I ordered a pitcher of sangria which was very sweet and filled with fruit. I would definitely order this again. For shisha I had peach which when down smooth. if you are not into peach shisha don't worry they have up to 15 different kinds of shisha's. If I had more time in Montreal I would have come back again but I can guarantee next time I come to Montreal I will be visiting Cafe Gitana again!!!
4	Great hookah, great ambiance and great, friendly service. We stopped here for a bit wine and hookah and ended up staying for hours and hours. The staff was super friendly and the hookah choices were extensive. The prices vary but the quality is all top-notch. They stay open until 3am and we ended closing up the place. The decor is lovely as well, equipped with a nice lounge area with huge ceilings. C'etait un bon temp!
4	Great shisha, reallly small and busy place. Friendly Arabic environmentThe street is totally under construction, so you its a maze to get to the front door
5	This hookah cafe is small, cozy and adorable. I got a fruity local beer that was delicious and went well with the shisha I ordered. Service is super friendly (the waitress gave me a sample of the beer before I ordered it).They have a limited food selection (mostly just desserts) but plenty of drink choices.
3	Cafe gitana is like a roller coster sometimes it's good sometimes it's crap. Sometimes the music level is so strong that you feel like you are in a club... The worst part is that they play arabic music when 75% of the customer are not even arabic?!?I love shisha but they have given me several time bad shisha experience. Sometimes the shisha were so dirty that when you inhale black chuck of dirt comes out of it ( this is due to employee not washing the hose properly) Other times the shisha pressure valve were broken. They put black electrical tape on it to create some kind of pressure... At 15$ the shisha don't be cheap and just buy new shisha not try to repare it because it does have an effect. I never tried the food. Most of the time i order a big min tea or sangria which are good. On week-end the place is so full that they open the second floor which is very akward since its so thigh and packed with fume that staying there more than 10 min will give you diziness. Also they have another cafe gitana 2 next door. Basically a room that they rent. In order to have  a shisha you have to pay at cafe gitane 1 and then bring it yourself to number 2. Very wierd and akward.Probably because they are bypassing the law so that they don't have to pay for a smoking/cigar permit from the city. The decors at cafe gitana 2 is very messy and it show that they don't really care about what customer think of them. Anyways cafe gitana is the place to go when there is nothing else left on st-denis to do...Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
5	We were looking for a good hookah lounge or cafe, as we do in every city that we go to.  Cafe Gitana on Rue Saint-Denis hit the mark!  The ambiance was fantastic - from the outdoor seating (or indoor by the windows, in the back room or second level), to the Persian carpets and lounge chairs, to the lighting and music.  There look to be some other hookah lounges in the area, and we even sat down at one other - but the place was grungy and dirty, so we got up and left.The hookah itself was tasty (we had the double apple flavor) and the mint tea - made with fresh tea leaves - was the best that we've had in a while (and that says something, as I try all kinds of tea everywhere I go).Prices were reasonable, and service was decent as well.  We're going back at least once more during this same trip.
2	Came here on a Sunday evening.  We ordered 2 different shisha pipes, one was melon and one was apple.  The melon one was great, but the apple one tasted like black licorice - yuk! Atmosphere is a bit stuffy but bearable if you do shisha regularly.  We also ordered some drinks including a glass of water.  Everything came except for the water.  I reminded the waitress twice about the water and was told "I have to bring all the orders first, then I will get you your water".  It seemed kind of rude of her as we were paying customers and it was part of our drink order.  So one person in our group didn't have a drink.  After we asked for the bill (about 40 mins later), we received our water.Would I go back?  Probably not.
4	This is my favorite hooka lounge in Montreal,  this place gets pretty busy on a Friday night, friendly staff, relaxed environment. Very multicultural at least 3 to 4 languages spoken at a time. Good place to just relax and meet new people but not in the sleazy club way.
5	Great place to hang and enjoy a cigar!  The prices are fair.  Nice selection of cigars,  a full bar and good coffee/cappuccino.  Eat first, (plenty of good choices in this neighborhood) then come here.
3	Hookah bar on Saint Denis. Not too bad and not exceptional neither.There are 2 floors so it's good if you are looking for a place for a group. Many flavors to choose from for the hookah. On top of sodas and tea, I believe you can also order beers and spirits. It's a good option if you are in the neighborhood and looking for a hookah bar.Go early as the place gets quickly packed on Saturdays.
4	Great hookah bar. It had middle eastern tapestry on the walls, middle eastern music playing, and comfortable seating to lounge in.Cafe Gitana was great in their service. The staff checked up on us and promptly brought out our beer and wine. We had gone to another hookah bar the night before, which despite their cheap prices, we weren't a fan. At Cafe Gitana, it costs about $14 for a shisha with two coals. That could last you a good while. We stayed for about an hour and we barely finished one coal.Wish we came here the first night in Montreal. Great place.
4	Fun spot, great hookah, yummy tea, and great music!  It was very crowded on a Friday night, but we were able to get a small table by the door.  Don't be fooled by the small interior, there are bigger rooms to the back and upstairs.  The bellydancer was a little sad-looking, like she was just going through the motions.  Besides that though, I thought the place was great.  They somehow managed to play every arabic pop song I've ever heard in my college years (early 2000s).
5	Had an awesome grape with mint mix and turkish coffee. The staff was very helpful and cheerful especially Wayra. She was great. Definitely going back. Actually I'm on my way :D
4	Great Shishas , only cafe that provides cigars as well. It's a chill place for drinking and smoking :)
5	Been going to this place since my uni days approx 12 years ago. Love the inside decor and the ambiance, truly feels like you are somewhere in the middle east firing off a sheesha. I love their outside seating as well along a very nice strip of St. Denis. Decent prices, really good sheesha and amazing decor inside. I did not have any food or cigars so cannot comment there. They have the basic beers available and some nice Quebec craft, my gf enjoyed a mojito which was relatively well done.For the last 12 years I have been coming here and never left disappointed...
1	Really was turned off from this place. Anti-American place. They treat you different then the locals. Even if you speak french. Slow service. Average everything. Never coming here again!
5	I've been coming here for years- never once has it failed to get me into great spirits. I love this atmosphere, how relaxed people are immediately upon entering. Truly excellent service.
2	Nice location, but shisha (double apple lacked flavor) was weak along with the baklava and mint tea. Only saving grace was the outdoor seating and nice music...unlikely to visit again :(
3	Let me start it of correctly. Being a 1st time visitor in this wonderful city, after researching off the hook on yelp I figured Cafe Gitana would be amazing for my friend who does not drink alcohol and only smokes an occasional cigar. We went it around 8:30pm and was confused on where we should go. We waited about 4 minutes before being acknowledged. A younger lady handed us menus and said sit wherever. We chose to go a short flight of stairs. We waited another 10 minutes before she came to take our order. I don't really do hookah unless I'm with the right group but my friend Bry was fixed on a good cigar. The young lady asked us what we wanted. I ordered basically an 8$ glass of house wine and Bry wanted a cigar. Our server disappeared for 5-8 minutes again before bringing out a cigar menu for him and promptly left after dropping my wine off too. We waited another 15 minutes wondering if we had did anything wrong. Our waitress had been everywhere but out spot. I convinced Bry that it was okay and to relax. Then an angel appeared. There was a young friendly guy who seemed to take control of the whole place. He bounced around from place to place and came over to us. He was friendly, inviting and gave awesome recommendation on cigars for Bry who eventually spent about 22$ on a cigar. He is truly the reason for the two stars as he was literally a breath of positive air. He brought the cigar, ashtray, cutter and even cut it for Bry. He eventually disappeared to spread joy to the rest of Gitana. Out of nowhere the earlier female waitress came back and said it's pay as you go, no credit or debit cards from anything but Canada and pay now. We handed her money and I asked for a dollar back so I could give it to the other guy. I was under the impression they shared tips but as someone whose been in service it's always good to hear you're doing an awesome job. The waitress who has only dealt with us about 3 minutes in total time came back demanding a larger tip and saying what it custom. I explained that the guy had spent more time with us and I also wanted to thank him for helping Bry find the perfect cigar (which he was enjoying very much). Bry was frustrated and didn't understand what he did wrong. I just wanted her to leave us alone. Don't work in service if you can't at least be cordial about it. Don't demand something you don't deserve. Bring us back the Angel. He should be promoted because he really is the only reason beside the ambience that this place get the stars at least for this experience. Thank you sir, you made our night.
