4	Friendly staff, good deals on bike repairs.
5	Have been there several times now for questions and help both on my road bike and mountain bike.Very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful guys. (a  refreshing change to the other bike store close by me).I would have to give them 4 stars out of 5 since they were a little dis-organized  and forgot to contact me when the bike was ready and also some confusion over finding the bill and paper-work. However the work done on my road bike was well done and again - super friendly.Also their folks also put on free clinics (check out meetup)Update 9/7/12Have upgraded them to 5 stars - despite them being occasionally a little disorganized  they have been super helpful and friendly every-time I have been in.   I live right next door to Landis, but never go there anymore due to the rude arrogant service there.  Global bikes have the right attitude and I enjoy going there.Update  11/23/2012Well my son ordered up a ton of parts for a road bike which he was going to build during his 3 week visit and then take it back to Thailand. It was one of these special bikes that can be disassembled, folded and taken on a flight (has special couplings).  Anyways  to cut a long story short - I realized he was never going to get it put together in time and sprung for the dollars for Global to assemble for him. They got it done at short notice with a couple of days to spare. Usual friendly, but slightly dis-organized service.  Also have to give them high marks for the weekly Meetup MTB tour Cale does plus the regular Meetup workshops
5	We met them on a charity bike ride. My bike had not been working, even though "fixed" by my local bike shop multiple times. The guy stopped his car, got out, turned my bike upside-down, and fixed it in maybe 2 seconds. For real. For free. This was in March, and it's now September, and it's still fixed!  We just went to buy my growing son a new bike for his birthday.  He helped him choose from various ones and explained to me pros and cons, and even checked to see if his favorite color was available for order. The aforementioned "bike shop" would not have done this for me. They were grumpy people and barely spoke. The friendly ones who actually were helpful there didn't last long.  I'm so glad we found Global Bikes on that bikeride.Mark even took my son outside and helped him ride down the (wide) sidewalk and back to try it out.FYI if you buy a bike from them, tune-ups are free for life for that bike.
5	We've taken our bikes here(all 4 of them) for something or another over the past year. They have always been very knowledgeable regarding their services/parts and options for repairs.  I had them tune up and fix an old 70's Murray that had been hanging in my parents garage for the last 15 years.  They were awesome and very detailed. They even ordered the white walls that were on the bike originally.  From minor tire repairs, tune ups and complete make-overs, they do a fantastic job.  They call when the bikes are done and even repaired a tire while I waited in the store(5mins).Definitely nice to have a professional shop I can trust with my bikes.Oh and their bike classes are also a big plus. I haven't been in a while but their beginner mountain biking classes on Tuesdays were a BLAST!  Kale is not only a great repairman but also a man mountain biker, even on a single speed.
5	I visited global bike to buy a new bike helmet, but ended up buying a Specialized Road Bike in addition.  The staff here are really nice and I had wanted a road bike so I decided to just go for it. Charlene helped me pick out a bike and has definitely forgotten more about bikes then i will probably ever know.  She had no problem with me trying out about ten different bikes ( there is a neighborhood you can shoot over too that let you get a feel for them) and answered a ton of questions while I tried to decide.  I like sales people who don't pressure you  and let you make up your own mind.  Charlene also did a fit for my road bike after I purchased it which i was surprised at how much better the bike feels and responds after that.  All in all A++ experience and I would highly recommend getting a bike from them.  If you are in doubt ask for Charlene.
1	Horrible experience...all three times.  First of all, don't expect to be acknowledged when you walk in the door. There's always a bunch of guys standing around talking shop. They make eye contact with you, but never say hello. I always end up wandering around the shop, then standing in line waiting for them to stop their conversation before I can buy my item. Today's visit takes the cake. I was riding bikes with my wife about a quarter mile away and got a flat. I said "We're in luck, the bike shop is around the corner." We rode over there, walked in and got no acknowledgement from the guy behind the counter. We went to the repair counter in the back, rang the bell, rang the bell again, then watched the guy look at me and continue a loud conversation about nothing. I don't expect immediate service when they're helping other customers, but an "I'll be right with you" would be nice. Finally, you probably know what's coming, we walked to the door, made eye contact with the guy at the front counter and he still said nothing. We like to shop local and support our community, but we'll be taking our business elsewhere from now on. As a side note, I've never written a bad review for anything before, but I couldn't wait to get home on my flat tire to write this one.
5	Great bike full service bike shop. Good location and great service.
5	Great experiences each time I've been to the store.  Everyone there said hello to me and asked how I was doing.  Mark, however, is the gentleman who ended up helping me out.  I went in looking for a bicycle without much knowledge on the differences between them.  He spent a lot of time going over everything with me, put me on a couple bikes to test ride in the parking lot, and making sure I was comfortable with everything.  I ended up feeling really good about the Specialized Expedition Sport bike.  I told him that before I could buy a new bike, I'd have to make sure my wife was ok with me doing so.  The next day, I returned to the store, with my wife, to buy the bicycle.  It turns out, Mark sold her the same bike as well!  Now, this might not seem like a big deal, selling a second bike to a family, but there's a special circumstance here...my wife has a handicap.  She has a rod in her left leg, so she cannot bend it at all.  She lost her knee 25 years ago and has not been able to ride a bike since.  But, Mark came up with a solution to where she COULD ride a bike again and modified hers so she could pedal with only her right leg.  The folks here, Mark in particular, are really good at getting to know their customers and helping them get exactly what they want.
5	After several years away from cycling, I was unsure of the new technology and changes in cycling. The folks at Global Bikes helped to tell me about all changes and showed great patience as I navigated through my buying decision.My experience with Global Bike's has been nothing short of excellent. Thanks to the team at Global Bikes and keep up the great work.
1	They gave me a quote for $20 for some repairs, after showing up to pick up my bike on the day promised was told that they didn't have a chance to look at it yet, went back the next day and the final price was $55 when asked why wasn't I notified he told me the mechanic had mentioned it to me the day earlier when they hadn't even looked at it. Would have been fine if they would have offered a discounted price for the part all they did was take the brake out they replaced with no apology.
5	Awesome shop and awesome staff. Very friendly, knowledgeable, helpful. Even if you're only looking for basic maintenance or info, this is the shop that you want to come to.
5	I am a rookie cyclist. I recently stopped by Global to buy a few replacement parts. They could not have been friendlier or more helpful. They definitely went above and beyond to help me and answer my stupid questions.  I will be going back.
5	Already great folks to deal with! While I didn't get my bike here, I've used then for supplies (you can never have enough tubes and CO2) and attended many of their excellent classes and rides.
5	I like the variety they have in bikes. Also, they have some cool looking kids bikes. I will go back here again. The people here are helpful and courteous.
5	Fantastic experience with Global Bike! Came in here on a Sunday with my Pops. My14-year-old brother (an avid mountain biker) had been saving up for a Specialized Rock Hopper and Pops agreed to help him make up the costs somewhere due to good grades, working, etc. Nice parents, brah!Wanting to surprise the kid, Pops and I made it look like we were going to the grocery store to pick up some goods for Sunday dinner, so Ryan had no idea. We walk in and Dustin immediately greets us and asks what we were looking for. Turns out, they were out of the bike both for the height he needed and color (he's 6 foot and GROWING). What does Pops do?! Buys a Specialized CRAVE. One top of the line sick looking pair of wheels! Didn't try to sell an additional services or anything; however, the tune-up offer in a month was a great touch. All the guys were super knowledgeable.Paid and loaded it into my car. When we got back to my family's house, I told Ryan to help me unload a case of water. He walked outside, and there was his bike! Wish I could have filmed the reaction because he was ecstatic! Warmed my heart for sure to help with a nice surprise ... Even if he does owe Pops buku bucks now. Overall, I loved the feel of the shop. Reminded me of Road 34 in Fort Collins, CO ... All they needed was a bar with some local brews on tap. Really regret selling my mountain bike when I moved down here from Colorado. After the customer service I experienced today, I will definitely stop by Global Bike on my hunt for a new ride in the next 4-6 months.
