1	Horrible! Most of the employees, including some who were apparently off duty, were too busy hanging around chatting with each other to get orders packed correctly, interact with customers in a friendly manner, or clean the disgusting bathrooms and customer seating area.Edited to add this follow-up: Complained to KFC about the lousy service, wrong food, and disgusting, dirty conditions. Got a standard apology letter with a $5 certificate usable only at the location we told them we'd never go to again. Way to go KFC! Way to listen to your customers. Not that they have to since they're so big, but it makes me question myself every time I get a thought about visiting any of their stores, and I've stopped myself from going there from time to time.
1	I wouldn't do this normally and I am a big fan of KFC Chicken strips; but this location sucks. Bad. Like really bad.I tried to go in just today for lunch. The drive thru was packed, so I walked in. There was a line 9 people deep, and no one taking any orders. The staff seemed to be working, but no cashier?!?! Not even anyone acknowledging the line. The one person who was inside getting thier order (to go) had to get them to correct it as they gave him the wrong chicken.It's at least the 2nd time that I've had bad luck at this KFC, and I waited 5 minutes in line then I left (still no new orders in front of me either).Sorry KFC, you won't see me here again...
1	Just a quick update - this KFC shut down just a few weeks ago. There still might be someone in line tho...
3	As of 11 Nov, 2010, this store is open.
3	Been here twice in the last three months. Chicken and sides are OK, employees are very friendly, but when I ask twice for BBQ sauce for my strips and don't get it...Can't speak to the interior cleanliness as I did drive-thru both times, but outside looks decent.
1	I was apprehensive to begin with, but it's a newer looking restaurant so I gave it a try. I guess it was a bad idea. The food was old and lacked taste. Old chicken becomes very chewy and I just gave up without finishing my meal. I wish I could say the few bites I did have were worth the calories, but it was not the case.
4	This location is a decent one. They did forget two items from our order, however, and we called and talked to the manager. He invited us to order again the next night, which we did, and he made sure we got the two original items we didn't get the night before (fresh and free) and also threw in a free dessert for us. He was very friendly and apologized numerous times for the forgotten items the night before. I've never gotten any bad food from this location, but I've been to better locations.
1	Just stopped in the drive thru for a quick lunch. Not a good experience. The speaker made loud shrieking noises throughout the order process. I was given fries instead of the coleslaw I ordered. The clerk changed that out but brought back the order in a bag that was now crumpled and greasy. Gross.On the way out I noticed the diet Pepsi was undrinkable because it was almost all carbonation. Got back to the office and opened up the sandwich. The bun was burned and had dirty grill marks all over it. A piece of fried chicken that had been sitting somewhere for awhile. All dark meat and stringy. Some kind of sauce slopped on. That's it. Coleslaw was the only part that was any good. I'm on my way to the vending machine now to find something to get the taste out.I usually don't spend this kind of time reviewing a fast food restaurant, but this place is so slipshod it really worries me. If I get food poisoning in the next 24 hours I'll check back in:)
1	Normally I wouldnt waste my time reviewing a fast food restaurant but the service at this KFC is a joke.  I've gone twice the past few months and it has been horrible.  Today the person working the register was also having to expedite the orders which made things super slow.  What was crazy was that the guy behind me ordered a chicken pot pie and they said it would take 35 minutes...and he decided to wait for it.   This place needs to hire more staff and TRAIN them.
5	So for a fast food chain place this was probably one the most pleasant. Latoya was her name i believe she was very nice and had a personality. Most fast food places it's get in get out, i came in here and was greeted with a genuine smile and happy demeanor. I used to work in fast food and i know the how bad the bad days can be and really appreciate those who can be so happy working in a field like this. My food was warm and no complaints. She gave me a cookie for the wait which I didn't feel was very long at all really. The sentiment was nice and appreciated. I ate and left back to work in a small amount of time, my meal was great, and reasonably priced so I have no complaints. Will be returning when I have a short lunch. Thanks!
