3	Easygoing crowd, casual atmosphere.  Lots of room, slow but reliable service.  You can run a tab without a minimum.  Parking in their lot or even street parking is relatively easy.  Great for large groups.  Huge beer selection.  Poor whiskey selection.  The chips (french fries) are a hearty appetizer.  I can't vouch for the rest of the food menu but my friends say it's great.  I'll definitely be back!My only complaint is about the bathrooms.  The men's room floor is where they store beer kegs, so it's an obstacle course every time you must relieve yourself.  And there are no curtains on the window, so you can wave (with your free hand) and make faces at people as you are obviously standing in front of the urinal while guests get in and out of their cars in the parking lot. WTF?
4	As far as I can tell Big Ben's is the only place in Charlotte that has a proper dry English Cider which alone puts it above the crowd.  The food is light years better than most pub food around.  I had the English Bangers & man they are tasty!  Watch out for their mustard though!  It's very dry & very very spicy.  I have heard wonderful things about their breakfast but haven't had a chance to try it out.  The Patio area is wonderful.  It's large & they have lot's of tables that can be combined for larger groups.  There's a great mix of people as well.   The service was excellent, one of the better waitresses we've had in Charlotte.   We had a dog with us & the waistaff doted on him.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.  I will definitely be stopping by more often.
4	I am so fantastically jealous of the meat eaters when I see the cottage pie. I wish they'd make a veggie version. Sigh.The food is authentically English, and the environment can make you forget where you are for the evening. I don't even mind that my only real dinner option is the cheese appetizer...it's a fun cheese plate with lots of relish. There's also the veggie salad that's pretty good.While I often leave hungry, I still like this pub. The bar is stocked with all kinds of goodies, and the patio is as good as any in the area.
4	If you want authentic British food this is the place!  There were four of us there and we had a great time.  The Bangers & Mash were reported to be excellent!  I had the cottage pie and loved loved loved it.  In fact, it was the best I have had without making it myself.  Our friends had Southend Haddock N' Chips which they raved about.  Terrific English fare!
4	A great selection of British beers and British food, Big Ben is the best in Charlotte for as close to proper English food as an American palate can determine. My wife is an UK import and she gives Big Ben the thumbs up.Ordering from the dinner menu, we started off with a Scotch Egg (a boiled egg encased in a sausage wrapper then briefly fried) which was served with English relish. After that was cleared, our dinner arrived. I had a cottage pie, which was excellent. Plenty of meat and vegetables and actual (not from packet) mashed potatoes. My wife enjoyed the lamb dinner, which was a medium size pile of sliced lamb with steamed veggies and potatoes, covered in a zingy brown gravy. (On previous visits, I found the chicken curry to be very flavorful and not too spicy.)Desserts were the only place where Big Ben lets it down. The Sherry Trifle was labeled as "traditional" but it seemed to be mostly canned whipped cream with very few lady's fingers. It was way too sweet and we ended up sending it back.For two, with one appetizer, two entrees, three beers (one domestic, two imports) and a dessert, our tab was $70. While the food and service was great, this seems a little on the high side.On some nights, they have music in the downstairs lounge. Even with the door closed, the smoke comes up from there as well as too much of the loud music. If that bothers you, try sitting on the other side of the restaurant. There's also a full bar if you just want drinks and (warning: English ahead) crisps.They have a small parking behind the place and you're not supposed to park on the street. Overflow parking is across the street and down the hill, next to the Bank of America. It's clearly labeled but I think it could use a bit more lighting at night.All told, a four star place. When we want to eat English, we're here!
2	The food is a little overpriced and the beer is as well.  The best thing about this place is a guy that plays music here on Thursdays.
4	Ive been meaning to try this place sine we moved to Charlotte and after a horrendous (which I dont want to get into) adventure we finally ended up here for brunch. Both the hubby and I ordered the English breakfast. It was excellent! The eggs were yum and I especially love their sausage and bacon. The meat is definitely good quality. I also liked the grilled mushrooms...although a bit on the blander side (lack of salt and pepper) the brown sauce make it all better. Hubby and I left fully satisfied and I am planning on going back for the fish and chips :o)
3	Went to Big Ben's on a Friday night recently and it was pretty enjoyable. Not too crowded and a very cozy feel. The live music was entertaining and the atmosphere was nice. I was looking for somewhere to just chill and that's what I got. The only thing I noticed was that the mixed drinks we got ($5-7 each) were in the tiniest of glasses and were mostly ice. My friend who got a rum and coke actually had to send it back because for the tiny amount of space in the glass it was probably 95% cheap rum and almost no coke. It was pretty much the same story with the other drinks we ordered but not quite as bad. Needless to say though, at the price of them we felt a bit ripped off.A better bet would be the beer specials. They have a good selection of draught beers with specials that change daily. When we went it was all 20 oz. draughts for $4.00. The other specials seemed decent as well. I will chime in with the others about the bathrooms. The women's is full of kegs as well, but they're mostly against the walls, its not an obstacle course, but it is a bit funny to walk in and see them all in there. Overall, it was a good place to hang out for a while.
5	Best British pub in Charlotte!  I was in town from California over Christmas and went to Big Ben's twice that week.  Everyone at our table was 100% satisfied with whatever they ordered.  I got the fish and chips and they were fantastic.  Two giant pieces of fish, each the size of a small whale and lots of thick cut chips.  Yum yum!  My Dad ordered the steak and mushroom pie and he was raving about it, which really says something because my family is British and my Dad is a total food snob (love you, Dad!)  I am totally devastated to learn that this place burned down :( The staff were very friendly and the building oozed charm.  I'll miss you Big Ben's -- I hope you return soon!
4	Visited their new location on South Boulevard @ Atherton Mills. Much easier to park; inside, less quaint but more logical physical layout. Server was friendly, mildly quirky, and efficient. Guinness was very good as usual but a bit overpriced at $5.50. Alas, the menu has not significantly changed. What's there is consistently good (the curry excepted) including the fish and chips staple. What's desperately needed, though, is a considerable expansion of mid-priced items to complement the meager banger, chicken, and hamburger sandwich choices. The current menu won't dissuade me from returning, but more selections would get me back quicker.
4	live across the street, go here all the time, like the folks working there, like the beer, so far i love the food BUT its just a bit over priced.  ive had the fish'n'chips they were truly unreal, and several other items off the menu that were very good.  i dont want to bore with detail as i go there a few times a week btu I highly recommend this spot and will continue to frequent it...as i live a block away from it
3	I've missed Big Ben's.The old Big Ben's was one of our perennial favorites. We gazed sadly upon the charred timbers on Providence Road and wondered if we'd ever see the like in Charlotte again.Well, the answer is yes and no.I am happy to report that Big Ben's is alive and well at Atherton Mills.Enter from Tremont and you won't miss it. Enter from South Bl. and you won't find it.The big 2000 above the door is misleading. B.B. is through the zig-zig corridor and out the other side of the building. And don't trip over the carpenters.Meanwhile, back at Big Ben's.Part of Big Ben's charm was the cozy atmosphere. Well, that's gone up in smoke.Now, it's a cavernous room with a ceiling about three stories up. Cozy is no longer an apt descriptor.Also missing is the fireplace. Instead is a fake fireplace with light show flames and coals, and an electric space heater, but the mantle is nice. I've seen it advertised on TV, lovingly hand-crafted by real Amish type workerpersons.(*Sigh!*)The menu is pretty much the same. I had a Pasty and my wife had her fave -- Liver and Onions.Both were delicious as usual. I'm happy to report that the menu survived the fire. Rita's order arrived according to her exact specifications, so the kitchen staff is still on the ball. Our waiter was pleasant, attentive, and kept us happy by not hovering.Over the years, we've ordered about everything on the menu, so if our visit this time in any indication, you can safely order anything they offer and reasonably expect to be well fed on their typical British fare.For suggestions, I'd suggest you experiment with the menu offerings. But don't order the fries. Get the homemade potato chips instead. They're good enough to order extra to take home. Don't nuke 'em. Reheat then in the oven, instead. Yummy!The steaks are really good, but you can get good steaks all over town. Instead get the Lord's Roast Lamb or Haddock and Chips. Save the steaks until you've tried the other menu items.You can make a meal from the appetizers. Ploughman's Platter or Welsh Rarebit are good places to start.Why only three stars? I miss the old place. If you've never been to the old Big Ben's on Providence Rd., go ahead and give it another star.But I'd've put in a balcony or something to bring the ceiling down to give the place a more cozy atmosphere. And lose the fake fireplace.
3	Checked out the new location of Big Ben's in Southend on a Friday night, and they had a live reggae singer jamming - nice! The space in intimate, very British in decor, and with the high ceilings, an enjoyable place to meet friends.$4 Boddingtons were the special, and they really poured it nicely (think Guiness at Tyber Creek nice!). Prices were high for shots (4 royal flushes = $36 without tip), but then again this isn't the place you'd normally do shots anyway. Bar tender was nice, but absent and it took a while to get our checks and have her give change. I'd go back, but this won't be my local bar anytime soon.
3	I've eaten here three times now, twice for lunch and once for dinner.  My biggest compliment is that I've always gotten quick and friendly service.  Oh, and their bread and butter pudding is OUT OF THIS WORLD!  However, the food I've had was just ok otherwise, and their beer specials and food are just ok.  Still, I like the ambiance here, and I will definitely come back again and again for dessert.
4	Ok, ok. so a British pub along the light rail is bound to be hyped up.  But I'm quite sold on the atmosphere of this place, inside and out.  Though the food and beverage prices are a bit steep, its nice to have a chill hangout with a good patio.  I went on a Friday night and expected mild-to-moderate revelry, but instead I observed a reserved post-college crowd, soccer on the telly, and a reggae singer.  Sounds like a pleasant evening.I agree with other Yelpers that the new pub doesn't have the charm of the old house.  The interior is pretty cramped and lacks seperate rooms that gave the old restaurant a parlor-like effect.  Instead, the bar and the compact dining area is seperate by a curtained half wall, breaking up this already cramped space.  So, I headed towards the patio and it was golden-the light rail speeds by you and see the neigbors in the condos acoss the street yelling at one another from the balconies.  Perfect place to see urban life.  The staff is very friendly and though understaffed, a server came out to ask my friend and I if we needed anything.  I find that patio-dwellers get ignored at most joints so this was a nice touch.  While the new Big Ben doesn't make a splash on my list of Charlotte hang-outs, I will atleast give it an honorable mention. It does however make for a nice diversion from my tried and true weekend hangouts or a good spot for  launching an evening in Southend.  I look forward to grabbing dinner at Big Ben the next time I see a show at Tremont or Amos'.
4	Maybe I am a little bit biased because I have a wallet and a key chain with the Union Jack on them...but I love this place and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite places.I never went to the old location.  I hear a lot of "it just isn't as quaint and charming as the original."  Ok, but for someone who never saw the burned, charred remains of the old location, this place gives you that UK charm (hello Winston Churchill bust, portrait of the Queen Mum, among the other decor) that you just can't find anywhere else.I have only been here for the beer - Boddingtons is always on special - this is definitely a place to start off the first drinks of the evening, or for a first meeting date, or a place to drown your sorrows at.  Cathy, straight from the UK, is an awesome bartender to share all those drunken memories with.Convenient location but a little easy to miss because it's not necessarily visible from South Blvd.  If you really want to head Uptown the light rail is just a few yards away.  My only issue with this place is it is on the pricey side, but for the ambiance it's worth it.  Live music (reggae the nights I have been) too.On a side note, I cannot wait for some William and Kate commemorative wedding plates, hats, cups, busts, etcetera, to spruce up the place.
4	Great bar - I never made it to the first location of Big Ben's and always wanted to stop in...I'm loving the new place though.  The food is great for bar fare and the service was spot on.  I will always remember Big Ben's as my first and only experience with the "Spotted Dick" umm not  a fan of this dessert but it was worth a try.  Great place to meet some friends after work, and a decent outside patio once Spring finally arrives :)
2	First time at the new location and it just didn't feel right.  Didn't have the same atmosphere.  Staff had limited knowledge about the English beers it was serving.  Food was good, nothing amazing but definately what I was looking for a cold day.
3	I want to give 2.5 stars but that's not an option so just imagine I did.  2.5 stars, here we go....We went for a walk last night around our neighborhood and this place caught my eye because of the sign that said "Well Wednesday" all well drinks $3!  Ok, in we went.  It was pretty dead so we were seated right away.  Whiskey and Coke for him and Whiskey Sour for me.  They came out quick, were decent sized but my Sour lacked a cherry which is a minor detail but I secretly really wanted one.We decided to share the Fish and Chips cause we weren't super hungry, it was ok.  The fries were better than the fish I thought.  We got talked into dessert and chose the Bread and Butter pudding.  This is where 2 of the 2.5 stars come from.  It was AMAZING, warm with raisins some kind of heavenly sauce and whipped cream.  Yum.  One more drink was ordered and we got our bill.They charged $2 extra for an extra plate because we shared the meal.  This makes me mad because they didn't state this beforehand.  If I didn't make it obvious we were sharing and just ate off the one plate would you have added the $2?  As my Dad would say because of that it's an OTOTO.  One time, one time only kind of place!
4	Have been going weekly for Tuesday night pub quiz. Not the easiest service situation, for sure. 30 - 50 people all showing up and ordering within 15 to 20 minutes of each other. Even with that handicap, we haven't had to wait unduly for drinks or food. The servers are competent and friendly, especially Lucky. I have yet to get a dish that wasn't very good. The fish and chips and black and blue salad are my two favorites. My only nibbling qualms include the tight space (might just be on quiz night) and no change in the nightly special- Tuesday has been fish and chips (delightful) and $4 pints of Sierra Nevada (meh).
1	Horrible service.  We were disappointed as this was our first visit to their new location in the South End after the first location was closed due to a fire.  After entering and waiting 5 minutes by the door, no one bothered to seat us.  There were soccer matches on the TVs and the wait staff was more preoccupied with watching the matches than serving their customers.  Finally, we just sat down at a table. After another 10 minutes an elderly gentleman, the proprietor I suspect, waddled over to our table with about 3 TV remotes.  He never even acknowledged us, but rather, adjusted the large TV located directly above us and waddled back into oblivion.  No other wait staff came over even after I waved and made direct eye contact.  The new location is also very cramped and hard to move around in.  The original location had very much a "pub feel".  The new location reminds one of an overcrowded, generic sports bar and has the service to match.  Never going back.
4	Mmmm, fish & chips. First time at the new location. I know, what's my deal? I'm a horrible procrastinator. Ok, let's get the critiques out of the way first. I saw one server wearing a Union Jack tie, and thought "Oh, how quirky, it must be ironic." Then I saw 3 more and realized, "Oh, you poor things, that's your uniform." Look, I get it, it's a British pub but really? You can't make me believe that British bartenders all wear flag ties. The decor was also a little too kitschy for me- while I could believe that pubs in the UK may have their flag on display, I hardly think it's one with Prince William's wedding picture on it.  Come on.Ok, all that aside, I still had a good experience. I went with the haddock sandwich, which while I enjoyed it, was quite messy and fell apart in my hands. It wasn't really poorly made, there was just so much fish it was hard to stay in one piece. I'll definitely stick with regular fish & chips next time. Chips (fries, whatever) were nice and hot, with both malt vinegar and ketchup offered. (I won't lie, I used both. Sorry.)Bar service was excellent, bartender recommended Warsteiner Oktoberfest over the more popular Sam Adams, and it was an excellent choice. There were a few more foreign beers on there I'm eager to try. Haven't been here yet? What's your deal?
4	Very good, got there at 6pm on a Saturday night and got right in.I had a steak and mushroom pie it was very good. At $14 dollars it wasn't  a bad price. It is expensive if you compare it to the dollar menu at McDonalds, but the meal was worth the price. I have to go back and try the fish n chips they look very good.
3	Fish, chips, and a wally.  Let's be honest, the British aren't really known for their outstanding cuisine.  Having written that, the meal I chose (fried haddock sammy with steak fries and a pickle) was pretty decent.  The tartar sauce was thicker than normal tartar and made the meal.  Good stuff.  My coworker tried a turkey wrap that he said was good but not great.For a lunch venue, it's not bad.  We had efficient and friendly service.  We were in an out fairly quick.  Prices were reasonable for the Dilworth/SouthEnd area.Their beer list looked great.  If I go back, and I probably will, I'd go back for happy hour instead of lunch.
4	Awesome little pub right here in Charlotte but when you walk in you'll feel like you've arrived across the big pond.  The girlfriend and I popped in for a quick drink while out shopping just because we had been meaning to.  So we sat down to the nice sized bar and had a few beers.  Super friendly service and a great selection of spirits and not to mention a menu that looked very, very appealing.  I'll be back to give it whirl for sure!
4	Unreal Scotch Eggs!!!  Probably the best I have ever had.  Served with a fruity marmalade instead of mustard - sweet mixed with the salty sausage/egg combo.  Sooo perfect!  There is a huge variety of beer - Pilsner Urquell my fav on TAP!!  But no really great beer specials or happy hour specials on beer.   So it isnt the cheapest place to drink but the food and the cozy atmosphere make up for it.  I have also had the salads here and they are outstanding and reasonably priced. I would have given this place five stars but I have to mention the few times I have been in here the music choice is horrible.  On these occasions it was some sort of gangster music which one of the waitresses must have picked out cause she pranced around the entire restaurant singing it.  I am all for other's joy and singing while you work I guess but I think this was a bit excessive and she should take her talents to a karaoke bar instead of holding us patrons hostage to her pipes.  But I can't imagine this happens all the time so I definitely will keep going to this place and LOVIN it!  :-D
4	What better day than a cold rainy one to try out a British Pub for breakfast, besides it is convenient to the Atheron Mill farmers market. My wife and I were both pleasantly surprised. Both of us had the Hearty breakfast plate. While not exactly cheap at $10.00, it is quite filling and tasty, consisting of 2 eggs, bacon, beans, grilled tomato and mushrooms, and let's not forget the banger ( sausage) and toast. The eggs were actually served as ordered ( over easy) banger (sausage) was flavorful,  and the bacon was meaty, closer to a Canadian bacon. If you are looking for a breakfast with southern biscuits or pancakes this is not the place for you. If you are looking for something a little different then consider this as a possibility.  Our server took our orders and kept our drinks topped off, brought out condiments without being asked. so gets 4 of 5 stars here as well, hard to believe only three tables occupied .All in all worth the dollar or two more than an ihop or denny's.
3	One of my favorite parts of coming here is that i get to sing "Bangers, Beans and Mash" from Get Him To The Greek all day long with no shame whatsoever. Its all on the menu hahaha. Ok, so ended up here on Thanksgiving after driving around forever trying to find some place open to eat. Kudos to Big Ben for being open and not just having a prix fixe turkey menu that day. Everything was available. It's a cozy little place with an inviting staff.  Decent beer specials and the food is pretty good. The fish and chips are solid and you get a ton of food. They offer a decent breakfast too. I had the traditional English breakfast and i left stuffed. Its convenient to the light rail as well so it's easy to stop in for a few drinks or food on the way downtown.
5	We love Big Ben's!  My husband and I started going to Big Ben's two months ago and fell in love.  The atmosphere is great, nice and relaxing.  The servers are friendly and on timely.  We love to go on nights that they have live music.  Hubby's favorite is the Meat pies, they are rich and filling.  I have had several dishes and I have liked them all.  Looking forward to our next visit, I am going to try the fish and chips!
4	Best fish and chips to be found on this side of the pond for sure! Excellent bangers and mash also.
4	We sat at the Guvenor's table for 8, and ate to our heart's content!  Two of us had the salmon special, done to perfection with smashed taters and veggies, my daughter and 2  friends had the yummy roast beef and both made happy plates, husband raved about the lamb and our other friend devoured the fish and chips!  Presentation was excellent and service was superb.  You must try the desserts, toffee cake, bread pudding, trifle and chocolate cake.  Easy to find, convenient parking, makes for a very enjoyable evening!
1	"Ok..... bare-able.... but not good"Been here many times... Keep trying to believe Big Bens will come thru.... Oh wellFood is still par... Absolutely nothing to write home about.And the bar...How frustrating ..... Still charging way too much.We truly tried, tried and tried again....   Good bye, Big Bens.
2	I read the other reviews and realise that I probably chose the wrong dish.But the shepherd's pie was awful, too much mash and very little meat.Shame because what little meat was there was tasty.My company's salad looked unappetizing but she said it was OK, not great but OK.Going there early on a Monday evening was also a mistake almost empty and so the lack of ambiance was way too apparent.Anyway fish and chips on Friday night is propably a good bet.
4	We were trying to decide where to eat in SouthEnd and my buddy picked Big Ben.  I was a little skeptical at first but boy was I wrong.  Their food is fantastic.  We went on a Friday and there was a live singer who was the best I've heard in the neighborhood.  I had the Tin Miners Cornish Pasty ($14).... ground beef, potatoes, onions & carrots in a puff pastry shell served with mashed potatoes, gravy with mixed veggies. It was homey and fantastic.  Had a couple Guinness with it... We will be back!  It was great!
4	A friend suggested Big Ben when we were in Charlotte for a day. The service was excellent and they had decent beer specials. Nice decor as well! I ordered the turkey wrap with a cup of their soup of the day, which was bacon, spinach and cheese. The soup was amazing! The turkey wrap was pretty standard, nothing special, but it was good. If I lived in the area, I could see myself hanging out here a lot!
5	We love Big Ben's!  My husband and I started going to Big Ben's two months ago and fell in love.  The atmosphere is great, nice and relaxing.  The servers are friendly and timely.  We love to go on nights that they have live music.  Hubby's favorite is the Meat pies, they are rich and filling.  I have had several dishes and I have liked them all.  Looking forward to our next visit, I am going to try the fish and chips!
4	I am a dork ( no chiming in needed lol) and wanted to watch the Olympics opening ceremony here for obvious reasons. Plus I have never been here before. I know England isn't exactly known for its cuisine but I am willing to get some British spirit on for the occasion. As you all know by now I don't sugar coat anything. Enabling is a crime in my opinion. So let's get the bad stuffs out of the way. Management needs to reevaluate its lack of preparation for a special day which they advertised.  The air was not sufficient on a relatively hot day. They had the wrong NBC channel on so good thing NBC wasn't on the ball either or I would have missed 15 mins of coverage. And where was the sound?  Shouldn't someone have checked the sound system beforehand. And why is a band playing DURING the ceremony?  It covered up the little volume that was left. Very frustrating.Waitstaffs were scrambling.  Bartenders seemed to be very single tasked people. Granted they were all very nice, but getting their attention was almost as hard as earning a gold medal. I just think that if it's a special event, they should have better anticipated the crowd. On to the goods. I love the atmosphere of this tiny little place. I didn't go outside so I don't know how much more room they have on the patio. It's a causal pub yet rusticly charming.  It did make me feel like I was transported somewhere else.  They had half price appetizer and $4 pint of British beer that night plus fish and chips special thus my friends and I shared one fish and chips, an order of Scottish meat pies and sausage rolls. Fish and chips was huge and plenty for sharing. The meat pies were THE BEST item that night.  Sausage rolls were exactly what it said it is, not my favorite.  They have plenty draft beer options, and I went for Boddington because it's British and light. Even the band wasn't bad... It was just not a good night for it.  But it sounded like every Fridays they are there. And if I recall correctly, they have half price appetizers every Tuesdays. I will be back for my meat pies!
5	As 55 promised... GREAT Burger! !! !!!  Last night (Tuesdays are "Trivia Night") we ate Burgers and Chips (chips as we know in US) [they have fries too], watched the Olympics (many screens) and "played" Trivia (I'm no fan and still did alright) It was a lot of fun!  This was our first visit to the "new" location, 55 a BIG Fan of the Myers Park (pre-fire) location (I only visited it one time the did have a cool "cellar"!  I ate "Bangers and Mash" at the other location... Last Night the Burger was GREAT!Burger of ground Beef gets five yelp stars even though it was not exactly as I ordered it... I said no Cheese, it had cheese, I said Onion, it had no Onion, I said Ketchup it had no Ketchup, three "strikes"?  NO!  All of this is easy to fix without sending it back!!!  Our server offered to take it back and get it right, I told her NO, "I'll fix it!" and I did! They did get the no Mayo right!!!  It was Great!  I added Ketchup and she brought me a plate of Red Onion, mmmmm, nothing left but plate!!!These Chips are American style "chips" Potatoes thinly (perfectly) sliced, deep fried, (probably the same day then reheated?)  These were the CRUNCHY Crisp style Chips, so if that is what you like you'll probably LOVE these!  Here is what I LOVE and what I should have asked for: : Made to order (right then NOT reheated) more lightly fried and slightly tender!  My yelp rating of these Chips: Potato Thinness 5 yelp starsCrunchy Crispness (even though that is not my preference) 5 starsThe service was very good and did not need to be much better as far as we were concerned!This place looks GREAT, plenty British Pub for me, please do not say it's a Sports Bar, that would ruin it for me and we were watching the Super Heavy Weight Class Weight Lighting ("Lift Weighting" as Paul Koehler says).  Enter through the Alley!  Cool Alley Patio, partly covered, shade from Sun, not shelter from rain though!  Cool Light Rail Patio also (opposite side)!  Multiple patios always impresses me!  Why does eating outside seem so Romantic to me, even if I'm alone, even if I'm alone with friends along (you know what I mean right???)Live Music (wait til you see the stage) Friday and Saturday Evenings!  I'll be checking this out!
4	Went here for lunch today. I had never visited the old location, but I'm glad to see the restaurant is back and in a great new location. There was soccer on the big screen, and cold beer on tap. Really enjoyed my fish and chips, but for an "authentic" British Pub, I was disappointed that I couldn't substitute mushy peas (a $3 side item) for cole slaw (also a $3 side item) for my entree. I've had mushy peas with my fish and chips all over London. I've never been served cole slaw with them in the UK before. They seriously ought to consider giving you an option. They take so many steps to seem authentic, but they totally blow it by not allowing authentic sides with the fish and chips.Still, service was good. We'll be back. Hopefully they'll get it together on offering fish and chips with mushy peas, the way you'd really get it in London.
1	All I wanted was a meat pie... Get your minds out of the gutter. Looking for a good British beer and some good eats. Sadly neither was had on this occasion. Tried to find a seat at the bar but it was full. No worries. Outside seating it is. Quite a large patio, nice seating but sadly next to the tracks. No biggie though. And then we waited... and waited... and waited. Finally we gave up. No water. No server. Though there was a friendly gentleman that was closing up the patio that said "thank you, have a good night". Not sure what he was thanking me for though. So no meat and no beer but yet no more appetite for the Brits.
5	Had a great dinner Friday Night at Big Ben.  Quick, courteous service. I had chicken diane, rice and veggies,  excellent!  My friends enjoyed fish and chips and chicken pot pie.  Food was awesome,  great drinks and entertainment was such a plus.  Always enjoy our time at the Pub!
4	The food is amazing. Fish and chips and the roast beef (with mash potatoes) were insanely good. You MUST try the Yorkshire pudding!!!
5	The food, beer and service here is great! We visit at least once a month.
4	I think this is the only British themed restaurant in town??  I stopped in the other night to have dinner with a friend. Obviously, if you aren't a fan of British anything, don't go here. I ordered the sausage plate, they weren't too heavy in flavor but I enjoyed them very much. Paired well with the side of mashed potatoes and Guiness. :)  Next time I'm trying the Shepard's Pie for sure! Cherio.
3	Small place with friendly service. If you're up for bangers & mash, you will enjoy the breakfast here. I had a great breakfast special on a circular croissant. They said it was a special, but I would ask for it if I returned.
4	Had the pleasure of spending NYE here at Big Ben's.  Not too crowded, had to reserve a table, but the service was fantastic... the live band and bagpiper was a nice touch and great way to bring in 2013!I was a little late to the party, but I was able to park pretty easily - the Atherton Mill shopping center had plenty of parking.  As soon as I walked in, it was welcomed with an immediate cozy feeling.  People were having a good time enjoying each other and the atmosphere.  We ordered food and our server was very attentive - glad to see that everyone was able to celebrate 2013, including the staff after all the champagne was passed out.Will have to check out Big Ben without the NYE craziness, but I have a feeling it would be a nice regular place to eat, hangout, and drink.
4	3 words: SCOTTISH MEAT PIES!  I am so happy that it is still as good as I remember it from last summer.  Half price appetizer Wednesday made it twice as perfect. The pies were savory, and the crust was flaky even with the gravy. The meat with peas and carrots were excellent comfort food.  I wasn't as happy about the wings, they were a little over fried, but I will give it another try just to taste the curry buffalo sauce. But all is forgiven the moment I took another bite if the meat pie. FYI, $4 pint night Tuesdays, and $10.95 all traditional British dinners (exclude the steak) on Thursdays. I will be British (again, yes, I used to be British by national even if I don't look it) more often since it's around the corner from my work :)
4	My Mom came in town, after being in Germany, and wanted a specific beer, which after my searching Big Bend was the only place in Charlotte that had it on top. Needless to say the beer was good, but the food was awesome! We ordered the fish & chips and a cheeseburger with fries and shared...Both were SO good. The best fish and chips I have had in Charlotte & the burger was cooked to perfection. The only reason for the 4 stars, the service was a little slow. I will definitely return!
4	The new Big Ben doesn't quite have the appeal of the old location, but it's still well worth a visit. The interior especially gives off a great vibe - enhanced by the friendly service - and it is one of those places that is completely different from what you would expect when walking up to a relatively nondescript building on the outside.While the menu contains all manner of meaty fried things, it's probably better not to ask precisely what is in some of them, and just dig in and enjoy along with a fresh pint (or so), which helps to not worry quite so much about what you are eating.Charlotte does not have a bunch of options when you get outside of certain food groups, so having Big Ben come back on the scene is definitely a good thing.
4	It's a nice place with tasty food. I like the fish 'n' chips as well as the shepherds and cottage pies.Will return.
3	this was my first time at big ben's and i think they recently moved to the atherton mill area. i don't know where they were before, but they have a private lot, so that's nice. we had cheese stick app's and split fish and chips entree. the cheese sticks were good, but we had to ask twice for a different dipping sauce. the fish was great! crispy and large portions! they brought it out on separate plates for us too, which was nice! some places aren't as accommodating to plate splitters. it comes with steak fries, which i also liked. so over all, i'd have given it a 4 on food. ....where the 3 comes in is the atmosphere. it's LOUD in there. really high ceilings which just carries the sound around. there was also a band, which didn't help. the food runner who brought our app out took it to the wrong table at first. when my boyfriend asked for a whisky and soda, the server asked if he wanted regular or diet. we assume he was new, so not the worst thing in the world, but... so, a solid 3 it is.
4	As usual, the lying cow on my GPS insisted I was at my destination and I was not.  Thanks to perseverance and a female's uncanny ability to read maps (ha!), I was able to find this great little spot.  (thank you Yelp photos!)Dark wood, low lighting, lots of British items (including Union Jack ties on the wait staff) - this was right up my alley.  And speaking of alley, that is where you enter - not under the signage.  My waitress was friendly and helpful, though I am low maintenance, so I am pretty easy to please as long as you remember I am sitting there.  At an early 6:00 on a Wednesday night before a holiday (July 4th), the crowd was sparse for dining, though the bar seemed to have a pretty lively bunch.  They had some $4 pint specials (I believe it was Guiness, though I don't drink so I wasn't paying attention).  Also, Wednesday has half price appetizers.  The food:Cottage pie ($12):  Ground beef, peas, carrots and onions in a beefy gravy, covered with mashed potatoes and topped with melted cheese.  Very well flavored and not overly salty.  It is hard to do a cottage pie to my liking and this was delicious.  Though unevenly heated, some spots were molten hot and others were room temp, it was a very good dish that I would definitely order again.  Bubble and squeak ($4) - A pan seared mashed potato cake with cabbage in it.  I like colcannon from the Irish, so I was hoping this was kind of like that.  Alas, it was a mashed potato cake with a little cabbage in it.  It was kind of salty to me.  But, different.  I liked it, but I didn't love it.  I did however eat every bit like I wasn't going to get food ever again because I like white food groups with a pan sear on them.  On the far right side of Atherton Mill, there was plenty of parking, even directly in front of the pub.  If you are heading towards uptown and exit the parking lot on the same side that Big Ben's is on, you can catch a stop light to get back onto South Blvd rather than trying to cross all of the traffic.Wonderful little spot, I shall return!  (the food is better than the pictures I have posted would have you believe - I try to not use my flash inside of restaurants, as to not disturb other people with the weird fat girl taking pictures of her food, and this is a dark bar, so the pictures were bleh).
3	Went here for dinner, good food, good service, and good atmosphere, but could not believe a nice place like this serves "cheap ketchup,"  where is the Heinz ketchup?  Would have rated it a 4 or 5, but because of cheap condiment, could only rate it a 3!
5	This is a great place! The Cottage pie is so tasty...have tried it several different places and now are half this good. Fish and chips are great as well. My father has come a few times for the breakfast and really enjoys it. Will continue to eat as it truly is a favorite now!
3	This bar has potential, but it is in the wrong type of building and doesn't have the right things going on.  With this place I expect a dingy hole in the wall for a place like this.  It was a little too clean, and the ceiling was too high.  I apologize for rating it based on the looks because I enjoyed the beer and the bartender, but it just didn't feel right for the kind of bar it was suppose to be in my eyes.  Also, when I went there was trivia going on and it kind of depressed me.
5	This is what a REAL English pub is like. Well, granted I have never been to England but knowing one or two things from a friend, this is the real deal. Granted do to US health standards getting a proper Guinness is not possible the standard ales are available.The folks next to me ordered the chicken pot pie, and  the REAL fish and chips...dang that looked great!Here is a cool hint. Authentic Shepard's pie is cooked with LAMB! Any other type of "Shepard's pie" with ground beef , or mutton, is really cottage pie.
5	So seeing they had breakfast... I just had to come back the next day...This is breakfasthttp://instagram.com/p/dKCyKeNkw3/Well it is not the most healthiest but darn is it sooooo good.
4	This new location is quite a surprise. It as a lot of fun and the food was good. Watching soccer on the big screen with some diehard fans actually added to the experience rather than make you not want to go back again. My wife had the fish and chips and loved it. It has a great atmosphere, great people and even live music on the weekends. This is a place you need to go to at least once and then be surprised by how many times you want to go back.
5	Two words and a letter- FISH N CHIPS! It was outstanding. Light, tender, flaky, yummy. Everything real fish and chips should be. As an appetizer we tried the sausage rolls. Also not to be missed. Then the home run was dessert. Bread and Butter Pudding! Just scrumptious. Lots of places try to be other places. Big Ben does as well but gets it right. My buddy who was eating with me is from England and he flat out says Big Ben's is as close to a British pub as you'll find in the states.We notice they also advertise a proper English breakfast. I've already decided that's a must try. The service was top-notch as well. Very attentive without being annoying. What are you waiting for? GO!Big Ben's Pub: A+
4	I had dinner here on Friday and was quite pleased with the atmosphere and the food. My cousin and I each got the Haddock Sandwich and it far exceeded my expectations. The batter was perfectly done on the outside making for a crunch sought after by many sub-par establishments. With two large pieces of fish overflowing off of a kaiser and a side of steak fries this was plenty and the price suited the portion. My girlfriend went with the Cottage Pie which I had never heard of but it appears to be almost identical to a Shepherd's Pie without lamb. I can't imagine there being much of a difference other than the price but then again I've never been a huge fan of lamb. Again, this Cottage Pie was a great portion for the price.Our waiter was very attentive throughout the entire meal and was quick to make sure we were kept well-hydrated (with beer). What appeared to be the manager kept making rounds to each of the tables and was genuine in the way he asked each group if everything was okay etc. It helped that there was a great band playing some great music although the volume could have been a tad lower (to be fair it wasn't really dinner time, we got there pretty late).Overall I was very happy here and very happy with both the Haddock Sandwich and Cottage Pie selections. Next time I'm going to have a hard time making an alternate selection since I was so happy with the sandwich. It helps too that this place is walking distance to many other spots (including my house) such as Ice House and Tyber Creek for those looking to check out a few other places after giving some English fare a go.
3	I have to tell you I love the ambience of the space here and the appetizers are to die for!  I have had the steak Diane as well as the Shepard pie which are to die for but stay away from the chicken curry if you are looking for flavor. They do serve the drinks on the heavy side if that is of interest to you.  The outdoor patio is awesome especially when the light rail comes by.  You think you are in the "city". Normally the bubble and squeak is good but this time it was like mashed potatoes barely fried.
4	3.5 stars, if I could. They seem not to have expanded the menu as I had hoped. There remains a dearth of selections between apps and full entrees. As I was only partially hungry, I chose a "juicy" chicken sandwich whose texture was reminiscent of a baseball glove (the components aside from the meat were high quality). However, the other aspects of the meal were quite pleasant. Guinness was great, second only to Halley's. And service was quick, friendly, but not intrusive. If only Big Ben would polish up the middle menu (sandwich selection) and -- in the case of the lone chicken  sandwich -- consider a marinade, they would really make a mark.
5	Our first time proved to be a very good experience and we will be back!  I had The Lord,s Roast Beef and the hubbie had Fish & Chips. Both were excellent and looking forward to our next visit!
5	This place is so neat!!!  We stopped in on a Saturday for a couple of beers & the bartender was so sweet, thorough and knowledgable.  The decor makes you feel as if you are out of town and they have giant tvs.  Prices were a bit high but the menu looked interesting.  We will be back!!
5	Excellent authentic British Food!Took my English father there for his birthday.  He absolutely loved it.  Fish and chops are top notch, and the steak and kidney pie is better than me Mum used to make.Also a good spot for drinks after work with the mates.
4	good roast beef
2	Good food again this time. Lunch menu has a nice selection of sandwich options, unlike the dinner menu. Service -- by Edie -- was excellent. We won't be back, though, during a sport event because of the noise. A very pleasant afternoon meal and conversation was abruptly ruined by a blasting TV. To be fair, they promote themselves as a sports bar, but when there aren't football games on the telly, the place is quite inviting.
4	Great fish and chips the best I have had in years. The fish was very  clean and not greasy. Scotch eggs were fabulous.  Use mustard on the  eggs.
4	Unique little bar in south end. Usually a low key, quieter place with nice bartenders. 1/2 price bottles of wine on Wednesdays!
5	Great food, friendly staff, excellent service. I've been here many times and always enjoy myself. Pints are always on special and the atmosphere/decor is relaxing.
5	So, I'm in the foodservice business and one time I had to do some nutrition analysis on Welse Rarebit.  Now, knowing what I did about British cuisine I figured it was some sort of offal.  Then I discovered it's really just cheese sauce on toast.  Wow.  Sounds good.  Then I discovered Big Ben and they serve Welsh Rarebit (as well as bubbles and squeak which I remember from Wind in the Willows or something).They also make a mean Shepherd's pie.I'm sure the fish and chips is good and it's probably their signature dish, but when I go there I always get a Shepherd's Pie, Beef and Mushroom pie, or some other awesomeness.  Big Ben's is my favorite British pub in Charlotte and if I'm not feeling British I can hop across the street to Tyber Creek and get my Irish on.
5	Big Ben is by far my favorite place to spend a weekend morning. As a huge Arsenal fan, this is the spot to watch my favorite team play. The breakfast is always fantastic, and for the later games the salads are great (steak salad is the best I've ever had). Highly recommended!
3	I really, really want to like this place. Food was again quite good; this updated review addresses restaurant staff courtesy. The hostess was in surly mood that she did not attempt to mask. When we asked to be seated in a relatively quiet spot, she ignored us and began placing menus next to two occupied tables, even though many other tables were available in less crowded areas. When we were assertive and pointed to a specific table, she acceded. Once our server, Edie, took the reigns, the experience improved tremendously. It's hard to imagine a greater discrepancy between staff attitudes.
5	Love this place great food the steak and kidney pie is amazing. Nice selection of beer great atmosphere and service.
2	Oh how I miss the old Big Ben.  No more pets allowed on the patio.  No old house charm.  Service went down the toilet at the new one, we had to wait 45 minutes just to order our drinks on a Sunday afternoon, if we hadn't of been there with out of town family & gone there specifically to watch the Arsenal match we would have left.  On top of the slow as molasses service our food was awful.  Sticking to RiRa & Valhalla to watch matches and eat English breakfasts.
1	If you read my previous reviews of this restaurant, I think you'll see that I've tried to be fair, even-handed. But today's experience was ridiculously frustrating. We sat down, ordered two Guinness pints to start. Then...the server returned and announced, "We're out of Guinness." I understand that this is a British -- not Irish -- pub, but to not keep Guinness on hand even in a British pub in America is appalling.  And since the server didn't know up front that they had no Guinness, I have to conclude that they don't consider this an important issue. The end of the story? We left and went to Sir Ed's, where the service is excellent and the Guinness always flows.
5	This place has the best fish and chips I have ever had. Bring your family bring your friends.  Every dish at my table looked amazing! I will be returning for more. They have plenty of beer on tap.  Best British pub in the US. Great service and food was hot.  Try this pub or you will regret it.  The server was very knowledgeable about all of the dishes and desserts.
3	I can't believe this was my first time coming here but it was. Came on a Saturday night before the live band started (which we did on purpose). When they seated us it was a little weird that they had us crawl through every person on the right side of the restaurant to seat us in the one table empty in the very middle up under the television. That I was not a fan of!! There were plenty of seats on the other side but we dealt with it. However the important stuff... on to the food!! We ordered the bubble and squeak, which I surprisingly really liked (think potato cake with cabbage), and a scotch egg (it was okay to me and my friend from London says it's not the best he's had), appetizers for the three of us.  I got the Chicken pot pie as my entree and it was delicious.  My boyfriend got the Tin Miners Cornish pasty, which he liked better than mine and I also liked it (but not better than mind lol). His brother got the Lord's roast lamb which he said was good. We did not try dessert although next time that bread pudding is happening as I hear it's amazing!!  Overall the food was good but not blown away by it. I want to give it 3.5 stars but that's not an option and I really do just think 4 is a tad too much. I'm hoping on my next visit I can up the rating a bit :)
4	Went for a get together here on a Saturday recently and ordered their fish-n-chips which was a large portion of fried haddock resting on steak fries with a side of cole slaw all on the same plate.  It was well prepared and a generous amount of food for $13.  I can't complain.  Menu has ample choices of traditional British fare including Shepherd's Pie, Bangers(sausage links) and Mash, Steak&Kidney Pie, Chicken Curry, lamb and roast beef platters. Breakfast, dessert, and kids menus as well.Good service from two servers who kept tabs on us till closing, live music, and $10 top shelf shots made for a fun night.  It's worth a look.
3	We all need a good British pub in our lives. The bar tenders are down to earth. No frills just drinks and ok food. Great to watch games and after work HH.
3	If I could give a half mark it would be 2.5 - I give three because my server was really really nice and super helpful. As a Brit I was looking forward to some decent home cooked traditional food - I chose the steak and kidney pie. I was told it was homemade. I know what a pie out of a can both looks and tastes like and that's what I got. Not impressed at all and as a British pub, poor poor representation.
3	This restaurant has a friendly staff and mellow vibe. The $4.50 20 oz daily specials are great as well! The food here has, for the most part been good (I am not counting against them that time I had steak and kidney pie expecting steak and kidney beans, and what a surprise I got when the pie came with kidney in it!) however the first time I went the chicken pie I ordered was made with some sort of spoilt milk product. Last time I went they got my boyfriends order wrong and I finished my meal before they brought his out. It was supposed to be a steak and mushroom pie and there was no steak in it. Both times they comped the pies, but since I've only eaten here four times that's getting orders right half the time. I would recommend this place if you are looking for something slightly different, or a good filling meal. The Cornish Pasty is a new favorite of mine.
3	Maybe I just don't like British pub food but everything I ate was extremely underwhelming. I decided to go all out and get the Cornish Pasty but it sucked. The potatoes and gravy were bland, the vegetables were flavorless, and the pasty was gross. If I ever come back here it'll be strictly for a beer.
3	A solid 3.5 stars for this cute little place.  I work right across the street and have been meaning to go here for the food, besides just belly up to the bar.  Its a really nice set up and the atmosphere feels very cozy.  For lunch, they had great lunch specials (for $5.50) and it included 5 choices!  Their menu is so huge and very diverse.  Including your traditional English pub fare of fish and chips, bangers and mash, and shepherds pie.  I had the beef stroganoff over rice and it was pretty good.  Nothing tremendously special, and I was left wishing I had gone for the fish and chips instead.  I have heard great things about that.  I will be back here to try something else and the prices and atmosphere are really nice.  The service was great and it was fairly busy for a mid day late lunch.  Which is always a great sign.
5	I've been meaning to visit a British pub in Charlotte for a while now, so I was very pleased to come across Big Ben.  The pub is located right in the hustle and bustle of South End - right along the light rail tracks.  The atmosphere inside is very homey and inviting.  As I typically do at British pubs, I ordered the signature fish and chips.  This consisted of one giant piece of haddock with fries and a side of cole slaw.  Delicious! The fish was not too heavy, but still filling.  Washed it down with a cold beer.  Their beer selection was pretty impressive.  Even got to sample one.  What more could you ask for?
1	We moved across the street 4 months ago and have been trying to make this bar our new home.  The bar is okay but the service sucks!  They don't care about their clients but rather care about hanging out with other staff members more than service.  They are slow, forget your requests and the managers couldn't care less. The bartenders and servers are great, but they can't do anything without the owners and managers support.  We are not going back after giving this place 6 chances and trying extremely hard to make it our new hangout.  They need a ton of management support, and the wait staff sucks! Cross the street and try Tyber creek or all american pub where the environment is more upbeat, positive and they care about their customers.
3	The wait is finally over. After saying "I wanna go in there" for 5 years, we finally visited Big Ben's pub. I've heard and read about the fish and chips, so that's what I had. Don't ever recall having haddock, so it was going to be a new experience. I tried not comparing my plate to the plate I had in Ireland last year. I thought that would be unfair. The first thing my wife said, "that doesn't look as good as the one in Ireland".   The taste was ok. Kind of bland in an English way. No soul or personality to it. My fish in Ireland tasted like there was a story to it. Like the oil it was fried in, was the same since the turn of last century. I was stunned by how good that was. That's why I didn't want to compare. But it was hard not to.   My wife had a curry dish that was quite lovely. Very tasty.   The service was bland, so I guess that was the theme. Very nice waitress, but she left us alone, and not in a good way.    All in all, I believe this was another first and last for us.
3	BLUF: I was full when I left, but felt like I paid too much.I went to Big Ben one Sunday night primarily because it was within walking distance of Tremont Music Hall, where I was going to a concert later that night. I ordered a steak and kidney pie, a glass of Crispin (which happened to be on special that night, conveniently), and a slice of their sweet potato maple layered cheesecake. The pie was all right, but I discovered I wasn't a big fan of kidney. Definitely should've gone for steak and mushroom instead. The sides that came with it were fine, but nothing special. The cheesecake, on the other hand, was very good. However, I'm not sure it was quite worth $8 a slice.In the end, the food was all very filling, but nothing special and not worth what I paid.
