4	Yesterday, I passed through Equestrian Park on a hike from Club Fortune to the River Mountains Loop Trail. Equestrian Park is a panhandle of open space north of Equestrian Drive extending from the River Mountains to Magic Way. In a sense it is a Henderson gateway to the River Mountains.  Equestrian Park is equestrian themed. There are marked equestrian trails connecting the north parking lot to the River Mountains Loop Trail (which has a parallel equestrian trail in the vicinity of Equestrian Park.). There is also an equestrian arena. Regardless of the equestrian theme, people and canines codominate with horses at Equestrian Park. From my observation, I saw zero horses and passed dozens of park users accompanied by their canine. Equestrian Park is canine friendly. The very first thing you will see at the southwest parking lot is a dog park.  The landscape is mostly undeveloped desert vegetation. I saw multitudes of birds, a few lizards, and squirrels. At the River Mountains trail head there is a bat habitat (not the attraction kind).  The south portion of Equestrian Park offers a nice hike on two parallel paved trails that connect the southwest parking lot to the River Mountains Loop Trail. The topography very gradually climbs up.  For an all day hike, I recommend parking at the southeast parking lot to explore some of the River Mountains Loop Trail.
4	Equestrian Park:  I didn't spend a whole bunch of time at the actual park, just some stretching before and after our 11 mile run/walk.  We started and ended our half marathon training here.  From the park, there's a paved trail where you'll find runners, walkers, and riders.  I love Saturday or Sunday morning runs.  Nothing beats starting your day with a run under the sun, especially before it really gets hot.  The trail is rather long, but since we were only striving for 11 miles total, we only got through a quarter of it.  I'm told by others that the trail run through the lakes.  The trail doesn't have any shade so make sure you bring enough water and sunscreen.  As for wildlife, there's plenty of it. My only issue with this trail is the lack of trash cans and porta potties.  Overall, I'm giving Equestrian Park 4 stars.  Equestrian Park's trail is a nice trail that sure beats running in circles to get to your mileage goals.  One day I'll get through the whole trail.  As for now, 11 miles will just have to do.
