3	It's bad enough that this poor place has to go up against the left-right punch of Golden Corral & Chinese Gourmet Buffet, both excellent & close by, but now it has to try to deal with Lin's amazing new place just down the street!  Let's see if it looks like they can survive.  (It better be good!)This is a nice building outside, with a simple but ok look inside.  It's somewhat large, & there's lots to eat here... I counted 73 trays of food, plus dressings & so on.  There were a reasonable number of diners on hand, but not packed like Lin's.I started with Hot & Sour Soup, & it was just terrific... I've never had better!  They're off to a good start.  The plain wood bench seat in the booth was ok, but the table was too far away & things weren't adjustable, so that was a minus to me.  (They do have tables & chairs available, though.)Next, the usual cute little Chinese server lady with her pony-tail showed up.  She was sweet & friendly, & the service was excellent.The food here all ranged from "good" to "delicious" in my estimation, & I think this place deserves to survive!  If you like Chinese food, I hope you'll give this place a try when you're in the neighborhood & help them go up against the big guns!
4	I use to do take out from this place when I lived on the west side. It was about $9 for their buffet take out and they gave you a container and basically you filled it up until you couldn't stuff it anymore, which I graciously did. I found a place on the East side that reminds me of them and the food is just as good. Plus I always had enough for leftovers for the next day. Call me greedy but hey, it is a buffet and its ok to be greedy from time to time lol.
4	I attempted Lin's, to be honest, but it was inhumanely packed, had too long of a line, and was highly priced.  I went with 80% as good for 50% the price and came here.  I think I made a fine decision.Rand is the GRand Boofay Master, and I can add very little to his well-written review.  Everything he says about New Great China is true:The food is pretty darned good.The booth was uncomfortable.It deserves to survive amidst nearly insurmountable competition.The server was really cute.
4	Wow, it's been almost 14 months since last reviewing this one!  Well, today it was Mike C., Arlin B., Scott W., Robyn N. & myself out to see how they're doing here.  As you see above, it was real good!  I counted 78 food items out, not including sauces & dressings, & they now have just a little sushi.  Everything was good, the place was comfortable, the help friendly, & it's sooo inexpensive right now.  How can you go wrong?     :-))Lunch Buffet $4.95!
3	Well I had lunch here today with Robyn N.,Arlin B., Scott W. and Rand H. and it was my second time here (forgot to review the first time) I know I would Have given them 4 stars on my first visit but now almost a year and a half later there are so many better places.The food here is not bad but only half as good as Hibachi only one block away. They might survive with there low price( 4.95 lunch buffet ) which gives them great value'
3	Had lunch here with Rand H, Robyn N, Arlin B and Mike C.  The last time I was in the building it was a Black Eyed Pea.  For $4.95 for lunch +beverage, including desert it's a great bargain.  Most everything I tried was pretty good but not much that really stood out.  The serving trays were small enough that none of them sat out too long before being replaced.  The plates were on the small side, I saw this as a plus because it stopped me from piling too much food on, A bigger eater might not like having to make the extra trips.  The employees were all pleasant.  The physical building is getting worn, some of the tables having a slant to them.  Two of us wished there were some small bowls on the desert island for ice cream/pudding.$7.08 with tax for a filling lunch.  3.5 stars.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sadly, Great China here has closed!     :-OThe problem?  Too many competing Buffets in the neighborhood, plus they weren't charging enough at $4.95 when it should have been $6.95.  The food was quite good here, & this is a loss for those of us who enjoy a good Buffet now and then...  Well ok, every day or so!     :-))
4	CLOSED?!! DEAR GOD WHY???This was my favorite buffet ever. The food was always good. The staff were always super awesome. I miss this place.. They had the best rice too..
