1	I was excited to try this. I've often wondered what it's like like to breathe concentrated oxygen. I'm told we normally breathe 20% oxygen, this was 90%. I told the girl at the kiosk that I was very curious about what to expect. She said, " Oh it's totally invigorating and gives you a sense of well being". I was thinking, "cool sounds like "Xtacy", hook me up!"    Before shoving the rubber hoses up my nose she suggested I include the energy booster shot for an added $ 5. "What does it do" I asked. "Oh it really enhances the experience" she replied. "Well then Hell yes, five bucks to kick in the Buzz give it to me!" I drank it down, artificial, gross tasting Cinnamon syrup, yuck! I was certain with as nasty as it tasted it must really be effective. Let me see if i can relate to you the feeling I was experiencing. It was like breathing except with tubes up your nose in the middle of a shopping mall with a gross cinnamon flavor in your mouth. I had been had ! Even the massage is bogus. The massage is given with some hand held vibrators which the try to sell you after your "invigorating" transformation. I'm not even sure the hoses are hooked up to anything other than the bubbling colored fragrances on the display.  Just go to the Roulette Wheel in the Casino and put a $20 bill on Red, if it hits your rush will be much more intense, if not you'll know what it feels like to waste $ 20.
4	I thought the aroma's were really nice.  I felt more awake after it.  The massage was relaxing.  I didn't buy any extras but it wasn't a problem.  It was the first time I tried it and I was happy I did.  I would try it again though a tad pricey.
5	I was very skeptical of trying out Oxygen Bar. But what a great experience. You do not just get a pure concentrated fresh air but you get  a head and  a back massage with it , as well as  an application of essential oils during both the breathing and massage.The staff at the Oxygen bar is very friendly and knowledgeable that made the experience even more pleasing. You get out of there feeling a new level of energy. Great if you are jet lagged or just tired after a long day in Vegas.
2	I went to their location in the Fashion Mall farther down the strip but it's the same thing so I think this review should reflect it.I was really curious about what this would entail and after hearing/seeing that it was one of these in-the-middle-of-the-mall spectacles I wasn't hugely turned on but nevertheless it was a new experience.  I came out of it pretty unsure of whether I liked it or not and whether or not I had just wasted $22.  Part of it I think was the heightened spending I already do when I come to Vegas; I mean, if you're spending $10-20 on a drink most of the time and double that on food, oxygen bar for $22 and a message ain't that bad amiright?The ladies working there were pretty nice, we talked for quite a while.  They didn't go into a spiel about how it works like others mentioned in yelp reviews, they just showed me how to hook the tube thing into my nose and then came around to give a massage with the handheld dealio.  Heck, it might just be something that you see everyday at the Sharper Image, but the thing was comfortable and I was really beat from the usual Vegas tirade so that was probably one of the good things the money went to.  After the quick back massage they hooked some EKG looking pads up to my back and gave me a little remote to try out some different massages myself.  It would have been cool except there was only 1 setting out of the 9 or 10 that actually felt good.As for the Oxygen, you can definitely feel it in your nose, and I did feel relaxed while getting it, but I can assure you there's no "refreshing rejuvenation" afterwards like a lot of these yelpers claim.  I kind of wonder if they were just bombed-hungover or they are actually employees for this place.  An hour or so after I did this, I went back to my hotel and took a nap and I woke up feeling like I had a sinus cold.  Thankfully it went away by the late evening but needless to say I didn't feel very refreshed other than during the experience.The one saving grace was that they let me go for basically as long as I wanted, which was about 35-45 minutes.  And as I mentioned, I did feel relaxed while I was there.  But for the most part, this folks is a myth debunked.
4	The ladies working behind the booth were very friendly and easy to talk to, they gave us a few suggestions for breakfast after as well too.I like doing oxygen treatments, and this one is the same as everyone else, I enjoyed the conversation, and the treatment, and I felt great afterword. I definitely didn't feel retarded anymore after it, which is always a plus after a 4 day weekend of raging in vegas.
3	Who would have ever thought I would review an oxygen bar? I didn't think these things existed until I saw one with my own eyes. My wife wanted to try it. For me, having a tube wrapped around your head pumping oxygen into your nose reminded me too much of being in the hospital, so I passed.This is in a small corner by the 2nd floor entrance of the Venetian Hotel, sort of tucked away. It's very colorful - the oxygen (for example) pumps through colored waters for both visual effect and to add humidity to the air.They offer a nice service which includes demonstrating all of their products on you. They have vibrating head massagers and back massagers. They have electro-muscle stimulators. They even offer vitamin supplements.So, at the end of the day, I would be remiss to warn you to watch you wallet.As for the experience, the price for the "treatment" was very reasonable, After seeing this, I noticed other oxygen bars in other hotels. All of them had much higher prices for the same service. If you want to go for their treatment, this seems as good as any for a lower price.If oxygen is your thing - enjoy.
4	My husband and I walked by this only hours before we were getting married.  I have always wanted to see what it was about so when we saw this at our hotel we decided to give it a try.We were seated in front of machines and given a disposable piece that goes in the nostrils.  While enjoying the oxygen treatment the workers come around and do things to help you relax even further like putting essential oil on the back of your neck.  They also demonstrate various massage and relaxation products on you while you sit there.  The products are available for purchase when done.I really enjoyed this and found it relaxing.
