5	A great place to go for dog supplies.  The staff is knowledgeable and sweet and the prices are right.  They offer things like dog birthday cakes (?!) and a customer loyalty program.  Stop in and take a look, and don't forget to bring a quarter for the gumball machine!
5	Bad Dog Frida is an excellent store for dog owners who are willing and able to provide their dogs with the very best in food, treats and toys.  The store owners, Carmen and Sue, are extremely helpful to their customers, not to mention quite knowledgeable about dog nutrition and holistic health.  Before I rescued my puppy and when he was young, they put up with my endless stream of inane fretful-mommy questions and had excellent answers for all of them.  In fact, Carmen and Sue have a large pack of rescued dogs of their own -- some of whom you might meet at the store!  Bad Dog Frida carries lots of really interesting and durable dog toys (including really excellent puzzle toys for mental stimulation); a good selection of high quality dog food (including pre-made raw) and treats with NO crappy doggie junk food; some holistic health products such as probiotics and tooth paste; well-made collars and leashes; a small but carefully-selected collection of books; and, for the humans, clothes, accessories and art.  They also have a small selection of cat toys, treats, food and collars.  Carmen and Sue are always on the lookout for great new toys, treats and ideas, and they're very particular about what they'll carry -- only the highest quality food and goods.  Carmen once told me that she sent a batch of Stella and Chewy's raw food back to the manufacturer because it didn't look quite right -- as if it may have thawed a bit on the truck.  Now that is what I call commitment to your customers.  The store itself is bright, clean and just fun to be in and browse.  It's very clear that the owners of Bad Dog Frida are committed to the "whole dog" AND the owner, even aside from the fact that they only offer the best products.  They support local dog rescue, host seminars and work shops about important dog-related topics, and put together social events such as the monthly "Coffee Hound Hour."  They also have a great customer appreciation program where you can earn in-store credit for the money you spend.  It's clear that they take the time to get to know their customers (human and canine alike) and offer a very personalized shopping experience.Bad Dog Frida is the kind of local establishment I absolutely LOVE to patronize.  You might pay a bit more than you would at the likes of Petsmart or Mounds, but Bad Dog Frida MORE THAN makes up for it in quality, good advice and shopping experience.  Sue and Carmen are two amazing women whose love "for good dogs and their people" shines through in every aspect of what they do!  I'd give this awesome store six stars if I could.
5	What a nice shop with two very helpful and lovely owners!  This shop has a lot of unique pet items that I havne't seen in Chicago-including many doggie games, antler chews and fun chew toys.  I really enjoyed exploring this little gem of a shop and I've recommended to my friends who live in Madison.  I also love that the owners have big pictures of their doggies all over the store-very sweet!
5	I can't stop raving about this shop. As a guy, I catch a little heat for talking about the perfect shop for all things dog - If you're picturing me with a Pomeranian, you're way off the mark... I have a lab and a hound. They have cat things but I'm allergic to the evil creatures so I don't venture much into that section of the shop. They carry great brands and great products and awesome food. If they don't have what you want, they'll look into providing it for you which makes going to the pet superstores unnecessary. And if you're worried about the cost - supporting small businesses isn't always at the top of everyone's agenda - they have a great rewards system!If anything, go for Sue and Carmen. They are incredibly knowledgeable. They stand behind their products because they sell awesome things. And they care about their customers and their dogs. I've only brought mine in once and every time I go in there they always recognize me and ask me how they're doing.
5	Stopped in here by accident yesterday-- what a great shop. I'm not sure which owner we met but she was great-- helpful without being overwhelming and really appreciative of our business. We have a rescued dog and although she was not with us on this particular visit, we showed the owner some photos and discussed flea and tick prevention. She wound up recommending a product by Pal Dog, which is made from all natural oils and is also good for humans! She herself rescues dogs and it's very clear that she cares deeply about pets. They do carry unique products but it's the personal attention that really makes the difference here.
5	Wow, what a wonderful little shop! Carmen is extremely knowledgeable and  is willing to take the time to listen to concerns and make helpful informed recommendations.The supplements she recommended to help our cat through an extremely painful UTI have been working wonderfully.  She also has been willing to special order our cat food. No other shop in Madison has been willing to do this for us! It was always a mad search to find someone that had their special food in stock. Now, we know bad Dog Frida will have it ready for us at a pre-determined time. We are now looking into ordering our dog food through there too!
5	Like Sak's Fifth Avenue for your favorite pooch (and kitty - they have a few cat items).You'll get personalized service, high-end products, and plenty of options for your favorite four-legged friend.  In addition to the super high quality food and treat options, they have bedding, toys, leads, and clothing - not only for fido but for you as well.  I snagged a t-shirt, a sticker, and some dog treats while here, and I almost purchased some artwork...The store is small, but it's laid out very well; everything fits and flows well.  There were a few other shoppers with dogs in tow, and the BDF staff greeted everyone, asked if they could approach the dog(s), and asked if they could offer treat(s).  Very well done.I don't get to this side of town very often, but will definitely re-visit Frida and her Bad Dog the next time I do.
5	The owners really know their stuff. The food isn't over priced and they will get what you need if its healthy and available. Great selection of dog jackets. Good loyalty program.
5	Great store for your pooches.....the women that own it clearly love what they do and are super educated with all of their products.  They have educated and guided us with supplements for our aging pug that has always helped.  This is a great neighborhood store run by wonderful people....go see them for all of your pet needs.
5	Want to see how to set-up and run a perfect business? Look no further than Bad Dog Frida. Now that I live in the neighborhood here, I visit this place about every 3 weeks, and *every single visit* is textbook excellent.+ Super friendly and helpful staff - they always make you feel welcomed and appreciated+ Staff is extremely knowledgeable + Great products+ Reasonable prices+ Take advantage of their loyalty program - I've scored tons of freebies from it+ If you purchase Fromm's foods, save your UPC codes; you'll get a free bag of food after you collect 12 UPC codes. The staff here makes the transaction painless and fast.I love this place. And so do my pets.
5	what can i possibly say that hasn't already been saidthis place is AMAZING!We moved to the neighborhood coming up to 3 years ago.  This is one of the first places i checked out while walking our boy SLATER.great treats, toys, owners and staff are friendly, knowledgable and caring.fast forward 1 year later, we adopt a new dog; anxiety problems, dog aggression issues, even a dog behavioralist was stumped.  we reached out for any help.the lovely owners of bad dog frida would lend a sympathetic ear, share their stories and make recommendations.they CARE about your animals and they CARE about you.highly recommended!
4	I stopped in looking for a specific kind of canned cat food. They didn't have it, so I read the labels of every other kind they do have. I prefer to avoid gums like carageenan and xanthan gum, etc., but every brand has it. Sigh. Not their fault.They offered help gently several times, which, being a bit annoyed by the above, I didn't initially accept. But then I relented, and we discussed what I was specifically looking for, and what I was avoiding. They listened, and suggested dehydrated cat food which is reconstituted by adding water. Most of the issues were avoided this way. I'd never even heard of that type of cat food before, so I was happy to learn about it. They sent me off with two samples to let my cat try out, and let me know when they would have it in stock.I had a similar experience months ago while looking for specific needs food for my daughter's dog. We found the perfect one, and she actually ended up switching him to that food based on that shopping trip and discussion.I highly recommend Bad Dog Frida. It's a charming little shop and they couldn't be more patient and helpful with fussy pet owners :-)
4	So much love in this store.  I have very special, diva-liscious dogs that require a lot of thought; from dog anxiety, to bladder infections, to getting bored very easily.  I frequent many dog stores just to keep up with the newest thing that would make life with these two 80-lb dogs easier.  I walked into this store and they not only went over all of the different functions of behavior (medical, behavioral...) but thought out possible treatments with me.  I ended up purchasing a new chest harness for our ridgeback and it has helped a lot.  They also have a fun selection of accessories, holistic health options and gift ideas.  I ended up getting a print of a ridgeback, a breed that is pretty rare!  My only downside is that all of the products add up in price.  They are comparable to other dog boutiques and close to the prices of the chain stores, but has much more variety in styles and options.
5	Romy, my border collie mix with something unknown, is far from a bad dog. In fact, I hear the statement "Good boy" leave my lips a gazillion times a day, followed by a belly rub and a t-r-e-a-t (had to spell it out in fear he'd know what I was talking about.. Collies are smart that way). Although he listens and behaves much like a well mannered lad at home and even off his leash, it's quite surprising (and yet not surprising at all given his breed) that walks with Romy are nothing short of a handful. Now I don't mind getting dirty, but I don't care much for getting dragged through the mud by a dog that can't contain his excitement when he sees a squirrel or a car passing by or smells another dogs piss in the distance. This constant tug of war has been an ongoing issue, and yet I excused it due to his young age and that soon, with continued walks, he would settle. I'd began to think I was mistaken. That is until I came to Bad Dog Frida.It's kind of funny that a pet store could hold the answer for nixing my dog's behavior, but it's legit. We spoke with such a friendly, energetic and informed staff member. By the looks of other reviews, perhaps she was an owner. Anyhow, she suggested a few specialty leashes for the wandering dog. And she went into great detail about all of them. We ended up purchasing the Gentle Leader with the promise that we could return it no questions asked. That promise need not be fulfilled seeing as my pup has already taken to the leash and I have seen such a huge difference in his walking already. There is so much more to Bad Dog Frida: treats, healthy food at competitive prices, toys, SMART toys, herbs, and even kitty cat essentials. They even strongly encourage you to bring your dog to shop along with you. So nice.
