5	Peace Lutheran is a new Christian church in the southeast area of the valley. A very dedicated core group of members along with the Pastor and his family are working to get the word out about Peace and the first service on March 9th. Pastor Greg Hein is one of the most enthusiastic and energetic people I have ever met. His sermons are true Gospel and hold your attention until the amen! If you are searching for a church home and demand that the true Word of God is preached, you should make it a point to give Pastor a call or attend an upcoming service.
5	I am new to Peace Lutheran and have just finished my Bible studies with Pastor Hein, so I was just Confirmed on the 18th along with other new members.  He is such a kind person and wonderful teacher to help all of us in our classes.  Peace has become my church home and all the members have been so welcoming to myself and other new members.  His teachings are straight from the Bible.  It is so nice to be able to be part of Peace as it continues to grow and to have other Christians to become friends with.
5	Peace has been my church home for about a year now and my family and I love it! We're new to the area and the church has become like family to us very quickly. There is something for all ages, from a staffed nursery for the little ones to a children's ministry program to uplifting worship and Bible study opportunities for the adults. You'll find a welcoming atmosphere at worship and individual pastoral care should you need it, one of the reasons I enjoy it over the many area mega-churches. We also participate in service projects and social events with other members which makes it easy to get to know people. Most importantly, there is a true emphasis on God's Word and a very mission-minded focus. You won't be disappointed!
5	Just wanted to add to my previous comment how warm and welcoming Pastor Hein and his wife Julie have continued to be.  I can not sing a note so when I told Julie that I was having a little trouble with my voice and not knowing the words she said God loves to hear all voices and she has taken her time to send me emails each week with the songs that will be used that Sunday so that I at least feel like I can participate and not totally embarrass myself.  Thank you Julie....As for my Pastor, he has been a godsend for me, he is always open to talking about anything with me and when I have taken friends with me to church he has always been so gracious to make them feel welcomed.  I enjoy his teachings on Sunday's they help get me through the week.  Everyone is always welcome to Peace Lutheran Church.
5	Peace is a new church in Gilbert AZ that held it's first official service on Palm Sunday of 2014. I have been a member from the start and have been truly blessed by God to have found this church. Warm and welcoming are two words that come to mind when people ask me about my church. Pastor Greg is an amazing teacher and preacher, his sermons are a mini bible study every week. Check them out for yourself on YouTube. We believe in and share the true Word of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, and subscribe to the teaching that we are to love our neighbors as we love ourselves. You will be hard pressed to find a nicer group of people to worship with.
5	Sad to see the review by May.  That doesn't sound like this church at all. All are welcomed and greeted with sincere friendship. Go and see!
