4	Johnny K's is a great local restaurant with homecooked meats and vegetables. Every day they have different specials and I must say they make a mean chicken and dumplings! I also love the fact that they serve you a complementary bowl of soup, at least with dinner they do and the vegetable is delicious! I am very grateful that we can find homecooked meals that my family can eat and feel good about, not the average fast food crud that most of us just stop and pick up.
2	Oh Johnny!  All work and no play makes Johnny's food a little blah!I had been here before but never reviewed it.  I stopped in here again the other day out of desperation.  I have to say that the place gives you the feel of a small town mom and pop restaurant and the staff is very friendly.The first time I ate here my friend found a hair on her pickle...hahaha...that just sounds funny for some reason.  Anyway she notified the waitress and she promptly took it away but never returned with another pickle :-)....hilarious!  Our food was ok on that visit but neither of us were really impressed.The other day I came in and ordered the club samich and fries.  The club was ok but the bread was dried out and just crumbling all to pieces.  The fries were pretty good but then again those are a little tuff to screw up.  I think one problem that this place has is that the menu is just too big with way too many items on it.  Unfortunately I dont think I'll be returning for strike three at Johnny's!
1	Such bland food!
4	Cute family-style diner in what appears to be a new shopping plaza in metropolitan Fort Mill, South Carolina. When our first choice was closed on Sunday, my friend suggested this place. He eats here at least twice a week and that was more than apparent because he was recognized by a couple of the staff.I went with the "Deuces" breakfast - two eggs, two sausage and two bacon with two pieces of French Toast. Nicely cooked and presented, I had to remind the waitress to bring over the syrup. But the toast wasn't coated with powdered sugar - hooray!My friend opted for lunch, the liver was served in a swamp of gravy as he requested with mashed potatoes that could well have been hand made and a bowl of fried okra. I stole a couple of 'em - they were great.Super cheap and good service. If you're looking for value dining in the Mill, this is it.
1	Good potato salad. Unfortunately out of 4 meals... None were delicious. I really wanted to like this local place. Tasted like frozen microwaved meals :(
1	They are now closed.
