3	I've eaten at many a buffet in Las Vegas but not necessarily a lot of the higher-end buffets such as Bellagio's.  Mostly this is due to the high cost of eating there when I would rather spend that money on a single entree at a regular restaurant.  Last night I had the pleasure of attending the pre-opening of Aria with all meals and casino play comp'd.  We had the choice of either the cafe or the buffet.  Since there was a huge line to the cafe, we chose to head upstairs and see what was offered.The buffet is very attractive physically with different levels to the seating area as you move through the room.  The serving area surrounds the room, starting with salad and seafood and moving through the typical, yet sophisticated buffet faire.  It ends with the dessert area which is less substantial than many buffets but did have some good treats.The food ranges from crab legs and shrimp to veal bollanaise (at least on this particular night), from hummus to asian noodles.  Again, much of the same stuff I've found at the Palms buffet or Wynn's.  Compared to Wynn's buffet, the Aria does not compare in choice for dinner or selection in desserts.  The food was of high quality at Aria but not worth the $30 after taxes it will cost for a dinner here.Perhaps after the grand opening the selections will change.  There are some issues with people lining up for the seafood when they may not realize you don't have to wait to move around the rest of the room; a bottleneck that almost ends up having people lining up near the entryway.I would probably come here again only if the meal was comp'd.  If I were a guest at the Aria this would be a good choice for a buffet as there is nothing else within walking distance from the casino (perhaps Bellagio but I've never eaten there) that would be any better, but maybe the walk will build up an appetite that any food can resolve.
1	Just got back from Vegas in which we stayed the last night at Aria, so thought we would hit their breakfast buffet, thinking it would be on par with Belligo and Wynn. Boy, were we wrong. OK, know it's only their second day in operation, but how can you screw up bacon and eggs? My wife and I were shown our table, and immediately went to get our food. The food area was quite long, but not a great selection. Usually I walk and look at the food and figure out the few things that look best so I can fit them onto my plate, but here, it was a struggle to find enough things appealing enough to eat. Their eggs benedict looked very weird; the eggs were freakishly white. Hard to find just regular breakfast fare. There were two omelet stations with many people waiting at each ( you know a buffet is bad when people opt for the 'ol standby omelet) I got in line behind Mr. Picky who had to have a special egg white only omelet with veeeery light Cheddar cheese and was also behind some punk kid who was eating off his plate in line. Idiot. The chef manning the station seemed overwhelmed by the special order so I moved on. A huge slice of ham (not bad), some Chinese egg concoction and a slice of pizza later I went back to eat. Started eating and no server yet. Half way through and still no server. Finally when I was almost done, a server asked if I wanted anything to drink. I barely chocked out, "orange juice". Finally, when I was on my second to last bite, my drink came, all six ounces of it. I asked for two more. For 15 bucks, this should have been much better. I have gotten just a good breakfast at Terribles for half the price. Also, since this place should be one of the elite, what I found totally tacky was at each of the foods, instead of having a nice plaque with what the food is, it was written on the sneeze windows with grease pencil. Totally lame. Not sure if we would go back to eat here even if comped. Perhaps their lunch and dinners are better.
4	I've eaten at a lot of buffets in Las Vegas.  This has got to be one of the best.  It was not crowded when I got there.  The food is freshly made and tasted great.  The service was impeccable.  I have to reiterate that the best part of the buffet is the freshness and the great selection/variety of food.  You have your selection of seafood, fresh tossed salad just the way you want it, crab legs, oysters, prime rib/turkey, cooked food, asian station, soups, and a incredible dessert bar.  I wanted to go back again before I left Las Vegas, but didn't find the time.
1	We were excited to dine at the buffet at Aria thinking it woulod be on par with the Mirage and Bellagio...The only on  par was the price as the selection was not so good....the food was not so good....Looks life half the section at the same price.
2	Went there the other day for lunch with a co-worker. There is a lot of space devoted to the food but it seems half of it is taken up by cooking stations where nobody is cooking anything. There was a salad station where someone tosses your salad for you and a station where someone pours you some Miso soup. Seems like a waste of space. Overall there was not a lot of variety as each area had only 3-4 dishes to pick from. For me the best part of the buffet was the king crab legs, jumbo shrimp and the desert area. Not worth the price.
2	The Buffet at Aria is not up to par with the other high-end buffets on the Las Vegas strip.  I showed up at 3:30PM the day after it opened on purpose to be able to sample their lunch and their dinner dishes.  The cost was $21.99 per person and included the usual drink offerings of soda, iced and/or hot tea, coffee, and juices.The first action station you see is a skimpy, made-to-order salad bar where any one of three+ servers place a small variety of incredients into a mixing bowl, add the dressing for you, and place it on a plate or bowl.  It's a neat idea to have a salad action station, but this one falls short.  Do they really need to portion out romaine and shredded carrots? I asked myself.Moving along the line, you begin to see real food, including 3 carving stations, one with turkey, one with leg of lamb, and one with prime rib--all were of acceptable quality and well seasoned.BEWARE THE SUSHI:  the sushi was terrible!  It's essentially of the same caliber as what you would get from a low-end local supermarket and they go way to heavy on the rice and the fish is barely visible, dull and dry instead of shinny and moist..  Skip the sushi!BEWARE THE ASIAN DISHES:  They also have about half a dozen Asian dishes laid out, including Chinese brocolli with beef in hoisin sauce, orange chicken, noodles with veggies, egg rolls, etc.  First the hoisin sauce, which might as well be called hoisin salt at this buffet becuase it was way too salty and not well stirred.  I would avoid it unless you like to have your soy sauce in a shot-glass.  The eggrolls had way too much dough and not enough veggies, and they were under-cooked.  The noodles were overcooked and the flavor was uneven from one bite to the next.They did have some interesting Indian dishes which were well seasoned and I could even detect several layers of flavor, which does take some skill to pull off even in Indian cuisine.  They also had fresh baked garlic nam bread that they brushed with butter that I highly recommend.The dessert station was average and included the usual tiny cakes, cheesecake, cookies, but the chocolate dipped strawberries tasted like wax, etc. So, to sum it up, if you find yourself at this buffet, skip all but the carving stations, the Indian food, and the dessert bar.  Perhaps they're in the process of learning from their mistakes, but at this point you could take a 10-minute walk in just about any direction and have a 4-5 star buffet experience at another hotel.  I highly recommend the buffets at The Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and The Mirage over the one at Aria and they are competitively priced.  In fact, even if they cleaned up their act and got the Asian foods right at the Aria's buffet, their cafeteria-line set up is ill-equiped to effectively compete with the competition nearby.  At its best, this could potentially become a 3-star buffet in my opinion.
2	For another city this restaurant might get a higher rating, but compared to other buffets in Las Vegas, the Buffet at the Aria doesn't match up. Especially compared to the Bellagio next door that has the same price for lunch and dinner, the Bellagio wins without doubt.The main reason I went was for the oysters on the half shell, but beware: the oysters were unfresh, dessicated,  and had such a strong fishy taste that I was unable to swallow them. Also they looked as if no one had touched them on the ice which made them the more unfresh. The sushi was palatable though I suspect the Aria does not hire a real sashimi chef with the sashimi being unevenly cut. The prime rib and the flank steak were good, although they were not seasoned particularly well to meet the standard already set by the Bellagio. As the newcomer on the block, the Aria does not make a case for itself; the Bellagio does a better job and has much more selection for the same cost. The Aria buffet resembles a cafeteria and the interior is somewhat claustrophobic.The saving grace of this buffet is the beautiful presentation of its desserts, this could make it worth it if you are a dessert fan, although the selection is definitely less varied than that at the Bellagio. All in all, the Aria was digestible (apart from the oysters), but it cannot compete in the competitive buffet scene of Las Vegas.
3	Something like $30 for dinner per person.  Depending on the time (around 6 it gets really busy) otherwise there's room/hardly a wait line.The staff is very friendly but when it gets busy they ignore you a bit.Unlike what a previous review said you start off with king crab legs/shrimp now (I went a day before and the crab/shrimp were at the end)... the shrimp is what I expect it to be for paying $30 and the crab is just alright.  Ask them to steam the crab!!! Important! It tastes much better + the butter.There's sushi... avoid the nigiri (or rice + very little sashimi).  The fish isnt really what I expected.  Some of the sushi is alright.  I really liked the spider rolls.There is a carvery station with turkey, flank steak, and prime rib (depending on the hour/day) they mix it up.  An Indian section with goat/curry/hummus/etc.  Then there is an Asian section where you can get won-ton noodles upon request (not too bad but I could get one near my house for 5 bucks).  They have a good asian carvery (One night was good peking duck and the next day was cantonese BBQ Pork).  There isnt really much of a fruit selection.Then there's the dessert section.  The best part, honestly.  TRY THE CARROT CAKE! It's pretty good, not too sweet and well presented.  The Gelato and Macaroons are pretty good too!Overall, it's a decent place.  Not amazing or anything and a little pricey.
2	Others have described it, so I'll get to the point:  my wife and I were ther on Christmas day and had the brunch, which I thought was overprices at $30 each.  Regardless of the price, the food was horrible and on par with a cheap all you can eat $8.99 buffet off the strip -- think Hometown Buffet.  However, the desserts were excellent, and earns two stars from me.  I'm hoping they get better since they only opened the previous week; they certainly can't get worse.  They should have invested some of the $8.5 billion in better cooks and a good food director.
1	Expected MGM's new buffet at Aria in Citycenter to at least be on par with those at their higher-end properties such as Mirage. I am not sure what they were thinking.Firstly, if you don't like seafood don't even bother - aside from the seafood section you won't get a lot of joy out of the Asian section where you'll find seafood dishes, the Italian section where you'll find seafood dishes etc.What food I did eat was of exceedingly average quality, with the only minor saving grace being the desserts which ranged from OK, to good.Oh, and don't even bother with the omelette station - unless you've ever wondered what a 1 egg omelette made by someone with no idea how to make omelettes looks like.Here's a photo of my omelette for those who need to see for themselves - http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2715/4212078064_5203b6892e_b.jpg
1	My brother and I came here for a Thursday "holiday" meal on 12/24/09 with dinner pricing at $27-ish+tax+tip and a half an hour wait. The menu looked promising and we had moderate expectations given that this was a new hotel of the MGM Mirage group that would likely have some experience with pushing food at buffets - but we were sadly, sadly disappointed.THE BAD:First off, there the buffet line and stations are very utilitarian and remind you of a cafeteria - not a whole lot of good interior design went into designing this space and they wanted to seat us literally a yard away from the the entrance/exit with no barriers between the oncoming traffic. We requested another table and they were kind enough to oblige us.However, getting to the food - there were long lines for the "seafood" section - in which case only shrimp and crab legs were served. Just as we were approaching to serve ourselves - the trays were refilled with literally ROCK HARD FROZEN seafood - inedible, crusty with ice crystals. Even once you let it defrost - it was waterlogged, soggy, mushy and tasteless. There were two or three carving stations. One with an Indian-style (tandoori?) tri tip or a flatter-style steak where they'd carve you a single small strip and expect you to go on your merry way. The prime rib was cooked beyond well-done. The asian dishes were sub-par as well (wonton soup - the won tons were doughy, undercooked, and the kind with the super thick wrappers that you know no real establishment that caters to the Chinese would serve)THE GOOD:My highlight of the night was taking the tikka masala sauce (and passing on the dry sinewy chicken that soaking in it) and mixing it into bowls of basmati rice... mmm so good!!!! This literally saved my meal and stopped me from good-flavor-starvation. But definitely not what I should've paid for. The flank steak was wonderful with the garlicy/oniony topping. Desserts had a nice selection, gelato was passable, and pastries were what you'd expect them to be.
5	4.8 starsi was here last Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  Thursday night was  $27 and Friday and Saturday it was $40 with tax. $5 more for unlimited champagne or more like sparkling wine.  There was a huge line and if you want to wait in line it was take you about 30 mins.  But i am going to let you in on a secret ... shhhhhhhh....     only for yelp users.. just go ahead and hop on the left where there is only 5 to 6 people usually waiting there. no one check to see if you have a line pass or not. If there is a big security guard just ask to see Anna. she is a big Hispanic girl in her 20s. Just tell her "you love Tap out shirts" and slip her a $10 tip in the palm of your hand and you don't have to waiting in line any more.     the crab legs are really good cause they been cut in half already. but the best thing in this place is the dessert.  every dessert and ice cream taste great at this place.  best puff pastry ever and try the suger free lime pie.  trust me about the pastry i used  to be a baker.
3	The Buffet at Aria layout reminds of The Cravings at the Mirage.  Overall nice space and it has the view of the swimming pool and hot tub.  I went for brunch $35.99 with champagne over the weekend and there was a long line.  I still think they need to work out their quinks of the long lines and not enough people clearing out the tables.  Like any buffet, there are hits and misses.  Misses-Asian food taste horrible.  Hits-desserts are delicious and carving meats, such as prime rib is very delicious and moist.
2	2 Stars for the desserts. The choc dipped strawberries were great and the gelato was darn good!The rest was kind of crappy. The food was sad looking which made me very, very sad.  I was pretty hungry and went around the buffet twice to find something that I actually wanted to put on my plate but just couldn't pile it on like I usually do at buffets. Everything looked dried up like it had been sitting there for hours.  I just filled up on green beans (best thing there), crab legs (skinniest  you'll ever lay eyes on), dessert and went searching for happier food some place else.
4	Christmas brunch was $30 per person.  Service was good and friendly.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp were very good, large, and fresh.  I was a little disappointed with the desserts, they weren't upto par with the Bellagio's dessert selection.  I did however like the pistachio coffee cake.  There were a lot of asian selections including dim sum, chineese omellete, shrimp sushi, and spicy california rolls.  The carving stations had turkey and prime rib.  Both of which were a little dry.Overall the food was fresh and that is mostly the reason why I give this place 4 stars.  I stuck mostly to the sea food items, which were pretty good, but limited in the choices available.
5	Come on, it was worth the money for me eating 5 bowls of gelato for dessert. Just a few feet away downstairs, one scoop of gelato costs $5 which is soooo overpriced, so I literally got more than what I paid for, including 2 trips to the buffet. I went for lunch and it was $19.99 during the weekday. Since I stayed at Mandalay Bay, I just charged it to my room which was very convenient. The dinner must be a lot more expensive but lunch wasn't so bad. There was no line when we went, could be interpreted as good or bad, All I ate was crab and seafood. The dining side of the interior was nice, but the food side seemed like I was back at my college cafeteria. The food was pretty good, but having a sweet tooth, I ate 3 cream puffs on top of the 5 cups of gelato along with a berry tart.
2	Aria's interior and exterior decor is beautiful and stylish.  The hotel is huge!! However, I was not as impressed by the buffet as compared to the other buffets.I came here on Dec. 26th for Lunch ($30 per person).  The Buffet is on the second floor.  It was quiet difficult to find .. only because I wasn't aware that it was on the second floor.  The line for The Buffet was long; however, luckily my family of 17 had VIP access to the buffet.  To get seated for 17 individuals appeared very difficult, especially for one hostess.  We even told them that splitting the group would be fine with us.The Food was good.  I especially loved the burrito!.  There was variety, especially in the Chinese food and Meat!.  The Shrimp and the Shu Mai is so FRESH! I really liked the food, but they lacked Pasta and did not have a large selection of sushi.  However, the dessert selection was amazing!! There was a large selection of pastries, ice cream, and cakes!  The Coconut Ice cream is A MUST to eat!The service was good, except one hostess that was really rude.  So -1 star for her.  While we were getting seated, they placed our group to the side.  Throughout the whole time she was complaining to all the other hostess right in front of us saying, "They are not suppose to be here", "We should never do a group of 17", "What are they doing...", etc. as she rolled her eyes at us.  There were so many tables, that we honestly could not understand what the problem was.  However, one member in our group had a talk with her, in which she instantly started to treat us well.  High corporate power for the hotel can instantly change a person's service.   Overall, the food was good.. but for a new hotel .. I expected better.
1	So far, Aria is the latest five-star hotel in Las Vegas. However their buffet didn't taste like a five-star. I was so expected and was proven wrong on the Christmas Holiday dinner ($39.99+Tax).Its buffet is on the 2nd floor (which is hard to find) and there's no restroom near by the buffet. You need to walk to the Viva Elvis theater for it (which is hard to find too). The line was long, but since it's on the 25th, we were ready to wait.We came in at a large group of 12 and we understand it may be hard to find a table for 12 at a busy time like this, so we decided to split our group into 2 six-people groups and hope it would be easier. The hostess took the first six-people group and then gave us a four people seat! WTH?! When we asked she insisted that she just asked for four people to come in while we actually asked for six, and claimed "there is no other seat available at this time" while we can clearly see some other tables for two or four available for combining them and making it six. She even insisted two of us should go back to the front cashier and start all over again. How frustrating it is for staying in the line 2 hrs and cannot get seated in? I immediately asked for speaking to the manager. He responsed very quick and politely provided resolutions, trying to resolve the seating problem. We ended up getting another two seat table separated from the table of four. Although it's not the best solution, I think I could accept that partly because the manager's attitude is nice, but mainly because I was so hungry and exhausted standing in the line. Let me have my food rather than the seating crap.Originally I assume the Holiday dinner should have lots of selections; however Aria let me down because they only have few selection - Chinese, Italian and Indian. They served crab lag and shrimp cocktail, which is good because I paid more than $40 bucks and expect to see those. They served lamb, which is great because not every buffet served it. But the mint was a bit odd. I would hope it was like the jelly, not the green-looking sauce. As for Chinese dish, it looks like the all-you-can-eat Samwoo (place that sells roast ducks, BBQ porks, shumais etc.) with much less choices. I was not very impressed.Their dessert looks gorgeous partly because of the glass plate they use. The Yule log is great, while another weird dessert with an tiny oreo on the top tastes like a weird combination of chocolate syrup and Robitussin. They have gelato but I am not a big fan. Not too much fruit to choose. Overall this buffet is so overpriced especially for its dinner. Not too many food choices here. If you come in with a large group, be prepared because hostesses don't seem to know how to handle large group seatings. If you choose to stay at Aria and wanna have a buffet, do yourself a favor by walking to Bellagio.
2	That was not a great buffet that i expected. They have simple food. So do not spend your money there.
2	Came to Vegas last week and decided to try this buffet out since it's at the new Aria hotel. $29.95 for the brunch buffet!? Given that it was a "Holiday" buffet, I don't think it was worth the price at all. What was so special about the holiday prices? Perhaps it was the king crab legs and oyster bar, but those didn't even taste fresh. I've got a few bones to pick with this buffet:1. I wasn't impressed with the selection of food they had.2. Items weren't filled up when empty and counters weren't wiped down. 3. Instead of placards that indicate what dish it is, they used a sharpie to write on the glass. For what the hotel is, I think the buffet could have lived up to it. Aria is structurally beautiful and I love that its layout is eco-friendly, but the buffet simply sucks.
2	The only things worth eating were:Jumbo shrimp and their bomb ass cocktail sauceAlaskan king crab legsDessertEverything else was extremely salty.Holiday brunch was $30.99 ($35.99 with champagne).  Unless I have comp, I probably won't be coming here again.
5	Lots of seafood! Jumbo shrimp, Alaskan king crab legs, sushi, oysters, smoked salmon all of which tasted fresh and great to me.Saturday morning brunch was about $30.Beautiful contemporary decor.My friend enjoyed the breakfast burrito. There was great variety, and lots of choices. The dessert selection was amazing, tasted great, and were presented beautifully. There was a large selection of pastries, gelato, and cakes.Everything tasted great to me, I was sad that I wasn't able to finish the foods on my plates (they gave me a generous slice of tender prime rib).The staff were courteous and came to check on us frequently, keeping our juice and coffee cups filled.
4	It seems a lot of people were unimpressed with this buffet, so I came with little expectations but came away pleasantly surprised. During my trip to vegas I went to the buffets at M, Aria, and Planet Hollywood and surprisingly this was my favorite. While it isn't perfect, as long as you are selective with what you eat I believe this makes for a pleasant dining experience. I came here for lunch and while $20 isn't cheap, I easily got my money's worth stuffing myself with crab legs, jumbo shrimp, and raw shellfish. The prime rib was the best I had among the 3 buffets, although that wasn't saying much as none were as good as the prime rib at even an average sit down restaurant.  Pizza, which in most buffets doesn't even look like food, actually looked edible here, though I didn't try it. The asian food was entirely forgettable, but again, I don't go to buffets to eat those kinds of things.They also had an excellent selection of desserts which were nicely presented. Most of the desserts were good but avoid the fruity sauce thats on the side of the cakes because they're way too sweet.Perhaps the thing that stood out the most at this place is the service. I was very thirsty that day and was downing my coke every 5-10 mintues, but I never had to go more than a couple minutes without a drink before our waiter came by and refilled my drinks. He also cleared our plates with great efficiency, as every time I got up to get more food the dirty plates were all gone by the time I got back. I also loved that there was no wait as well. Some people would interpret that to mean the buffet is no good, but cmon is any buffet really worth standing an hour in line for? Probably the weakest aspect of this buffet would be the design and decor of the place. The buffet is a bit on the small side, so it was occasionally difficult to navigate past people at different stations. They had a custom salad station where they make your salad to order, and put it and the seafood section at the front, which caused an unnecessary bottleneck. The overall design of the buffet was fairly plain as well, although they do have some window seats.I can understand why people who came here for dinner would be underwhelmed, assuming the food is mostly the same. I too probably would be hesitant to come for dinner, but for lunch this place is worth it.
1	TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT!!! DO NOT GO THERE.  Went there for dinner on my birthday, Dec 2009, thinking that this new Vegas buffet would want to come out strong and compete with the Bellagio and Wynn Buffets.  I was sorely disappointed.  I mean come on! it's Vegas!  Buffets are one of the things that completes the Vegas experience!  All of the food was dry, as if they've been sitting under the heat lamp all day.  Furthermore, the selection was terrible.  I will never go back. We also talked to the manager and politely gave him our opinion about the food.  We asked him if he's tried other buffets such as the Wynn or Bellagio, to which he replied,"I've actually never tried any of those buffets."  I'm very surprised that the manager of this buffet is not going out there and sizing up the competition or even just seeing what a Vegas buffet is like. After a disappointing buffet, we took the tram to the Bellagio the next day to eat at their buffet and all was well again. :)
2	Just missed the line for the Wynn Buffet the night before and went to Aria to check out the new casino. It was time for lunch and we found the buffet and thought it would fulfill our hunger. Unfortunately, the selection of food at the Aria Buffet was very limited. $30 per person for lunch is so not worth it. There was prime rib, king crab legs, turkey, asian entrees, cereal, Mexican entrees, dessert bar, etc. I think what I really enjoyed was the only two types of dim sum they had and the asian stir fry vegetables over rice. Which brings up, while eating away, My boyfriend and I saw their chef mix a batch of eggs (maybe for their scrambled eggs?) and he turned on the sink and mixed quite a good amount of tap water into the mixture of just plain eggs. Are they serious??? So if you don't want watered down eggs, don't try it. I probably ate about $10 worth of food there. Also, on another note. I asked for a Peach bellini and the waitress had no idea what it was. She had to come back two times to ask me what it was and what was in it. It finally came out after I got my food.
2	Talk about foreshadowing: anytime you see a short or empty buffet line in Las Vegas, you should beware. The buffet at Aria was average. It was unimpressive for what i thought would be a buffet equal to that of other 5-star hotels like Bellagio or Wynn. In terms of variety, I felt the aria buffet tried to accomplish that by offering a number of different international cuisines such as indian, chinese, japanese, etc. However, i still felt that WITHIN each cuisine, there just wasn't much. For example, sure they had japanese food, but specifically they only had 3 types of rolls and some nigiri. No other types of sashimi, no unique rolls, no tempura, etc etc. In terms of seafood, they had the usual king crab legs, shrimp scampi, and oysters, but it wasn't any different from what you would find in any other decent buffet. In terms of how they serve you the food, it's a little strange: they have their food on smallerl serving plates. While this may give an impression that the dishes are more fresh and replenished more frequently, this also causes an inconvenience to the customer when dishes are constantly running out and staff members have to refill it. This means customers waste more time waiting for their food than eating it. On a more positive note, the service was excellent. This is strange just because no one really notices the service or remembers their waiter in a buffet, but mine was so good that i certainly did remember. She was always refilling our drinks, asking if we needed anything, and never late in clearing our used plates. Overall, if you had a choice of buffets at Las Vegas, I would still opt for Bellagio or Wynn. The price at Aria is similar to that of other upscale hotel buffets (~40 for dinner) and simply doesnt satisfy in terms of variety or taste.
2	Convient for those staying at the Aria but not really worth it to come from anywhere else just to eat. Breakfast was passable at $14.99 a person. In particular I thought it was interesting that they had 6 different types of sausages and veal bacon for breakfast.  Moreover the seating was very spacious (like the parking spots at the hotel). However everything else was pretty normal with your standard breakfast fare. Services was good and the place was extremely clean feel to it.
2	If you are staying at the hotel or in City Center, then it's a "maybe". We were here for lunch. The shrimp cocktail and king crab legs were alright. The oysters were not fresh. The salads were pretty good. There were some fresh melons, but the fresh fruits were hiding all the way around the corner by the desserts. All the meats were over cooked. The duck was extra salty. The desserts were probably the best. No need to make a special trip.
2	So disappointing. The space feels like a cafeteria, the food is underwhelming. The food looks good, but not the best quality. Very good service however, and I sure hope for everyone's sake employed there the place is reworked.
4	After reading some of the other reviews here, I almost didn't go to this buffet which would have been a mistake.  Some of the points mentioned by the other reviewers while true, don't equate to a 1 or 2 star rating.  Yes, the shrimp was located a long way from the crab legs, the Asian items at this buffet are not the greatest, etc.  buth this place serves quality food.I found the atmosphere to be dependent on where you are sitting.  The middle area is most pleasant with the dimmed lighting.  Sitting on some of the edges may make the place seem more cafeteria like.The Food:  I ate the weeked gourmet buffet (which costs a bit more).  They had rack of lamb, leg of lamb, sucking pig, and many more great tasting  rare items.  Even the taste and quality of the none entree items (rice, potatoes etc.) was high.  The deserts here are exceptional.  They are exquisitely prepared on small desert trays.  I tried 5-6 different items, and they were all excellent.  They also had some gelato although the selection was not as great as at the Rio seafood buffet.  I'm only giving this four stars because I have not tried  the Bellagio.  I'd say the overall quality, value, and taste is  a bit higher than the Mandalay Bay buffet (which is also very good).I returned to the weekend dinner buffet in January 2011.  The prices seem a bit higher, but they now give you half a lobster ($5 extra for a whole lobster) and house wines with your dinner.  The various entrees and side dishes (great garlic naan) are still excellent as was the service.  The desert selections were not as large as when they first opened.
3	I really liked that this buffet had such a wide variety. I think the factor that makes it not as great as the Wynn buffet or the Bellagio buffet is that their food is not 'top of the line.' Meaning... the crab legs are smaller (but tastier, in my opinion), the omelettes are made kind of hastily... BUT. there is so much stuff... they had eggs benedict, eggs florentine, crispy duck, oysters, wonton soup, shu mai, sushi, pineapples, watermelon, fried rice, prime rib, lamb, chorizo burritos, waffles, french toast... there was nothing i felt like they were missing.However, they desperately need to train their waiters/waitresses... We were waiting forever for drinks, we were brought different drinks (after she had placed them on a different table and realized that WE ordered it)... really really horrible. I think that this place is worth it if you don't want to wait hours in line and if you want to shell out a little less cash. not for people who want thick crab legs.
4	I'm not a fan of buffets in general.  I just can't eat my money's worth.   I found the buffet to be pretty good value for the money you spend.  Seems like the strategy is to focus on quality than large selections (plus for me).   I spent my time eating crab legs, oysters, shrimp (ie. the expensive stuff).  Some of my friends got the meat (they said the prime rib was salty but other meats were good) and I tried the cake desserts and I thought they were horrible.    All in all, for the $40 range for dinner, I think it's top 3.
2	Cashiers and hostess were not so friendly.  You know, you get the feeling of,  I hate working here sort of thing.  However, our server was super nice lady. When you walk in, it feesl too Cold.  Entire hotel and food court uses the Energy efficient lighting, that looks like florescent lights, which bring out the cold feeling. And majority of the flooring either a tile or stone finish.  Super modernized, but I think I am used to warmth of carpeted flooring. Generally, food is Super salty.  Prime rib was Salty, Oyster was not so fresh, over all food quality is somewhat equal to Hometown Buffet quality.  I think, they should charge around $15 for it.    I think Mirage buffet down the street  is about 5 times better for the price that is similar to Aria Buffet. Would I go there again... Humm, probably not for the food.
4	Came here around 2-ish in the afternoon and there was still a lot of people eating here. But there was no line.Service- attentive waitressesFood- a lot of breakfast type foods like make your own omelette, 6 types of sausages, eggs, waffles, toasts, benedicts,  etc. There was this beef and cheese with tortillas that was pretty good and there was long crab legs that was yummy too. The sushi roll was was actually pretty good, but the sashimi didn't look fresh. There was also a Asian food section that had broccoli/ cauliflower mix, stir fried assorted veggies, kung pow beef. I really liked their pizza section especially  the cheese pizza, pepperoni pizza, and veggie pizza. I didn't like the ham one because it was dry. They had a lot of nice looking desserts, but only the raspberry cheesecake stood out. The gelatos were kind of watered down.Bill- $51 per person with no champagneThe whole restaurant was rumbling and we thought it was earthquake, but it was just the train that links the hotels together. I wouldn't mind eating here again.
2	Please Tell me, you are not ready  to serve a full buffet yet !Awesome architecture. People expect more than a prime rib and turkey roast.... Please take a walk over to the Wynn, you can use my $34.00 to buy a buffet with several entrees and hundred more combinations.  Desert menu is OK, but it doesn't make up for stale tomatoes in the salads, they had a pickled taste !  Complained to personnel, didn't even care.   If you are not ready, you should have opened in January.
3	Vegas used to be a place to get a good buffet for really cheap...it's hard to find those places now.  We decided to check out the Buffet at Aria.  My mister's iPhone had run out of juice, so I didn't know what rating this place was getting...so I tried it without and bias.  They were serving brunch and the price wasn't too bad, $23, but you can add $5 for bottomless champagne/mimosa...of course I added the bubbly.  The place was spacious and well lit since it had huge windows with views of the pool area.  They had a lot of food choices, but I always judge the buffet based on the seafood selection.  Here's the breakdown:GOOD: -touch screen menus in the front (cool factor)-king crab legs (which you can request them to steam them for you...a must!) -oysters-shrimps (cocktail style and chinese style (fried with skin on)-lamb chops-gelato-macarons-strawberries (sweet just like it was freshly picked from the Oxnard farm)OKAY-prime rib was decent, nothing to die for-champagne was ok, didn't really pair well with the OJ, or maybe the OJ wasn't freshly squeezed. -crepes, eggs benedict, omelette stationUGLY-Although our waitress was nice, she was slow to come around to get our drink order and get check on us.-Sauces were located in wierd spots, gravy was next to the asian food.-limited sushi selectionOverall, the buffet wasn't bad for the price, but I've had better.
1	Vegas Bay-beeee!  Buffets and Smoke filled casinos and the newest is Aria.  So of course we had to at least try it right?  $19.99 for lunch. Ok it's new and bright and all pretty looking, but at 1pm the place was only about 1/2 filled. Strange for the newest buffet on the strip.  Onto the food. Salty. Bland. Salty. Bland. Salty. I couldn't even finish the piece of prime rib cause it was way too salty...plus the whole thing was cooked to what looked like medium-well and by the time they cut the piece off, the little bit of pink disappeared and it was a nice well done. blah.  I had to laugh at the chinese bbq pork...they had a carver cutting little pieces for people. Really? The only thing I enjoyed was the hot & sour soup. Cause it had flavor and wasn't salty.  Saving grace for bad buffets is usually dessert. Not here. Again. No flavor in anything. Oh and most of the desserts are served on these pretty plates that are really bulky so you can carry maybe three of them at the most if you stack them right. It's a buffet for crying out loud, I want to be able to load up a plate will 20 desserts to sample :o)Ok maybe I'm being harsh. I mean I did stay out until 5:30am drinking so maybe my taste buds were dead or something.  Of our group of 7, three thought the food was good. But they were eating things like chow mein and pizza and chicken.  The only thing I enjoyed about this place was the music playing. What's not to love about eating bad food while headbanging to Lady GaGa and Beyonce.
1	I ate breakfast and dinner and it's a huge dissappointment compared to the buffets at Wynne and Mirage which I have used numerous times. Food quality is good but selection very meager and boring. Salad bar has only one tub of lettuce, the other choices are very boring cheapo corn salad, carrot salad, and other filler types. Only 1 pasta, penne with generic red sauce. The standard crab legs are skinny lower grade than Wynn's. This place is totally out of synch with the opulent, spare no expense, state of art design throughout Aria.
3	Don't trust my review because I got a buzz off the bottomless bubbly.  JKWent with a group of 6 on NYE and there was a bit of a wait, no biggie. Also, the price was $36 for NYE with the champagne so it was def on the steep side....darn holiday pricing - Crab legs were awesome because they were cut it half so you didn't have to pry the legs open to get the meat  -The prime rib was way too salty, it was weird.  I would normally go back for another round but it tasted odd-Belgian waffles made me LOVE Belgian waffles-Dessert was amazing - mango panna cotta, carrot cake, strawberry short cake, a gelato stand!!Overall pretty good but not sure I would come back to this buffet
4	My husband and I did the Aria buffet for breakfast. The cost was $14.99 per person. There are cheaper breakfast buffets out there, but I think we got our money's worth. The ham was so moist and tender, and the bacon was crisp. I loved the smoked fish section...three different kinds in addition to anchovies. Delicious! There were about 5 different flavors of cream cheese. Many buffets just serve those little prepackaged Philly cream cheese containers. I had the cream cheese with chives on my bagel with smoked salmon and capers. Wonderful. They had a section of pizza...even a breakfast pizza with breakfast sausage and egg. I didn't eat the pizza, but it looked like it was a popular option with many guests. There was an omelet station and a good selection of fruit. The orange juice did not taste fresh-squeezed, but the coffee was tasty. We also enjoyed the selection of coffee cakes and muffins. Good stuff. We'll definitely go back.
3	Came here on NYE for lunch buffet. It was holiday pricing so my meal with bottomless champagne was $36. I'm not complaining because it's Vegas and it was NYE afterall. However, the food didn't impress me all too much. The king crab legs were my favorite. Very meaty and cut for you so all you have to do is "fork" out the meat and dip it in that butter! Breakfast food and dessert are good too. But the other foods lacked a bit. The Asian section was pretty weak. Just typical fried rice and noodles, some kung pao chicken. Standard pizza. Prime rib was very salty and way too well-done. I understand Aria is still new, but I don't think it made a very good impression on my friends and I. I would only come back if it were around $20, which I doubt.
4	So I went there with a group of friends that had been to  different buffets in Vegas before but since it was my first time there I have no basis for comparison, so have this in mind when reading the review.1) price: 45$ for lunch, would have been 75$ or something if we went half an hour later, it would have been dinner, we went there before but we ate from both tables :)2) the queue: horrible, about one hour and something3) food quality: acceptable, a few of he items like the big lamb that was there and the chef cut you the number you pieces you wanted, that was too raw, not cooked enough for me and I guess many others that were there, but the desserts were YYYAAAMMMMMThe next time I go to Vegas I will go try other ones, probably that will give me better view for aomparison.
3	Hanging out in Vegas with a bunch of college buddies pretty much guarantees multiple buffet trips, and true to form, we decided to check out the breakfast buffet at Aria before heading home.   $14.99 isn't too bad, plus we inadvertently timed it so that they started switching over to lunch about 20 minutes in. Good: - No wait (although this was on a Monday)- Breakfast choices were surprisingly good - large variety of sausages and meats and such.  Bonus points for having chorizo burritos. - Prime rib was perfectly done.- Fresh crab, shrimp, and oysters. - Great tasting (and rich) desserts. Bad: - Service was pretty lousy.  It took forever to get our drinks (coffee and sodas) and even that got messed up.  I think our waiter was more hung over than we were. Overall, a pretty good buffet, and a great deal to boot.  Not sure about coming here on a weekend for dinner, but would definitely stop by for brunch again.
4	A large group of us had brunch here on a sunday afternoon.  The price ($23) wasn't bad for a hotel buffet on the strip, and was a much cheaper option than any of the other restaurants inside Aria.  We had 10 in our group and didn't have to wait very long for a seat, which was a blessing after a long night of clubbing/drinking, etc. The king crab legs were plentiful and meaty and the salad bar had fresh blueberries and blackberries along with all the other veggie goodies.  The belgian waffles were soft and fluffy and the breakfast burrito was surprisingly tasty (i think it was chorizo and egg).  The prime rib was delicious and the garlic naan was good too.  An entire side of asian dishes wasn't what I expected for brunch, but they had a lot of options.  I only tried the chinese broccoli, peking duck and the dim-sum.  I made the mistake of putting plum sauce on my peking duck, and it was horribly salty.  The duck in the steamed bun would have been okay by themselves.  The dim sum wasn't bad.  Good chicken noodle soup too.   Their desserts were so pretty it's almost hard to eat them...almost.  The strawberry shortcake was delicious, as was the caramel flan.  The strawberry bread pudding was decent, and when mixed with the bananas foster, it was really good.  I remember trying about 2 other types of cakes they had out on display...one chocolate opera and what I thought was blueberry cheesecake (instead, I got tricked into getting a lemon-y cake of some sort with blueberry sauce!)  One of my friends asked for tea, and the server brought him a wonderful lavender Earl Grey tea....yet, when another friend in our group asked for tea, he was brought an herbal tea that tasted like bad potpourri and perfume. :(  If you ask for tea, make sure to ask what your options are. Overall, I thought this buffet was pretty good for the price.
4	Really, Yelpers?  Two and a half stars for this place?  I think that's a bit harsh.Despite the horrific reviews for The Buffet at Aria, our group had to test out this new buffet for ourselves.  We walked in with virtually little to no expectations and were pleasantly surprised.Because it was lunch (about $18) on a Monday, the buffet was not crowded, and we were seated prompty.  Everything was spic and span clean, and service was very friendly and welcoming.  The food choices, although not as plentiful as, say, the buffets at Wynn or Bellago, were not bad at all.  And the desserts were especially appealing in presentation and the majority also in taste.Having visited various buffets on the Las Vegas strip, I really think this one is getting a lot more flak than it deserves.  Nice atmosphere, good service and food, reasonably priced.  Solid four stars in my book.
3	This buffet was pretty decent...  That is if you liked the food they had to offer.  Not too much in the fish department, which was a downer for me...  But the spaghetti with the asparagus in the truffle oil was pretty good...  I mixed that with the corn and I was content...  The cold shrimp and crab legs was decent, as it is a usual standard in all buffets...   The sushi on the other hand wasn't doing much for me.  The Salmon and the Tuna Nigiri was not for me...  The fish was actually dried out...  NOT GOOD...  Especially for this sushi girl...  But never got the chance to eat the meat stuff...  It's because the dessert was calling my name...  There were these little shot glasses that got my curiosity going...  One was a berry cheesecake and the other was a coffee shooter...  So, I took a chance on the coffee shooter, and of course HAD TO HAVE my creme bruele...  But it only took one spoonful of the coffee shooter to have my mind set...  And I've got only ONE WORD for it...  AWESOME!!!  It was sooo yummy and it's just a light coffee taste...  So delicious, I HAD TO HAVE 2!!!  Anyway, this buffet is just "A-OK"...  Lucky for us, we had a $50 dollar food & beverage credit for staying here at the Aria, so it really only cost me, about 11 dollars for the buffet...  Works for us...  Maybe give it some time, it's still a new hotel and hopefully they'll jazz it up a bit...  We'll just have to wait and see...
4	Ouch, such bad reviews here. Why????Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. Prices were $20 a person.I was VERY surprised that they had crab legs and jumbo shrimps. They even had Prime rib available. WOW! For $20? Did I get a discount?I had the same exact food at Wynn's dinner and paid $45 a person. Yes, Aria didn't have that much, but that's why they charge people $20.My meal was good, the decor was nice, something different. I like the lighting the most. Service was good and fast. They had Chinese food, Dim Sum, didn't try it, why would I? I can get the real stuff at home. The desserts were good. My favorite was the counter that was ice cold, to keep the desserts chilled.
2	We were extremely disappointed in the quality the food and ambiance.  The entrees appeared to have been sitting out for a long time and the food was not refreshed during our meal.  Overall, the food was tasteless, soggy and crusty from sitting out too long.  The four of us all commented about how disappointing it was that such an impressive new property was unable to deliver a palatable buffet experience in Las Vegas, the buffet capital of the world!  With food, wine and tips we paid nearly $200 for this unpleasant dining experience.  The setting felt cold and sterile.  All tile and hard surfaces.  There was no art on any wall nor were the walls painted with color to bring it to life.
2	The Buffet at Aria was by far the biggest disappointment i have ever experienced at a buffet in Las Vegas. Having already eaten at Excalibur's Round Table Buffet, and even Imperial Palace's Emperor's Buffet, I definitely know what mediocrity is, but it is to be expected at those establishments. Coming to Aria, MGM Mirage's newest flagship resort and casino, one would expect them to try and top their former flagship, the Bellagio buffet, but they have come up well short. The room itself seems to have the charm of a college dining commons. Cooking stations lacked signage that designated what type of food was being served at so and so section, which seems to me to be an inexcusable omission.The food was pretty good, however lacking in quantity and selection. Their salad bar area is shameful for the caliber buffet they clearly are setting out to be. Cravings at the Mirage gets top nods from me for their awesome salad bar! I had a holiday champagne brunch (which ran for $35.00) and the food available was jok, chinese omelets, many different kinds of sausages, and a very limited desert selection! For the price, this place clearly isn't worth it. The service at The Buffet at Aria is what saves them from receiving only one star from me because the staff were very attentive. I have eaten at this establishment 2x now, and will not be coming back. For the money, Wynn is your best bet, followed closely by Bellagio, Cravings at the Mirage, and Spice Market at Planet Hollywood.
3	While checking out Crystals at the new City Center, my BFF and I couldn't decide on what to eat so we decided to buffet it. Before deciding on staying we asked the very friendly cashier if we could "view" the buffet. They kindly obliged. We skimmed our way down the buffet, crab legs, shrimp, prime rib, pizza, chinese food and oooo dessert! They had us with the crab legs and dessert =) They have all the basic offering of most buffets but I felt that they had a pretty nice variety of meats at their carving stations- Prime Rib, Ham, Chicken, Turkey, Lamb and I think Bison? A good variety and it definitely silenced my hunger. A couple of my favorites were the sauteed red snapper, the szechwan beef and dessert bar! Great selection for desserts ranging from fluffy pink marshmallows, chocolate dipped strawberries, brownie pudding, key lime pie, nutella tarts and assorted cookies. Overall a good experience! Our server was friendly, kept our drinks full and didn't leave us with piled plates on our table. The food while not excellent was good and I felt offered a pretty good variety and quality. With SO many great restaurants in Vegas it's hard to say I'll definitely be back, but I'm not against it.
4	My family frequents the buffets in Las Vegas and first came to Aria during Christmas dinner.  At that time, I would rate it 2 stars because it was a transported Mirage buffett with Bellagio prices.  Now coming back for Presidents Day, the Aria buffett is hitting its strides offerring unique dishes and good quality.  Luckily, we arrive at 10:50am and was able to enjoy breakfast and lunch, at breakfast prices.  Compared to when Aria first opened, I had a much improved experience.
1	Does this place deserve a one star? Yes on many levels. Let's start with the price. $32 for dinner on a Monday night. OUCH! I immediately look around to see if it's the decor or view that I am paying for but disappointed to find neither. Keep in mind for this price I expect the quality to be on par with Belagio, Wynn, Rio, and the M. So you think my money MUST go to the food. No such luck as the courses are typical of all the buffets here in Las Vegas, but served colder and under-seasoned.The bottom line is don't waste your money and your calories here.
4	So after seeing the horrible reviews on yelp, we were hesitant about the buffet but since we were staying at the Aria we just decided to try it out. We went for dinner on a Saturday evening and were very pleasantly surprised!  GOOD (my favs): Lobster tails, prime rib, chocolate covered strawberriesBAD: Service- I notice that none of the reviews mention the LOBSTER so i assume that's new, but that made it all worthwhile.  Without it, I'd probably agree that this buffet might not be the best bang for your buck in vegas. They also had crab legs, shrimp, and mussels.- Prime rib was really good. They had flavored skirt steak as well along with several other meats (pork, roast beef... don't remember all)- Took FOREVER for our server to take away the plates.  They just had ONE person waiting on our table so it would take a while for her to get around to all the tables.  They should just have anyone passing by take away the dirty plates but they only had our ONE server do it. That was our only complaint. My husband also thought the lighting was too bright (like a cafeteria) but i didn't mind it.- True that they don't have a bunch of different pastas or "filler" dishes that many other buffets may have but they have the important stuff (meats & seafood) that I look for.Bottom Line: Worth it for the Lobster & Prime rib.
4	I guess 3 and a half stars is about right. I enjoyed the food but it was pricey. I came to Vegas and we were starving and went to the buffet since we were staying at the Aria. Dinner on a Saturday night was $35 per person. Ouch!They did have lobster which I'm told isn't served at most buffets and since lobster goes for about 10 bucks per tail, I could see why people were loading up on lobster getting 3-4 a plate. For a buffet, they do have a decent selection of meats (prime rib, steak, roasted pig, chicken, etcetera. No ham). They had pork chops as well but I can't remember how it was made. They do have a good selection of seafood, pastas, and desserts and the Aria buffet seems to strive for quality over quantity but I think most of buffets have similar items. The items at Aria are slightly better but I never go to buffets for desserts and a creme brulee is a creme brulee no matter where you go. The desserts look pretty and come in their own plates and they do have a decent selection.The oddest thing about the restaurant is that it actually shakes. We all thought it was because we all had a long flight and had been starving all day. But it seems either their sound system isn't setup right or they forgot to install some insulation when they built the place. It actually felt like eating during a mild earthquake (around 3.0 on the Richter scale for us Californians :) ).Service was slow. Our server was nice but we could tell she was really busy despite the fact we arrived really early for dinner (4pm) and the place was not packed. It took awhile before she could back to our table for refills and clear our plates. My opinion on that is that they need to hire more servers because they can't handle the load at the moment. To summarize: I liked the food alot but it's pricier than most buffets and you could get better deals elsewhere.
1	DISAPPOINTED! They invested in everything else, except their buffet. We came here for dinner on a Tuesday nite. We were really hungry and to not find much of a selection (no prime rib), we were upset. - Their roast beef was cooked rare. I mean, it was purple! They will, however slap it on the grill to cook it more...but only if you ask. - All I had was the made-to-order pasta and sushi salmon. Bit into the salmon and it had ice chunks (I HATE THAT!). Tossed the rice because I'm not about to get full off rice.$28 per person. Worth it IF all you'll eat is cocktail shrimp and king crab legs. Otherwise, go to Rio World Buffet for more of a selection and less money! If you don't have a car, you can always catch a complimentary shuttle ride from/to Bally's, Paris or Harrah's!
4	Overall rating: 3.5 starsSince Aria was new and we were staying at this hotel, we opted to try out its buffet.  It turned out that the buffet was average and somewhat disappointing.  Given the buffet price is the same as the buffet at Wynn, Wynn buffet has better food quality.  We may or may not return to the Buffet at Aria for our next visit.Service:  FriendlyThe staff was efficient and friendly.  There was no line on a Saturday night, which was surprising since it was a new buffet - this was a good hint to the value of this buffet (overprice for the food quality).Food:  AverageOne of the food items that other buffets did not have was the whole lobster tail.  The lobster tail was quite big; however, it was also quite chewy.  All the beef items, kobe beef steak, prime ribs, baby back ribs were all too dry and well done.  The Indian fare (tandoori beef, garlic naan) was quite good.  The dessert was great.  We loved the pistachio biscotti.
5	their strawberry shortcake is really good.but everything else is what you expect from a buffet.
4	GO FOR THE BREAKFAST!!!! You can't go wrong with the $15.00 breakfast price. The boyfriend and I ate here Tuesday morning around 10:00am and there was NO wait to get in. Who wants to wait in a line for 30-60 minutes...just for a meal...not me...I'm on vacation and I want to enjoy it...not spend it waiting in line. As a matter of fact in our four day trip we NEVER saw a line to get into this buffet, morning noon or night! So if you are in a rush you could come here and fill up and be on your way. The breakfast was really good...and had all your normal breakfast goodies. The only thing that was missing was that they didn't have any hash browns. I was disappointed about that but oh well. They had deserts out already and they were really good. If you are looking for fine dining then go to the expensive restaurants that charge $150 per meal (and in this hotel there are plenty of those) but if you want an average meal at an average price I think you'll be happy with what this buffet has to offer.
1	The price is WAY NOT worth it for the type of food we ate. Mind you, this is the second time I ate at Aria and the experience was so dramatically different. My first experience was great and I would have recommended Aria to friends/family despite their lack of variety. However, during my second visit we did NOT experience items that were served during my first dining experience:-soft-shelled crab (although a bit salty)-raw oysters-lobster tails (big ones)There were at least 4 other people who I heard asking "Where are the lobsters?" including myself. The answer: "I THINK it is served on Saturday." I mean WTF kind of an answer is that. I don't remember the price we paid but it was probably AT MOST a $4 difference. We paid $36 on Friday.Summary: To all of you hoping to have lobster tails, go on Saturday. And expect disappointment on any other days.....
4	pretty reasonable price many selections lots of  variety such as desserts - there is bkfst lunch & dinner options any drinks u want exceot champange & bloody marys which is @ an additional price but overall food is good some saltier than others but good
4	I am really surprised by the reviews.  We were there for lunch.  For a buffet, I thought the quality was great and there was a ton of variety.  Lunch was still a pretty good deal.  Guess I need to go try the Wynn's next visit and compare.
4	I enjoyed the buffet at Aria.  Their selection is smaller than say Wynn and Bellagio, but I thought what they had was delicious.  It was way easier to decide on what to eat since there was less to chose from!  We got seated by the window overlooking the pool so the view was great!  I like the open and bright design of the buffet!!  The only thing bad thing is that we had to walk pretty far to get our food.  When you are carrying a full plate and a bowl of soup, its not so fun to walk back!!  I was walking kinda slow and kept looking down at my plate, hoping that the soup wasn't going to spill over.  I felt like i was a contestant on a game show...you know.. bring as much food back as fast as you can without dropping anything... lol  They have naan, which i didn't get to try because its only served for dinner.  Hopefully next time.   Their lunch is a great value at only $24 on Saturday.  If you go elsewhere, you are looking to spend around the same price if not more on quality food.  Why not eat at Aria for all you can eat!? PS. Their mango gelato is amazing!!
2	Being, that I go to Vegas 3-5 times a year, for the last 18 years, I think I've tried just about every Vegas buffet out there.  This being said, I had huge expectations from the Buffet at Aria.As I walked in, the buffet area looked pretty nice, but what really impressed me was the presentation of all the food items.  I mean, beautiful.  Unfortunately, it didn't taste the way it looked.  The food just didn't taste great.  The shrimp on ice, tasted a little funky, not sure if it was off, or just ...I don't know, but not good.  Omelet, was just ok, but they didn't have a huge selection of fillings for the omelet like at the other higher end hotels.  Very little fresh fruit.  Chinese food portion was totally lame, over cooked, soggy.Wait staff, was slow as well.Oh, one thing that was very good, was the dessert section.  It looked great, and tasted great as well.  Another thing that was amazing was their sugar free chocolate cookie, amazing.  Overall, if I were to spend $24 on a breakfast buffet, I'd go over to Bellagio or Paris.
3	Not the value for the price, it was just okay. Not expected from such a nice hotel. There wasn't alot people there, didn't even have to wait in line which was good. The prime rib had a littel too much salt that mde it hard to eat. The crab legs and shirmp cocktail wasn't anything special but nice to have for lunch. The dessert station had a lot of treats but only 2 or 3 items got raving reviews. Everything just seems either bland or overly done.
4	This buffet should deserve more than 2 stars from my experience. First of all I had the brunch menu today which was 23.95. The service was great and our server was friendly. Presentation of the food was really good, the food quality did worth the price.I do like the buffets at Wynn & Bellagio too, but comparing the price, I will definitely go back!
5	2.5 stars?  NO WAY!!!Last week, on a random trip to Vegas, the BF and I stopped by Aria to check it out.  After scoping out the interior and playing at the tables/slots for a bit (they have the COOLEST slot machines!), we decided that we should probably eat.Neither of us were very hungry, so we didn't want to check out a steakhouse or anything... In fact, we didn't even want to check out a buffet.So why we ended up at The Buffet, I've no idea.  What matters is, we did.At 9:30pm on a Monday night, the place was pretty dead.  Apparently, last seating is at 10pm, so we weren't surprised by the near-empty restaurant.  But whatever.  We weren't in the mood for anything special anyway.The cashier at the front was lame.  She wasn't rude, but she was totally disinterested.  Then again, 30 minutes before closing on a Monday night, her blah attitude was understandable.But the hostess and the servers?  Super nice and friendly!  All throughout the meal, they were very attentive, refilling our every glass, even going so far as to bring me a box of tissues (I couldn't stop sneezing for some reason).The servers behind the buffet were just as friendly, taking care to explain all the various dishes they had out and making their recommendations.  Again, 30 minutes before closing on a Monday night, we didn't expect excellent food choices.To be fair, the food choices were mediocre.  There was an Asian section (most of it was just whatevers), an Indian section (I didn't try it, but the BF thought it was pretty stellar), an Italian section (I didn't bother), a full-service pasta station, a seafood station (I didn't go near here, but I assume they had crab, bc I saw people eating crab legs), a meat carving station, a kebab station, yadda yadda.Admittedly, the "choices" were plentiful.  However, not everything was available.  For example, they were out of kebabs for the night.  Completely understandable.I got myself a giant hunk of prime rib.  I debated on the turkey and the lamb, but thought better of it and stuff to my beef.  They had everything to go with it (mint jelly, horseradish, blah blah blah), and all the yummy sides.The salad bar was pretty decent, too.Here's the thing.  It's a typical buffet.  BUT!!!  The QUALITY is amazing!  Everything was SO FRESH!!!Again, I have to note that it was 30 minutes before closing on a Monday night.  How fresh could the food be?  I was sure it had been lying around all night, and the "cooks" probably didn't even bother to put their hearts and souls into the food.However, everything was crisp, cold, hot, fresh, etc.I don't normally like buffets because the food tastes old, but The Buffet had food that practically tasted made-to-order!As if that wasn't satisfying enough...THE DESSERT.I only recently became a fan of desserts.  Even with my newfound appreciation for the sweet concoctions, however, I can't exactly say that I love to gorge on desserts after every meal.  I'm more of a "few bites" type of gal.Well... The Buffet's dessert selection was SO AMAZING.  Everything was plated so beautifully on modern frosted glass plates, each bit of dessert complimented by some sort of accent "side."After a second of browsing, the BF and I decided... We had to try EVERYTHING.Yep.Key lime pie with a homemade marshmallow stick - I don't even LIKE key lime pie, but this was great!  Not too tart, not too sweet... and the marshmallow stick was AWESOME!Strawberry Shortcake - Hands down MY FAVORITE.  The marscapone cream was so light and perfect, and the cake itself was FANTASMO!Nutella Cake - I expected this one to be weird, but it was a great mix of hazelnut chocolate and coffee.  Holy cow.  I think this one had some sort of orange marmalade looking thing on the side.Bananas Foster - This was the only thing I was MEH about.  I thought it was good, but much too sweet.Creme Brulee - I've NEVER had a creme brulee at a buffet and thought it tasty.  This was PERFECT!  The consistency wasn't all super-curdled.  It was light and not too yolk-y.  I don't remember what this was paired with.Cream Puffs - Cream puffs at buffets are usually gross.  THESE WERE NOT.  Little puffs of HEAVEN, dude!There were a bunch of other desserts, like rice crispies (totally good!), cookies (a great variety), bread pudding (steaming!), and whatnot.  Each plated dessert came with some sort of pairing.  I can't remember which dessert it was, but there was one with some pineapple marmalade sort of thing, and that was GOOOOOOOOOOOOD.They also have a gelato bar.Anyway.  Seriously.  Five stars just for the dessert alone.  FAN TAS TIC!I swear, I'm going back again and again and again and again.
2	Went on a Thursday night for Dinner.  Paid $29 per person.  The first thing I tried really put a damper on the evening.  I got the sushi and the rice was hard.  They don't make the sushi fresh. They make it in the morning and put it in the fridge which drys out the fish and makes the rice cold and hard.  I complained that it was unacceptable in any sushi restaurant to have hard rice that was refridgerated.  The "chef" (non-Asian) comes out and I tell him the rice is too hard.  He comes back and says this plate is better. It was the same. I can see from where I was sitting they were pulling cookie sheets of sushi wrapped with plastic out of a cooling box.  The other bad story is the fish station. Swordfish and whatnot were all overcooked and dry.  The crab legs were a bit watery, but some of the legs tasted okay.  The 10-12 shrimp was good, but any line cook can make good steamed shrimp.  The desserts were the best thing we saw in the buffet.  Not a very good buffef for $30.  Bettery off trying the Bellagio buffet before wasting time at Aria.  I noticed the MGM owns Aria.  I also had bad dining experiences at the MGM.  Seems like the owner of the MGM isn't interested in serving good food.
4	People lets just calm down and give this place a chance to work out all the kinks. I was a little scared as I sat in line waiting to get in I read a few reviews and they were far from good.I personally really enjoyed my experience here. The food was fresh and hot. They dont put out large portions. So its being constantly changed. Although I only had 3 crab legs the chef didn't give me the eye when I asked could he steam them please LOLIt wasnt a lot of variety, but enough of everything. Ur not over or underwhelmed by the selections. My friend thought the dessert plates were the coolest thing ever. And the desserts themselves were really good. And u can tell they put a lot of tlc into these mini desserts they were all good. They weren't that good about refilling drinks or removing used plates, but everything I ate was good. So I wont really complain.
3	The Buffet at Aria lacks variety. It has the typical "international" fair: Chinese, Mexican, American grill, seafood, Italian, Sushi, etc... one nice addition is the Indian cuisine. This may sound like a lot of dishes but really there's only two or three dishes per style. They do prepare the dishes well but there's just not enough choices. Their desserts however offers more choices than the cooked foods combined.
2	We decided to check out City Center, now that grand opening is over and the crowds would have thinned out by now. Overall the City Center is kind of futuristic and had a industrial/modern theme to it. I felt like I was in some futuristic movie like "Logan's run". ha ha.We had dinner at the Buffet on a Sunday night. No line to get in, so we were seated right away. Below average busy and it felt touristy. Food was good and bad, some stuff was good, some stuff was bad. If you got the right combination of choices, you may be pleased, but you needed to try a little of everything to find out what you like, then by that time your stomach is saying, "What the hec is going on?"Crab was good, Sushi was dry and tasteless (for tourists) and don't touch the Raw, dry salmon, get the root word here, SALMON-ella. Salad bar, boring, Meats? undercooked, Indian, OK, Pizza? The same junk like other buffets, how could this be at a nice fancy place? The pasta, chesses, grilled veggies, again boring and some where dry. Chinese food? a few acceptable items, but mostly bland and nothing special. Bread, cheese, this that...nothing great. Desserts looked impressive, but none being noteworthy. Please get rid of that fancy curved plate! It's not functional in a buffet setting and some of the corners were chipped. There are other reviews here beaming about the dessert, but surely we didn't see what was so special about it.Service was barely acceptable. A dessert fork would have been nice since you only get a single fork the entire meal. I used my teaspoon. We noticed some people got up to get some dessert and when they returned to their seat the table was cleared and new customers sitting it their place. So the seating system needs some practice. I had to ask for a drink refill and the bussing of the tables were good and bad. Also when a patron is eating crab legs, maybe offer a extra plate for the shells? I don't know, but we probably won't return....no we are locals and know better, we won't return, unless by some unseen set of events. City Center Buffet at Aria, good for tourists I guess.
5	I rarely eat dessert but ate at the Aria buffet last night and was very impressed. They had something called an espresso shooter which was a combination of coffee mouse, gooey caramel and a little chocolate cookie. Was absolutely delicious. The other desserts looked great as well. The food itself was quite good and I found all of the servers at each station to be very friendly. The lamb and the turkey were delicious and very fresh. The salads just ok. the crab legs were excellent and I was surprisingly pleased with the pesto shrimp pizza. $30 per person and i believe it was worth every dollar.
4	We stayed at Aria this past February.  During our stay we ate at The Buffet 2x.  Once for breakfast & once for lunch.  I must say for a buffet I was very impressed.  I loved the different foods and the service was excellent.  It doesn't get much better than this for a buffet.  I recommend eating here, especially if your staying at Aria.
3	NIce modern contemporary design.High ceilings and spacious dining area are the plus of this swanky joint. Service- Very poor. I give it 2 stars. Very slow to clear plates, refill drinks and has to be flagged down to give you some attention. BAD experience.Food 3 stars. Friday & saturday dinner is $35.95 + tax includes half a lobster served on your table and unlimted refills of white or red wine.Buffet spreads inlcudes: chinese, indian,crab legs, mexican,italian,japanese,carving station,salad, desert bar.Taste is hit and miss some dishes are good and some are not.The whole experience would have been better if service was better.
3	We came with a big group of friends on a Saturday night in March and there was no line, which was a huge plus.  I thought the food was good and the selection was decent, but I was hoping for a bit more.  The crabs legs were pretty good, the salad bar was good and the carving stations were good (I had the prime rib and the pork loin).  I got some made to order pasta and it was not edible unfortunately.... they used way too much oil, the noodles were overcooked and the garlic was not cooked enough.  I do have to agree with the others though, the desserts were great.  They have gelato, which I thought was a nice touch.  The last and final comment was that many of the people in my group had stomach issues later that night... we're all not sure what it was that did it... but I definitely ate something that was either bad or maybe not clean??  Either way because of that, I probably wouldn't ever go back given all of the other available buffets on the strip.
2	the food was just mediocregelato ice cream was goodi would not recommend this place for buffet
2	Totally not worth it for $30.  This is probably the saddest buffet i've been to in Vegas and it's such a shame because the resort looks so nice! Came on a Sunday night. No line.  Restaurant was not full.  Hostess sat us as far away from the buffet as possible! Geez! we had to walk what felt like a block or two before reaching the food.You know you're in for a disappointment when you ask what the buffet is known for and the hostess says "well we have crab legs".  Errr...ok i hardly think that is something worth highlighting.  The crab legs were just ok.  A little too squishy and hard to get out of the shell.  The selection of the food was minimal.  Several cuts of meat, some mediteranean, create your own pasta, salads...really nothing spectacular.  The only dish my husband kept going back for was the spicy potatoes.Overrall was a waste of money and my friends and I left stuffed but not satisfied.  We just ate to get our money's worth.  Boo.
1	REALLY BAD!!! Service was bad and the food was bad. Servers there have no facial expression, slow on collecting finished plates. Food was just bad, their king crab legs were small like baby crab legs and very salty. Prime rib tasted like beef brisket. They did offer a glass of wine for everybody and 1 lobster per 2 persons for free, but the lobster meat was so nasty, it separated itself when we tried to stick the fork in. Only has a few types of sushi, salmon & shrimp sushi, some rolls, no sashimi, the rice was soooo hard. Dessert didn't have much choices too, worst creme brulee I've never had. Overall, the buffet doesn't worth $36 and will never go back again. So disappointed on such a high end hotel would have such a bad buffet.
2	When I go to a buffet, I'm there for the food and not the decor and this buffet lacks the food. The food was so mediocre. There was nothing special. There weren't a lot of sushi like other buffets and the buffet was small in comparison to the other, but costs almost the same price. I rather go to the Bellagio and get a much better buffet with more varieties of food.
3	Definitely not worth the price, for me. We paid $35.95 + tax which included half a lobster and unlimited house wine. Normally I would jump up and down for unlimited wine but on top of an all you can eat buffet, there's just no room. I am a really picky eater so there weren't to many items that were appealing to me. The items on the salad bar seemed a little limp and they had a really odd combination of food. For those of you who like seafood there are many options like crab legs and shrimp. The most exciting thing about the meal was dessert, everything I tasted was incredible. Overall, if you're ok with spending $30-$40 per person there are some much better options.
3	We went for lunch on a Friday. There was crab, lamb, prime rib, etc. It was your typical buffet in Vegas. For 20 bucks for lunch , I thought it was decent. The crab was good as well as the salmon sashimi. Since I have now have a sweet tooth, the dessert bar is what I look forward to. The chocolate chip cookies were delicious, but the creme brulee was a bit of a disappointment.....a little overcooked. Overall, I will go back if I have visitors in town who want to venture out to see City Center.
4	2 visits on same trip.  The Buffett at the Bellagio is the accepted head of class.  The Aria Hotel in City Centre is very un Vegas. Think clean, cool lines and textures. The Buffet carries the theme. Due new on the strip no huge, stomach rumbling lines at dinner. Nope walk right in on weekday visit and weekend visit. If you are a supersize me kinda of diner well this will not be the place for you.  Here the buffett doesnot carry the huge selection of the Bellagio, not even close. But what it has here is well done and for the most part tasty. There is an Indian station that one night had tikka massala chicken and another fish jalfrazie and would you beleive a naan oven right in front. Roast Beef, Lamb, Turkey, Pork. A smattering of pastas. A fish or two.Weekend as with hotel rooms and buffets means higher prices. Aria does it different in that they offer each person paying the Friday and Saturday ransom gets table service of a lobster tail plus a glass or your choice red or white.   The tail is not your New England crustacean but more like Naw 'leans crayfish.   Aria gets good marks for trying.The deserts, though small in  variety compared to the massive sweets of say, the Bellagio's, is actually better tasting and visually more appealing.Super sized? Nope. Fine dining? Nope. But less feeding frenzy and a good attempt at raising the buffet bar.
3	Short:Slow... slow... slow.... S...L...O...W.... Oh, and did I mention slow?  Full:We decided to try this buffet since so many people hyped it up to be something it really wasn't. But we stayed at Aria so we though might as well right? We came on a Saturday night and got the two maine lobsters (which weren't great and big at all, more like prawns) and unlimited wine. We paid around $37 per person and I don't feel like it was anything special. The waitress was nice, but very slow even though the place wasn't even packed. It was amazing how slow they were and it was pretty stupid since another waitress passing by could not serve us, she had to hunt down our waitress to refer our request to her. Even for just a simple refill. Talk about inefficient and slow! The food wasn't really unique or tasty, nothing really stood out. I would go to the Belagio buffet for better stuff and seafood. There were however a good selection of meats (prime rib, ny steak, lamb, etc). The thing that turned me off was the food manager who was throwing an absolute piss fit. Yea, sure the table was messy, but he was yelling at the chef right in front of the customers in line. Talk about total humiliation and making yourself look like a jerk. When you're pissed it shows and people tend to avoid pissed off people or think differently about them. End: Overall, I wasn't impress and I didn't get sick. I just felt like I didn't really get my money's worth. No more next time.
4	i swore i was gonna go off  vegas buffets.  for $30 (or i guess double that), i can get better quality food. (there's many michelin star restaurants in vegas!) but then i hadn't tried the buffet at aria yet.i've tried nearly all the buffets in vegas (that are worth trying): wynn, bellagio, carnival, mandalay bay, paris, orleans, mgm, monte carlo. and this was definitely one of the top. i personally liked wynn and mandalay bay the most, but it was a while ago so i don't know how they compare exactly with this one. but so far, i am pretty impressed with the buffet at aria.upon entering, i noticed the hefty tag of  $35 on fri/sat for dinner. ouch! but i've never been so i'll check it out. thinking i won't come back again.Yes the buffet is pricey. service is a little slow, they're short on servers, but she was friendly.But for an extra $5 you get half a lobster. Also it's unlimited wine!And for the extra $5 you get lamb, ny steak AND prime rib. as well as turkey and pork.crab legs and HUGE and pretty fresh cocktail shrimps!they even had salmon nigiri sushi! it didn't look appetizing, but at least it wasn't just california rolls!honestly, those are the things you pay for a buffet anyways. everything else is filler food. and i actually got SO FULL from all that, i could barely have any filler food.THEY ALSO HAD MACAROONS!!! it was strawberry flavoured. a little sweet, but not bad nonetheless. unfortunately they don't have a crepe maker like wynn does. i didn't really get to try the dessert either becasue i was so full o_OI tried:Half lobster - only one per person. it was alright. a little small, but it's worth $5. a little too creamy for my liking, but hey, it's a lobster!Crab leg - salted, not bad, not stale or anything, didn't make me feel sick. so i think it's relatively freshShrimp cocktail - my goodness, these are huge and pretty fresh! the best shrimp cocktail i've had from any buffet!Prime rib - a little fatty, I got the middle part and it was cooked mediumny steak - i got a pretty thick piece. it was pretty goodlamb - a little dry i think, but it was alright. wish it was a little rarer.they even had kebabs, which was a little dry. i also tried the salmon salad which was pretty good too.after all that i was SO STUFFED that i couldn't try anything else. but i think i ate my money's worth. and that's the most important thing to me in a buffet.so yes, it may be a little steeper, but at least you get your money's worth unlike most buffets where you pay $30 and the only thing worth eating is the shrimp, prime rib and crab legs.everything looked nicely put together and appetizing, which i realized is pretty important to me after experiencing the wynn buffet. paris, for example, was way too messy, and the food just didn't seem that great.I'm sad i didn't get to try much of the dessert, so i can't really comment on that. they also had a made to order pasta, and some of their soup didn't look half bad either.tip: $35 for fri/sat nights. $22/24? for lunch. so decide what you want to pay for.favourites: GOOD variety! lamb, prime rib AND ny steak! fresh shrimp cocktail and crab legs PLUS half a lobster! hell yea!!! and unlimited wine ;)do not want: yes a little steep. you have no option but go for the $35. service is slowlast words: it's definitely one of the top vegas buffets i think. fresh, good variety (not lacking, and worthy of the steep cost) i'll definitely come back again! probably only one time though! then i am officially quitting vegas buffets =p
5	We went there for brunch this past Saturday, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food.  There was a good selection of food, pastries, fruits, etc.  The pastry selection was to die for.  We had a chocolate croissant, almond croissant, pistachio coffee cake and cookies.  They were all wonderful.  The tables are nicely spaced out and there are plenty of booth seatings for larger parties.Brunch was $23.95/person (I believe) and breakfast is $13.95/person.  Not too bad.Our server was a little slow, but not too bad. We will definitely be back when we want another buffet.
3	Came here for lunch and it was good enough.  King crab legs were already cut in half so that was nice and convinient.  One guy in our party was pretty messed up and they didn't deny him entry which was nice.  They even got him something to drink while we were waiting in line.  Thanks.
4	weekend brunch review:$32 (actually, not quite sure of the exact price, i didnt pay for it) for bloody mary or champagne brunch, without the alcohol its $5 cheaper.pros:- price: not cheap for sure, but i think its worth the price- bloody mary: PERFECT bloody mary, spicy, peppery, perfect zingy kick, but not too overpowering- food QUALITY: everything i ate was as good as it could be. nothing was over or undercooked, nothing was soggy when it should be crispy, nothing was overly salty or bland. there was really no food i could complain about- food selection: fairly diverse without being overwhelming... you know what im talking about - you go to rio buffet and theres just no way you can try everything you want without wanting to puke after eating. - meat selection: im a carnivore, so no meat, no care, but aria buffet had a great selection: bacon, turkey, lamb, ham, and prime rib. the prime rib was amazingly tender- decor: everything was clean and modern. they had outdoor seating that overlooked the resort pool area... it was beautiful to look at until a really hairy man came and took a dip into the small pool by our window... cons:- not quite sure why i couldnt get BOTH a bloody mary and champage... i guess its really not good to mix, but i like having options without limits- layout of the food... im kind of an anal retentive type of person; i like things organized logically. so, when im looking for breakfast foods, i think its only logical to keep all the breakfast foods together. maybe its a ploy to get the diner to walk around and eat a variety of food, but im just a super efficient (or super lazy) eater. sometimes i thought they were on it - some food were grouped together logically, but id wander over elsewhere and find scrambled eggs next to the chinese food. ... huh? - modern decor is clean and wonderful but WOBBLY tables?? come on, you guys JUST opened! how is it you already have wobbly tables?!- service: for a buffet it was standard, but.... i expect MORE. i dont care if its only a buffet, the server should still be keeping an eye on your drinks and making sure youre happy. i shouldnt have to constantly wave my server down just to get another bloody marywould i come again? YES... i personally think its on par to wynn/bellagio buffet
2	A bunch of us were staying at the Aria so we figured why not give the buffet a try.  It was a monday night and the place was about 70% empty.  It's actually really refreshing to not having to wait in line for buffet.  I even had to wait in line for Orleans!  Anyway, -1 star because there were no discounts for children.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!  How is it fair that both my 4 and 6 year olds have to pay full price!  Well, we're already there and were too lazy to go anywhere else.   The waitress came over and took our drink orders (20 people).  I asked about their special guava or passion fruit drink that my friend raved about when they first opened.  She said they stopped serving that because some people were allergic to it. ALLERGIC to guava? I didn't believe that BS. -1 star.  Now to the food.  Presentation were nice.  Cooked food look decent.  My favorite was the sauteed scallops and chinese broccoli.  Crabs legs were a disappointment. -1  They were not fresh and can't compare to M Resort or Wynn.  Sushi section looked very scary.-1  They should be ashamed of themselves for calling that sushi.Dessert section was really good.  Tried about 6 different ones and they were all excellent +1.    Looked over at my kids' plates and I saw the most expensive french fries and chicken nuggets I've ever paid for.  -1 star.Will not try this buffet again unless it's comped.
5	They have giant crab legs and they steam them for you on request, the lavender prime and sushi are my favorite. They have fresh tandoori bread right out of the oven and a pasta station. We usually go to Wynn buffet but decided to give this place a try. Make sure you try the coffee for you java fans, so good! Dessert bar was great creme brulee, ice cream bar, lots to choose from.
1	hell no i would not recommend this to anyone... i was there sat. morning & sunday afternoon again though of lunch/dinner will be better than breakfast... well it turs out I was wrong pretty much its all the same sh*t .. (excuse my language) sat. morning its $23.95 per person & my brother was also charged as an adult. kids & adult same price... the food weren't that much selection... the texture of the food weren't that great.. desert is way too dry & not really appealing... the only thing i like the most was their fresh fruit.. which is only melon, watermelon, pineapple, & strawberry. sun. afternoon... cost $30.95 per person pretty much the same... except no more fruit, only fruit salad -_-..... the place is beautiful but the serivce is horrible ... the place is not well managed... NEVER AGAIN! ... i was full but i didn't know what i ate nothing I can say "that was so good" .. sorry stomach i'll treat u better next time ..
3	I went here for the dinner buffet which was $30 a person. The design and atmosphere is nice and they offer a variety of foods. Seafood, Mexican, Chinese, pizza etc. I felt that the king crab legs and prime rib were the best choices. They served other meats like rack of lamb, but they were not worth taking up space in my stomach. The dessert bar was good with several types of pastries and ice cream. The creme brulee was better than average for buffets. A friend told me the selection at brunch is good. I would eat here again, but only if I had free dining credit at the Aria.
4	hell yeah I would recommend this place. great service, good food, and fantastic desserts!the service here is pretty fast. I was half way done with my orange juice and the next thing i noticed was a new glass next to my plate.I would probably rate the food to be 3 stars. It was pretty decent food, but i was expecting there to be more variety and selections due to the cost. 23 bucks for lunch!I'm a huge dessert fan and I'm pretty picky with the desserts I eat. I would have to say, hands down, this buffet's desserts are pretty dam awesome. I was told the chef is pretty well known, and now I can see why. 5 stars for the desserts.If you love desserts, fast service, and good food, this place is a must. PS. The lighting in this place is pretty nice as well, the environment is fresh and comforting, and there's windows everywhere; if you're a windows person =)
1	Went on a Saturday night when they have unlimited wine and lobster.....Shit, should've pay attention that the word "unlimited" is only in front of  "wine" not "Lobster".  So, they give you 1 maine lobster per 2 people and unlimited house wine.  But the lobster was so over cooked and tasteless that I didn't even finish it.  But their crabs and shrimp was pretty fresh and there are some other things that tastes pretty good.I will definitely not go back there again.  I probably won't even bother to ask the manager to comp me the buffet.  Yeah, totally not worth it.......
4	Given, most of the buffets in Las Vegas are pretty decent, but all four of us really enjoyed this one.  We went right before 4pm so we only had to pay the lunch time rate ($20) and got to eat from both the lunch and dinner menus!The have unlimited king crab legs, and basically anything else you can imagine.  And the desserts were AMAZING!  Service was very friendly also, although they could have taken away old plates a little bit faster.Would definitely go here again though!
2	all i have to say about the buffet here is BLECH...it's not SO bad that it gets only 1 star, but it's far inferior to buffets i've tried elsewhere in vegas (i.e. bellagio)...especially for the price...for roughly $35/person, it's money better spent elsewhere...and actually, now that i think about it, yuck, i would not eat here againlike most vegas buffets, they had an assortment of cuisines, but nothing really stood out...they had king crab legs, prime rib, steak, turkey and sushi stations...sure it SOUNDS good, but don't let your eyes and ears trick you...everything tasted a little off, i feel like nothing was fresh! and i would DEFINITELY avoid the sushi and i'm pretty sure the shrimp was the thaw and serve kind...also, each person get's HALF a lobster with their meal...but again, didn't taste that fresh and they don't clean them very well so it wasn't a very appetizing presentation...and when i mean not clean them very well, lobster poo was still all up in there...i know for some folks out there, they just eat that sh*t up, but for me, no thanks because seriously, do you serve kobe beef with a side of poo, no!so overall review, either their food had been sitting out for awhile, or it was thaw and serve...blech blech blech...i mean, for it to be in the ARIA hotel and have TROPICANA quality buffet, i would totally skipdesserts were AWFUL...the selection was limited and again, nothing tasted quite right...i would go with the creme brulee, i mean seriously, you have to be tastebudless to get that classic dessert wrongnot to sound like a lush, but the only saving grace is the fact they had unlimited wine included in the $35...i'm sure it's boxed wine, but compared to the tasteless slop they were serving, the wine tasted like rainbowsoh, FYI, after dinner (and for the rest of the night) i had the worst heartburn/stomach ache...i'm convinced it was the lobster!
3	If you are looking to eat alot, drink all the non alcoholic beverages you want, and check out the hotties you might've danced with last night, this is the place to be. There was a lot to choose from-crab legs, shrimp cocktail, salad, prime rib, bacon, dessert, chinese food, etc. Service was great...our waiter was very attentive and made sure to keep our glasses full. Be sure to go around 2-3pm so you can get a taste of breakfast and lunch. Would I go again? Most likely....not the best meal I ever had in Vegas but definitely for the selection.
5	This is up there with Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Rio.Its brand new obviously and its got plenty of fresh food and selections. They have unlimited wines and lobster for dinner. During the day they have unlimited champagne or bloody marys. The food is really fresh and they have it all from seafood(shrimp, crab legs, sushi, etc). I had the lamb and some spinach salad thing that was bomb. They had some good gourmet pizza too and I dont usually like that style since I am from CHICAGO orginally.They also had some really good yogurt that really hit the spot.The pricing was pretty decent actually not as much as Bellagio or Rio and if you sign up for the ARIA welcome package you get $75 food and beverage credit anyways so it was all free for us.Definitely going back!
2	It was right before my cousin's company and i had to get down to business. We might as well give ourselves the whole Aria experience since we were already staying there for the weekend, had a nice 3am meal at their Cafe Vettro upon arriving and had some of the best desserts at Jean Philippe... might as well start off another great day devouring Aria's buffet. =) For the price they charge, and for the experience that people expect from City Center, I expect better. A lot better. The buffet line started off with jumbo shrimp cocktails and king crab legs, what a great first impression. Definitely got me all excited to see what else was waiting for me to devour. However, it was just a continuous let down. The selections they had were mediocre. Only thing that kept my stomach from complaining was their shrimp cocktails. Everything else was just deceiving. Great looking but the taste just wasn't there. I have this second stomach for dessert and the presentation of the desserts was quite impressive! So I skipped right to it. I just felt horrible after getting it. I ended up wasting food because more than half of the desserts I got did not even taste good. I just sat there poking them with my sad panda face.Disappointed.
2	The buffet here is nothing to talk about. There's not a lot of good food and it's expensive. Just because it's in a new hotel doesn't mean the price should be above most places. Definitely experienced better buffets at other hotels.
4	Hmm, 3 stars? I'm kind of surprised because I thought this was one of the better buffets I've had.I was surprised that they had crag legs.  I went straight for those AND the breakfast bar was amazing.  Delicious poached eggs with the creamiest hollandaise sauce, make your own omelet station, these amazing burritos in green tortillas (I forget what it was made out of but it was SOOO good), and much more.  The prime rib was so tender, the asian griller station was okay...why is it so easy to mess up asian food?  So bland there.  I can't remember what it was, but their mashed potatoes and gravy were SO GOOD.  Who would've thought.But I couldn't wait to get through being a good girl and eating all my food so I can hit the dessert bar.It is truly on another level.  It would have to be the main reason I spent $25+ dollars on a freaking buffet.  The presentation is nice.  They have small flan cakes and cheesecakes on their own glass dishes, and oreo, mango and various other flavor schooners.  The lava cake is BOMB.COM, throw some raspberry gelato on top and you will surely visit heaven during you inevitable food coma.  I seriously visited the bar three times and we were sitting on the opposite end of the room. No shame.I would highly recommend it, but then again I have a sweet tooth, so I'm willing to suck it up and pay $25 to satisfy my sweet tooth.
5	Starting with the hotel decor, this place is amazing. You get two choices a) Buffet with coffee, tea, soda or juice, or b) Buffet with champagne or bloody marys. Obviously choice b is a bit more money but worth it. There's food for everyone... salad, sushi, crab legs, pizza, breakfast, meats, Chinese... you name it, they have it. On top of that, they change what they offer depending on time. The eggs benedict were delicious, so were the waffles. Sushi was good, fresh. Pizza was ok, but it usually is in all places you have them as a buffet, under a heating lamp. One thing I fell in love with was the dessert section. I only had the flan, and the coffee shooter, could not eat anything else after seeing so much food, but there's so many of them and so beautifully decorated and presented. If you are a dessert person, do leave room for these, my friends and I all chose different desserts from each other and agreed this was the best part of the meal. Staff is very friendly and attentive, always a good thing. So, all you can eat, drinks, good service and, at a beautiful hotel = must try it!
3	We went for lunch during a recent Vegas trip.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was great or memorable to me. The Desserts were the best thing there. Service was friendly and they were more than  willing to give assistance to a wheelchair user.
5	When you first walk in Aria Hotel, it is structurally amazing. I was just surprisingly excited to see how the Hotel was decorated. When my friends and I got to the Buffet line, at first I was bummed of how long the line was and that it might take forever to go through. But it went though pretty fast considering that there was 14 or 16 of us and they really accommodated us so we could seat together. My Friends and I were there for brunch and they had great selection. There were Crab legs, sushi, lamb/ roast beef/ and another choice of meat, egg Benedict's, Mexican breakfast burritos, pizza, and alot of other food choice to get. Also their dessert was really good choices, the only dessert that I thought that was just okay was the Oreo cream dessert. I thought the way that they made the oreo dessert could of been better but there were alot of other choices of dessert that I was able to eat. Now with the service was wonderful. The line to get though the paying and getting seated was really fast especially since there was 14 or 16 of us to be seated in the same area. The Cost of the type of food and choice was amazing. The totally that everyone paid was $30.30 per person; that included the tax and also tip ( you could get alcohol but it will cost a bit more). So I thought that was great, especially since we arrived there around 1ish and left around 3 pm. SO we were consuming food for roughly 2 hours and we got well over our moneys worth of food.I would recommend this buffet to people that wants there money worth of good food.  YOu really can not pass up a buffet style food for $30.30 (inculding tax and tip), especially for the quality of the food.The only thing that I dont know about this restruant if it is good for kids....just because there wasn't any kids with us and am not sure if there are a lot of selection of food for kids.
3	This is like a cafeteria, no extravegant decor in the dining room or food display.  They did have some variety for brunch, including breakfast, lunch, pre-split crab legs, asian food, meats, and a nice dessert section.  However, it still felt like a cafeteria, it's not like the surrounding competition, kind of disappointing since they are the newest hotel, I guess I was just expecting a little more.  Especially the walls in the casino and through out the hotel was so intricate and unique...I just thought it would be a unique experience...turns out it wasn't that great and unfortunately I believe that other casinos have more to offer as far as buffets go.
2	This hotel is beautiful like the previous reviewer has stated and has a well laid out buffet...but it's not the best buffet on the strip.I admit that I have high standards when it comes to buffets, especially those on the strip in new hotels.  After reading the description that they have on their website (sandwich bar, make your own pasta bar, fabulous desserts) so I think they also hyped it up for me.Lets start with the service.  I realize that the server has a lot of tables to service.  I realize that it's a buffet so service is not suppose to be that great.  But our server seemed to have way too many tables for him to handle.  We'd see him pass by our table with mountains of dirty plates and he wouldn't be able to clear ours (we were sitting close to the kitchen/bussing area).  He came by once to refill my mom's diet coke (and didn't refill mine which was almost done), then it took 15 minutes for him to come around again to ask if I wanted a refill.  Also, his refill consisted of him bringing a new glass of diet coke and leaving the empty glass there.The sandwich bar was a joke.  It consisted of cold cuts and cheese laid out without any bread.  I watched a lady flag down a server to ask about the bread for the sandwich bar.There was no make your own pasta area either.  I thought there was because there was a chef making pasta for these 2 women.  However, I was informed by the women that they were friends of the chef and actually the pasta station was closed and he was making it just for them.  Thanks for the info, wish the chef had told me though.Desserts definitely saved this buffet for me.  The desserts were really awesome and pretty innovative.  However, I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon...maybe once they work out some of the kinks in customer service.
4	Date/Time:   Sunday - 1:30pmOccasion:    Sunday Champagne BrunchParty of:   TwoOrdered:   All-you-can eat buffetLocation:   Cafeteria-ish look but very cleanTotal incl gratuity:   $60Food is pretty abundant - Chinese, Japanese nigiri sushi, lots of breakfast foods like eggs benedict with hollandaise, scrambled, bacon, sausage, hash browns, pizza bar, salad bar with all the fixings, soup bar (they had chicken noodle and sweet potatoe bisque), the meat carving station with prime rib, turkey, ham, and fresh bacon, desserts, and of course the seafood section with the crab legs and massive shrimp cocktails.I thought the food was pretty good and all very fresh.  If you're a huge dessert fan, they have a great selection of very tasty desserts including a beautiful array of cookies.  I mostly stuck with the crab legs.  Worth checking out and the price is rather reasonable.
4	Price is good. Selection is very limited, compared to the Wynn or Bellagio. However, the items that they do have like king crab legs and various roasts are gooooood. Veal bacon? Yummm.What I liked most was that it wasn't overly busy. You got to enjoy your meal without having to fight through crowds each time through the line. The food is still refreshed regularly so that you're always ensured warm and fresh food each time. Best part of this buffet is the dessert - no question. So many options and they're all sugar-coma inducing goodness.If you're looking for a melee style buffet, go elsewhere. But if you're looking for a change of pace, you'll like it here.
4	We went there on Wednesday lunchPros:1. Reasonable price for the selection. $19.952. Clean/bright inside3. Small selections were they were all good.4. Dessert was excellent5. Service was excellentCons:1. Nothing really. Maybe they could've improved sushi selections.
1	Beaufriend and I went to this buffet wanting to try something new. Oh man, what a waste of $$! Buffet has very little selection of food! Panda Express has better selection and better tasting food than the Asian food they have laying out in this buffet. Italian food section-they only have fettuccine alfredo that looked like no one has touched. They also have 2-3 diff kind of pizza. Poor guy behind the make your own pasta station looked like he's begging people to make him cook for you. His station looked so plain that you won't even really notice him there. Dessert area, from what most of the reviews I've read..I really thought they would have a lot of selection! Wrong! I guess comparing it to the Wynn buffet...The Buffet at Aria is nothing! Maybe the only good thing they have here is that they serve Indian food which you don't normally see in buffets. Also, they have good size shrimp cocktails. The Buffet at Aria...never again. Sorry.
4	1. PRICE - 35 dollars for dinner. Go to to bellagio or wynn and you'll be paying 40 dollars for basically the same quality prime rib and food. 2. KING CRAB - Not the snow crab that you see at every buffet in town, but yes... KING CRAB. You can ask them to steam it for you also and it was delicious. 3. Not crowded - able to be seated in a few minutes, versus waiting more than an hour at some places. 4. Beautiful decor. 5. Desserts. Nutella cake, snickers gellato. must I say more?
5	the best buffet I have been to, and I have been to Wynn & Bellagio's buffet's.The food actually had taste here, and there was plenty of variety, they had lamb, beef, fish, crabs, pretty much everything was there! The line for the lunch buffet on Saturday was not that long, waited probably1/2 an hour, and was only $23 per person.  Service was excellent, the waitress was always refilling our drinks and came as soon as we sat down.The deserts were plentiful, but they were the only food that lacked flavor.  I tried all of them, even the icecream was worse than generic stuff.  It tried pistachio and it was too sweet and tasted northing like pistachios!
4	I definitely wouldn't mind eating at this buffet again. Price/food combo is pretty good!top choices:-King Crab Legs-Chicken Curry with fresh Garlic Naan-Dessert Bar: french macaroons, Creme Brulee, etc just to name a few. *tip - some of the crab legs were salty, so instead of getting all bloated from eating just a handfull of salty king crab legs dunk the meat in some water to get some of the salt off and suddenly the meat becomes incredibly sweet - NOM NOM NOM !If you're a fan of lobster the buffet does come with an order of maine lobster (1 order per 2 people) also you're dinner comes with house wine (white or red) though my friends that got the wine said it was pretty rank :(All the other food wasn't bad just not memorable. However, there's no long wait for dinner which is a plus! My only gripe was that at dinner we could not find our waitress to take our drink order. And our cups went empty w/o her returning to check on us a few times.
2	So this is the new Hotel in town, so you know that means, this is the new hot spot buffet. It's 38 a person for dinner which is pretty cheap for what they advertised, unlimited wine and a whole Maine lobster. First off the wine was blah. And they were super strict on the serving of the Maine lobster. It was 1 per person and they triple check to make sure you haven't already gotten one. With all of the scrutiny I figure it would be a decent presentation of the lobster. NOPE! Just boiled. It had no flavor. Also it didn't arrive until almost the end of the meal even though we requested it at as soon as we sat down. I started down the buffet line and first things first it was king crab legs, pre split. Which was a definite plus since the spines on the king crab legs are a pain to fight through. They were always low on them and I didn't feel like waiting for more in that terribly long line. I tasted almost all of the other items and it was nothing amazing. The best dish was the lobster ravioli. I did have 2 plates of that. The service was terrible, the waitress looked pissed off and barely ever cleared our plates and instead of refilling drinks she just brought out new ones, but she only did that once. Recommendation, come for an early dinner to avoid the crowds, stick to the king crab legs and lobster ravioli.
4	This was an outstanding buffet. None of the foods appeared warmed over or soaked in butter/oil.The king crab legs were cut in half, so you didn't have to break them yourself. They were outstanding. The boiled shrimp were fairly large, but still had shells. They had a three types of grilled/baked fish.The pizza was the best that I've had at a buffet. It was a cross between thin crust and a regular crust. The desserts were very, very good with unique designs. You almost have to see them, but they are all wonderful bite size desserts. These unique desserts included the Aria take on carrot cake, strawberry shortcake, and even the Oreo Cakester!!!This buffet would have gotten 5 stars, but the salad bar was virtually not existant and the fruit selection was lacking.However, overall, it was very good and much better than many of the other LV options!
2	Paris, Bellagio, Wynn, PH all have better buffets. The selection of food is very average here. It takes the mediocre elements of all of the aforementioned buffets and combined them into one. Prime rib was okay (and they were very stingy with the cuts), and leg of lamb was good but nothing to rave about. King crab legs were plentiful, but they were very dry and discolored.. frankly, not all that appetizing. The one highlight of the buffet was a salmon salad, which had lots of fresh raw salmon in it. Sadly, most of my stomach room was spent eating that salad lol.
1	Eeeekkkk!!! Is not enough....Terrible, disgusting, and downright bad for your health. Why is there no "Zero Stars"? Took a chance on this buffet because it was the new thing on the strip and they had crab everyday. Walked around before buying the buffet, food looked good; well presented and fresh. Boy, were we wrong!!! The food was awful, insipid, and not fresh at all. Waitstaff was arguing about who had which table, no one took our drinks for over ten minutes, and when they did they forgot what we ordered. The pork loin at the carving station tasted like little smokies, the carne asada was dry and didn't have any seasoning, the sushi rolls were sticky and had some unidentifiable mushy fish product, the tortellini tasted like spagetti o's ,  the crab (how can anyone mess up crab!?!?)  was so soggy that when gently squeezed water poured onto the plate, and the shrimp cocktail was old and mushy. I tried to be nice, but finally gave up and asked for my money back. Apparently the manager was pretty used to this cuz he didn't look at all surprised. Traumatized by our eating experience we went back to our hotel thinking our ordeal was behind us. How wrong we were... Next day husband wakes up feeling "off"... diarrhea, severe cramps, and to top off our experience a trip to the hospital. Thanks Aria, your disgusting eating experience is something that we will get to experience for days with a course of antibiotics for the bacterial infection that you shared with us...
2	We got free buffets with our stay at Aria and now I know why they're giving out free buffets! This buffet is nothing special. The food was bland and the selections were unexciting. The best part of the buffet was probably the pastries section, which consisted of pastries from the hotel's famous Jean Philippe Patisserie.  I believe it's $28 per person for buffet and unlimited champage -- for mediocre food.  Compared to some of the other buffets in Vegas, this one doesn't come close!
3	ok note to buffet eaters in Vegas.. if you're worried about the hefty price tag going during lunch! its cheaperand now proceeding to the food (which really deserves 3.5 stars)King Crab Legs (i piled my plate high with such high expectations, they over salted so that you limited what you ate - fail)Roast - cooked to perfectionSushi/Sashimi - decent considering it was a buffetGrilled Shrimp - devoured.. inhaled really..Ceviche - really refreshing, clean flavorsDesserts - ALL AMAZING!decor was interesting, plenty of seating, a bit of a wait but wasn't terrible (20 minutes?) average cost for a buffet in Vegas, but well worth it!
2	Truly disappointing.  The King Crab Legs were frozen and extremely salty.  Maybe their plan is to make you drink more so you eat less.  The Prime Rib needed salt. The Shrimp Cocktail was standard.  The only part that was exceptional were the desserts. For about $30 per person -- I would try either the Wynn, Paris, Mirage or Bellagio buffet.
1	Food Poisoning.  Ate at the buffet around 9 pm, woke up early the next morning with FOOD POISONING.  Spent the next 2 days of my vegas vacation in the hotel room bathroom.  Thanks ARIA.
2	I gave Aria hotel a 5 star review for being fabulous, so it makes me sad to give its buffet 2 stars. The food was just awful and tasted like it came straight from an elementary school's cafeteria. There was nothing I enjoyed except for the decor and cool multi-color lights, and believe me I tried about 90% of the food. The crab legs were so salty I did not even need butter, and the consistency was almost like that of imitation crab meat. To add salt to the wound, there wasn't even bottomless mimosas added to the $30 per person charge. Tisk tisk. Don't buffet managers know that in order for customers to eat crappy food, they need to be a little intoxicated?
2	Breakfast:Overall the experience could have been much better; without the lazy lady at the cash register; waitress was wonderful; but food was just under-par; But to think about it; an simple breakfast without the buffet would have been much better. Please recreate the menu & get rid of the lazy cashier. What a horrible way to start a morning.
3	Brunch is $24 and for an additional $5 you can get unlimited mimosas or bloody marys. Brunch comes with king crab legs if you can stomach those in the morn/lunch time. A line started at around noon, but we got there by 11am so it was quick to get in. Service was attentive, except when the BF wanted his 5th bloody mary. Overall it's a decent buffet, and I actually sort of like how the seating arrangement is almost cafetaria-like.
3	The buffet itself isn't horrible but the service is pretty bad. Came here on a Sunday night and they were way understaffed. People were confused as to where to sit and the hostesses didn't know which tables were open. Out drinks weren't refilled as the poor waitresses was running around trying to take too many tables on. Food: It is allright. You obviously can't compare it to the Bellagio or the Wynn but it's decent. The garlic naan was SO GOOD! It has to be good since it was actually made in those cool stone clay pans and made fresh right on the spot. The shrimp is very large and fresh. The crab labs weren't bad. Dessert: Ok well you know it has to be good since it was designed by Pastry Champion Jean-Philippe Maury. I literally tried everything! Not too sweet and not too decadent. I really only came here cuz I had food credit from Aria. I guess it's not bad for the price. I believe it was around $27.00 for dinner per person
3	Goods- food quality is up there. had the breakfast buffet the first day and lunch on the last. Everything was fresh and well prepped, nice presentation and most was reasonably tasty for a buffet. Bads- service was LAGGIN! I'm there on a Monday morning at 9am, probably 25 other people in the place. How long does it really take for coffee and a water? WHEN YOU GO- lunch was the better option. More of a variety and the service was slightly snappier.
2	Seafood Friday and there are better places for the price you pay.  The prime rib was good, but I loved the dessert here, it was awesome.
4	came here for sunday brunch and enjoyed the food, price and location.  the selection was good with the usual breakfast delights, such as design-your-own omelettes, eggs benedict (YUM), french toast, bacon and other choices, such as crab legs, shrimp, sushi, roast beef (YUM), pizza, etc etc etc.   The gelato bar is the BOMB!   they change around the ice cream favors within the hour or so.  love me some butter pecan gelato... DELISH.  for the price i paid for brunch, i was thoroughly satisfied.  as for the customer service, our first waitress was quick and friendly (though she did miss up a few drinks.. but no biggie).  i will definitely be back!
2	I think this place is a tad overrated- first off I went here for breakfast while en route to Mandalay for a convention. We show up- there are no signs that tell you where to line up when you're approaching from the casino level- by the time we saw that there was an actual "line" we'd been waiting and they felt sorry for us and let us through. The "server" if you'd call her that was bloody awful- she literally slammed my drink on the table- is Aria telling me that there isn't talent in Vegas that actually cares about customer service? Now on to the food- pancakes were hard - yuck and also no maple syrup- only berry toppings- WTF it's a brand new hotel not the Nugget! I would choose other places over this joint for the price.
3	Came here on a Saturday night and we waited in line for about 30 mins or so. A good thing about coming here for dinner on the weekends is that they serve unlimited wine!  Plus each person gets half and order of lobster! The lobster came out piping hot and they added a mustard dipping sauce which was good. ( I stuck with butter and lemon)The food is pretty decent here. The quality of food is great.  They make their portions in smaller batches, which was nice. There is a cold, hot, carving, middle eastern, italian, sushi and american stations. King crab legs were already halved for us which were more easy to eat!! nom nom nom! I must have ate 2 plate fulls of them suckers! Prime rib was really good not dry at all. Chicken curry was not spicy on bit. The fresh naan and garlic naan was AWESOME! Add a little mint julep was the perfect condiment. The desserts were good. I enjoyed the cream brulee, chocolate covered strawberries and gelato. Oh and if you are a coffee drinker, order a cup of joe. My friends claim its one of the best they have tasted.Service was slow. We had to ask for them to clear our plates and even that they took long. Selction wise its not as grand as the one in the Rio but quality wise its super good. I can't complain. I just came for the crab legs :)
2	How many nice restaurants are there in Las Vegas on the strip alone?  A lot.  How many did we eat at?  ZERO!  Thanks to my husband's inability to wait 5 minutes once he's hungry and our friends who would rather spend their cash on beverages, rather than food.So Aria's buffet was our Friday night dinner.  With unlimited wine and a lobster for every two people, $36 sounded like a pretty good deal.  Unfortunately, since we never made it back to our hotel room the night before, I was not at my best for eating.The buffet had just about everything.  Multiple carving stations that included lamb, turkey, New York steak, pork tenderloin, and prime rib.  I had none of that, so I can't comment other than to say my companions were pleased.  Seafood options included crab legs, shrimp and oysters among other things.  The "free" lobster was a mess.  Our order was lost, so there was a long delay, and it was NOT worth the wait.  It was so overcooked, it was like chewing on a piece of rubber.  Minus two stars alone for the senseless slaughter of crustaceans.  If you can't prepare it well enough to at least be edible, don't bother offering it!
4	We read all the reviews online and had our doubts regarding the Buffet at Aria.  We were more than pleasantly surprised.  Very interesting and delicious items, including delicious jumbo shrimp in lobster sauce, all you can drink wine and many unique specialities.  However, the complimentary lobster was tasteless and rubbery.  The desserts were less than luscious.  But, overall a very solid buffet.  Definitely would return!
4	I went to the dinner buffet with my parents. It's $30 per person and I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to get my $30 worth, but I feel pretty confident that I did. The hostesses were not very nice or welcoming. Perhaps they were overwhelmed. Our hostess put us in a both right next to the desserts, so I felt pretty forgiving.The big buffet feature is king crab legs, nicely split up for eating. I don't eat crab, but the many people hauling plates of it looked pretty happy. Other stations included sushi, salad, fruit, comfort food, slabs of meat, Mexican dishes, Indian food, pizza, cheese cubes, Chinese food and, of course, dessert.I wasn't impressed with the sushi, although I do appreciate the existence of the vegetarian roll. The pizza wasn't good, either. In fact, I didn't eat my entire half slice of pizza, which is highly unusual for a pizza connoisseur as myself. The Chinese food was excellent--moo goo gai pan, steamed vegetables, seaweed salad, tofu! All of the food was fresh, delicious and labeled--no mystery items. The desserts were by far the most popular. There was a sundae bar, cookies, pudding-type desserts and tiny plated pieces of creme brulee, cheesecake, chocolate pudding and something really delicious made with nutella.Overall, I enjoyed it. I think the $15 breakfast or $20 lunch buffets might be a better deal, but I have no complaints. Actually, I take that back. I wish there was a self-service drink station. The servers/bussers are nice, but only brought us two drinks each during the meal, even after I asked for another glass of water (it's mostly ice and we're in the desert--I'm thirsty!!!)
4	4.5 stars.$20 weekday lunch buffet...there's no way you can't get your moneys worth at this place.  Plenty of choices and the food quality while not top notch is pretty good.  Service was a bit slow, but not as bad as some of the reviewers make it out to be.
2	I am going to be rather harsh in my review, although there are definite redeeming qualities about this buffet.  My cousin, his friend, and I recently visited Vegas for a quick trip.We decided to go to only one buffet. I usually go to the The Buffet at the Bellagio, but we thought to give Aria a shot since it was a new hotel and all.Like everything else at Aria, it was beautifully decorated with modern touches.  Our waitress was attentive and the crowds weren't too bad.Now to get into the ONE and ONLY reason why this is a two star review:  - Holy s**t balls about the sushi.  It was like if a first grader was making sushi rice for the first time.  It was hard, under-cooked, and not sticky at all that sushi rice is suppose to be.  No one should be forced to eat things that can make your bowels run like Niagara Falls after rain.  And no good restaurant should even have the audacity to serve something like that.On to why it's not a one star review:- Prime Rib cooked to perfection- Pasta bar that has a super nice chef ready to take your order.  (He also makes good basic pastas.)- Dessert bar to die for: Creme Brulee, Ice Cream Bar, Crisp-on-the-outside soft-on-the-inside cookies. more Creme Brulee, Oreo Pudding Shooters, Tropical Carrot Cake, and did I mention the Creme Brulee.I don't care for Alaskan King Crab legs, but they have those as well.  I didn't have any of their Mexican or Indian wares, since I know I can get those on the cheap when I go home.  I mean chips, salsa, and guac is what you have for Mexican.  Really?  For a weekday dinner where I spend thirty dollars for a good meal, that money should have just gone to a sit down restaurant with a prix fixe meal.  That probably would have been more satisfying.
5	I'm not sure I agree with John H's logic.  He moved it all the way down to 1 star because of badly made sushi rice?  Out of the 30 or whatever courses they served, 1 hard rice ball and he freaks out...  I'd have to say that's a bit harsh.  Anyway, I was quite happy about the food here, having eaten buffets the day before too (seems like a vegas ritual for me).  I had the Wynn buffet before, and it was almost 10 bucks more and didn't have the king crab legs with less selection (slightly, and lunch).  My visit was for lunch on the weekend, and it wasn't too crowded, but it was full.  The wait wasn't too bad though.  They have it all, or most of what I would want in a buffet.  King crab legs (no snow crab!), coctail shrimp (I think it's only half cooked for max crispness, and when I told my coworker he said it's ceviche style but it was still coctail shrimp), prime rib was very tender and you can choose between well done or med rare.  I tried the lamb too but the guy sliced a end cut for me and I hate well done meats (except for pork of course).  The tomato bisque was good, the chinese congee was very tasty, even the apple crepe was good.  The dessert is awesome because they are all served on individual plates, and taste pretty decent.  The icecream was great though.  It was very creamy and tasty.  It was I think 24 a person on a weekend, so the price was excellent for what you get, and the server was very friendly.  I think the decor is ok, as the bankers really started to save money on the decorations, but it wasn't terrible.  But you can see cheap touches if you look closely.  My only complaint was it was missing lobster, but I guess you get that for dinner, and you pay more too.  But that's nitpicking.  It's pretty good for what you pay for in a buffet.  After this it feels like the 40 dollar (or 30 dollar for lunch) ones are really overcharging people.
4	just to list off some things:- great selection of food- not just great selection, but great quality for a buffet- great atmosphere and design. very contemporary.- attentive wait staff. people say that it wasn't as good, but our waitress was very observant of our table. drinks were refilled, and plates were removed with perfect timing.- DESSERT IS AMAZING! i love the coconut tapioca pudding shooter with candied mangoes. haha.overall verdict: yes, YOU should try this buffet. if you like it, GREAT! if you don't, you can at least say that you've tried aria's buffet, and YOU can write a review on how much you don't like it. haha. enjoy!
3	Came here for brunch because my boyfriend wanted to and saw the crab legs.I really like brunch because it is a combination of breakfast and lunch so they have a lot of variety of food. Unfortunately, 1/2 of the food I got, I did not like. I normally love breakfast sausage, but the sausage here was really dry. The cocktail shrimp was soggy, the hashbrown was really really dry and flavorless, and so was this bread that had sun-dried tomatoes on it.The food that was good were the egg benedict, prime rib, and crab legs, and the desserts. So you should just ignore everything and just stick with those three and have dessert. The desserts that I had were chocolate cake, flan, and creme puff. They were all really good, but I think I like the chocolate cake the best. My boyfriend liked the flan and he also got himself oreo ice cream with m&ms, which was really good too.I wouldn't mind coming back here, because some of the food here are really good, you just need to know what to stay away from....
2	2 stars for this mainly because you will expect way more from a hotel of this caliber. If "The Buffet" were located in Circus Circus, then you would have a 5 star rating from me. I would describe the decor and quality of food as a glorified cafeteria. We ate during the dinner hour and they had not one BUT TWO cold cut stations (yes, baloney and salami)  out. $30 for dinner, really?? Thank goodness we had our meal "comped" by the hotel. We were disappointed with fewer food station selections compared to other lesser quality hotels (Orleans, Rio, etc...). Overall, MEDIOCRE. Eat here if you get it free, or you have a major  discount. 2 stars for this mainly because you will expect way more from a hotel of this caliber. If "The Buffet" were located in Circus Circus, then you would have a 5 star rating from me. I would describe the decor and quality of food as a glorified cafeteria. We ate during the dinner hour and they had not one BUT TWO cold cut stations (yes, baloney and salami)  out. $30 for dinner, really?? Thank goodness we had our meal comped by the hotel. We were disappointed with fewer food station selections compared to other lesser quality hotels (Orleans, Rio, etc...). Overall, MEDIOCRE. Eat here if you get it free, or you have a major  discount. cold cut stations (yes, baloney and salami)  out. $30 for dinner, really?? Thank goodness we had our meal comped by the hotel. We were disappointed with fewer food station selections compared to other lesser qualtiy hotels (Orleans, Rio, etc...). Overall, MEDIOCRE. Eat here if you get it free, or you have a major  discount.
4	I had a breakfast buffet at Aria on July 25th.  I read an article that Aria made some improvements so  I decided to try it again.  At 9am, there was no line at all.    I really think Breakfast buffett taste better than their Lunch buffet.  They served prime rib, crab legs, omletts, lamb, chinese food, variety of scrambled eggs, fruit, oatmeal, and delicious desserts for an expensive price $15.00.  The servers keep the food counters clean which is very nice.  I definitely will come here for breakfast than planet hollywood spice buffett where I normally go.
4	I'm still not a fan of Vegas buffets, but for $23.95 for Brunch was insanely cheap when you compared ito  Wynn, Bellagio, Spice Market, and the M Buffet. If The Buffet was priced at $30, I would probably rate this place a 3 star. The quality of food here also has a slight edge over the other buffets, but it doesn't stand out in anyway except for the price.Things to get+Crabs Legs (secret tip of the day, they can steam it for you!)+Prime Rib+Chinese Porridge - surprisingly good. +Lamb - one of very few buffets serves Lamb at their buffet+Center Cub Slab BaconOther things I did not try, but might interest some.+Omelet Station+4 Flavors of Cream Cheese+Jumbo Shrimp+TurkeyThings to avoid-Corned Beef Hash-Hash Brown-Muffin w/ Country Gravy
3	Like all other tables in Vegas, there is strategy involved when hitting the buffet.I took my practiced hand to "The Buffet" at Aria last weekend when I was in sin city. It's a good choice though not the best buffet I've visited. It features a few stand-outs -- and a few misses -- among otherwise average food.I'll get to what I liked and didn't like in a moment, but first allow me to share my philosophy on smart buffet dining.To get the full dining experience at any buffet you need to go in with a plan. There is no wrong plan, it's all a matter of personality.For example, the Scouters will tell you to do a walk-thru of all the counters before even picking up a plate. The Meat Heads go straight for the carving table to satisfy their carnivorous cravings and get their "money's worth". The Aristocrats start with courses -- maybe a hearty salad and soup for round 1, followed by the protein and carbs in round 2, and finished off nicely with a dessert and coffee for round 3.But for me, I personally fall firmly into the Forager camp. I am curious and I like variety. I need to try as many tastes as I can in order to feel my trip to the buffet has been a success.Therefore, I start at one end with one plate and literally take just a spoonful of each item that remotely catches my interest. I'll sit down  with a plate that looks something like this:A small helping of a greens and typical salad toppings, two pieces of sushi, a spoonful of garlic mashed potatoes, a beef enchilada, two small spoonfuls of lamb curry, a spoon of basmati rice, some blueberries, a spoon of Mediteranean pasta salad, and a slice of lamb with some mint jelly.To the untrained eye, my plate looks like the mess of a buffet novice, however there is order to my chaos. It's all about portion control. I get one, maybe two bites of everything. Then I can go back and try other things, or get more of the items I loved from the first round.I'd say I got to sample at least 80% of Aria's buffet this way. Here are my favorites:1) Leg of lamb at the carving station2) NY Strip at the carving station3) Shrimp Cocktail4) Freshly made garlic naan (they even have a tandoori oven at the counter!)5) Lychee, scallop coconut salad6) Crab Legs (I can't eat them, but everyone at my table said they were great)7) Creme BruleeThings I didn't like:1) sub-par sushi2) beef enchilada3) dulce leche dessert4) not enough labels on food (was I eating lamb curry, or beef curry?)Another part of the plan: make sure you go for brunch -- it was $26 (with tax) before 4 p.m. The prices rises to $30+ for dinner.
4	went agian this past weekend... for brunch its $27, with the champagne or bloody mary its only $5 more. worth the money!also, this time, we were able to conquer and try all the desserts. :P
2	My biggest complaint are the little earthquakes you feel as you eat.  I'm surprised I didn't read about it in previous reviews.  The mini earthquakes happen every 2 mins. or so.  I'm from CA and so I was a bit freaked out the first couple times it happened.  After awhile, I was feeling sick with motion sickness while eating.  Per our server, the tram that runs between Monte Carlo, through Aria, and then to Bellagio, runs directly underneath this restaurant.  Basically some engineer effed up.  This hotel should move the restaurant to another area of the hotel because who wants to eat while getting motion sickness?The food was good.  Loved the pre-cut crab legs.  Loved the desserts.  Service was great/friendly/prompt.  Everything was presented well; buffet was clean.  Modern decor just like the rest of this hotel.  But I would not return because of the constant shaking of the floor/seats.
5	Best Vegas buffet I've ever been to! To compare, I've been to the buffets at Bellagio, Wynn, and Rio most recently and Aria's wins by far. On a Saturday night, they have some kind of special ($40) where it's all-you-can-drink wine and a whole maine lobster per two people in addition to all the food. Since we had three people, we got a lobster and a half... it was delicious. The food in the buffet was also wonderful, especially the cooked shrimp. I think all the cold (and hot) foods, btw, they can steam/heat up for you. The shrimp I loved was Asian-style with vegetables and pretty much the best thing ever. I remember really liking the cioppino, the sushi/sashimi, and pastas. I don't know why I'd ever go to another buffet...
3	This was $23.99 without champagne for brunch and then $35.99 after 4 pm.The selection for the prize was pretty much mediocre.  I have been to others where they have more selection and the prize was cheaper. I did enjoy the food tho.  And I will say I was very happy with the service.  Both people who served our table were very nice and patient with all our request.One thing that was a little annoying was the vibrations we felt from people walking around.  I think the flooring were badly done cuz it felt like there were after shocks all the time.
1	Worst buffet ever made in vegas. Basically a rip off ($35 each), with just a straight line of selection. Food was not even that great, the only highlight was the steak, the creme brulee, and unlimited wine. But if you're at a buffet, you want various selection of food not just wine. I don't recommend this at all, especially if you're starving and they tell you that they're serving "gourmet" food, most likely thats a lie.
4	Decent buffet for the price. if you stay at one of the Sky suites then you get to skip the line. The walls remind me of the ones inside of a pinkberry.. or maybe the color combination.. felt a little weird.one item to note, the "smoked bacon" was like... butter.. but can't have too much of it haha but it was goodDesserts were really good..  they come on a "iced" plate, and they had real ice cream/gelato (more like ice cream i think) and not soft serve like other buffets in town..
4	Let me start off  by saying i'm a buffet fan (sadly i cant eat as much as i wish i could) . I love variety in my meals. ***I didn't feel any shaking as mentioned in other reviews.***   I went on a weekday for breakfast.  -lots of eggs, 2 omelet stations, classic breakfast items.-fruit, muesli, cream of wheat, oatmeal, yogurt-lots of meat (not a big meat eater), there was a big ham & some sort of sausage-asian items, ceviche, smoked salmon-dessert: muffins, cookies, danish, biscotti...I think it was a good deal for the price. Service was good & I got there about 10 am so I didn't have to wait at all really to get in. Next time I'm in Vegas brunch or lunch!
4	you know, i can honestly say that i vastly enjoyed the buffet here. We came here for breakfast, at only 15 bucks a pop, and it wasn't that busy either. best time to come is 10:30AM, pay the breakfast price, and then stay for lunch..when they bring out their signature item, the Alaskan crab leg. I could tell everything here was fresh. good quality, and clean. Wife thinks that the place deserves one star less because the choices were not as vast as the Wynn buffet, and i have to agree. But  hey...i don't need a thousand choices of beef fried rice if i get a couple great choices of cervice or italian meats. What i think everyone has to try if they eat here..crab legs..the best part is that they already cracked it, so you just have to pick the meat out. I know peeps that have lost teeth trying to crack crab legs and end up looking like Asian hillbillies.Shrimp cervice. Veal Bacon. Lemon meringue Grand Marnier Cream Puff. The Flan. Fresh peeled shrimp. There is also a great selection of italian cured meats and cheeses.
2	So , we went in with high expectations (a $80.00 credit doesn't hurt either!)It reminded me of a cafeteria - people cutting in line for the crab legs, food sitting in warmers looking like it had been there for hours - I mean the ambiance was ok, but something was missing - if i had to pay for this out of my own pocket, I would have been very upset.The food was very generic - nothing special like the Bellagio Buffet - which I hear is the best!The folks at Aria need to put their heads together to reinvent this buffet - it could be soooo much better!
4	After my slightly traumatic experience at Buffet of Buffets, I was really hesitant about going the The Buffet at Aria.  But all my friends were going, what was I supposed to do?I was actually pleasantly surprised by this place.  The food was very good!  And for $25, not too bad for brunch.Favorites:-Fresh cut slab of honey bacon-Steamed King Crab Legs with Hot Butter-Jumbo Cocktail Shrimp that were fresh not frozen.-Flan -Chicken Congee-High quality green teaNegatives:-Servers seemed to hate their job and were really slow and inaccurate about bringing you things like drinks.-Duck salad was so salty it was inedible.-Not enough room in my tummy for seconds after I had tried everything.
3	Buffets can be horrifying, but this one kind of categorized itself to limit inundating the senses.  At 23.95, it is probably a bargain because of the seafood appetizers, which are featured first.  You can't be shy here.  There was a mountain of crab legs, but I did my best to pry out my own hill, and get to work with the drawn butter, and jumbo shrimp.  Good thing, because this was seriously the best part of the meal.  There was a spinach salad to accompany the crab, which I followed with a good chicken curry and garlic naan.  My carnivorous boyfriend did serious damage with a slab of prime rib, and had creamed spinach as a side dish.  Pizzas, mexican food, and Chinese food were also features, which could be good for kids.I did enjoy the miniature salads in shot glasses, tomato and mozerella, and greens.  They were a great variation on the usual.  The tiny deserts were also appreciated, since we could try several, and enjoyed the creme brulee.  Cookies rounded off the meal.The ambience needs tuning.  I appreciate mid-century modern, and while it is sophisticated modern minimalism in the shopping, and casino areas of Aria, it does take on a done to death cafeteria patina in the buffet.All-in-all, worth the money, but not memorable.
3	Im not sure what to give this buffet...a mix between two and three stars...iits freakin pricey of course 20 day and 30 night. The food was many, but too much, clean bars, but the food wasn't very good. I;m not sure maybe cause I'm southern and Vegas taste is different, but the yogurt was sour and not good, maybe it was bad....the sausages were quite a feel to choose from, but all of them also tasted a bit sour and not like your usual mouthwatering ones...only the breakfast sausage was good, the bagles and cream chz were good, everything else wasn;t very tasty or satisfying. Thats all I can say....the service was okay as well, our waitress was ice, but the hosts, bar service, and cashiers sure didn;t seem off in a good feel. But they had a good diverse mix of food I suppose.
4	I broke rule number 1 of getting the bang for you buck at a buffet, I didn't do the full walk around before getting my plate! For $35 I had Saturday brunch at the buffet at Aria. Over looking the expansive pool area, the dinning room is filled with light, plenty of space, and amazing 80's music buzzing softly in the back ground. It might have been Hall and Oates' fault I broke rule number one, hearing "Kiss on My List" my feet where moving in the trajectory of the food. I hadn't even waited for my drink order before I was loading up on a plate of King Crab legs (and a small bowl of clarified butter)! I was at least smart enough to set the legs on the table and return for a fresh plate.Amazingly juicy steak, fresh, thick cuts of smoked bacon, omelet bar, shrimp bar, benedicts, and bacon and banana bread, oh my! My plate, already teetering precariously on a precipice of spicy house potatoes, I could only stare in awe as I walked past the second half of the buffet (YES, there was a whole other half)!! Several different scrambles, bacon, sausages, gravies, another omelet bar, and an entire lunch section of asian inspired dishes including chicken congee!!! I didn't manage to get everything I wanted, but I tasted mostly everything!All of the food was good, solid, and sometimes actually stellar, and way above par of ANY buffet I've been to in Vegas. The hash-brown balls were to die for. The table was already loaded up with flutes of champagne (Domain St. Michelle....not bad for all U Can Drink champagne!!)! and small containers of OJ if we wanted to mix (And we did)! Our waitress was AMAZING, witty, funny and fast. The drinks never stopped flowing, and we stayed there for OVER TWO HOURS!! I needed to sit by the pool for a nap afterward! I ate my $35 and then twice as much. This is my new default brunch spot in Vegas..FULL STOP!
4	I went during the week for lunch and the price was just as comparable to any of buffet. The only reason it enticed me was the fact that aria is a new hotel. The food was good and there was a wide variety and it was nice and bouggie but... it was okay overall. There is nothing different from all the other buffets I feel. they had crab legs for lunch and a cool dessert bar... but what buffet doesn't for that price?
4	This place IMO was REALLY GOOD!I came here for dinner with my friends on a Friday and it wasn't really packed at all.  We found out it was unlimited wine after we paid which was like ~$40 (just like any other buffet place in Vegas or prob cheaper).  So definitely worth it!  They had all kinds of food here from Italian to Indian to American to Asian.  The list felt like it went on and on.  Again, I am not a dessert kind of guy, but wow the thing I remembered most was their dessert...(sadly I know...)  Their strawberry shortcake...OUT OF THIS WORLD! It was so flaky and delicious.  Wasn't super sweet like most places.  Just RIGHT!  Next on the list...I know I'm weird...the marshmallow! Marshmallow...really?  YES REALLY!  By far the best tasting marshmallow ever!  It's located next to the chocolate dipped strawberries...(IMO sucked balls).Hmm maybe I am a desserts kind of guy....=/
1	I came here for Sunday Brunch before heading back to Cali after a great weekend. This buffet was a total buzz kill. So... if there was a "0" star option, I would've picked that and still commented that there needs to be a negative star rating. This was hands down the worst buffet experience ever. I cant believe they even got away with labeling this a buffet, especially in such an upper scale hotel. First off, they advertise themselves as being the Crab Leg central of Las Vegas. If by "crab leg," they mean "cold small crab fingers/slivers," then yes, this is your place. Second, the rest of the buffet was mismatched, random and clearly lacking in any menu planning whatsoever.  You would have a carving station with lamb (no prime rib on the Sunday Brunch Menu, go figure), then next to it, you would have enchiladas, then scrambled eggs. Nothing made sense. The decor was lack luster, sterile and looked like a hospital cafeteria. This place makes Hometown Buffet look like the Four Seasons. The only thing good about this place was.... well. yea. nothing. I want my money back.
4	$15 breakfast buffets - I expect it from Circus Circus or Excalibur but at the new Aria at City Center?  I was intrigued and had to check it out.There was a short line when we got there and it was moving slooooooow, but then we found it was due to a big party ahead of us and they were just in that slow moving zone.  Once they dispersed to their table, the line went quick.  We got seated and there were still a lot of tables empty so it had to have been that family that was holding up the line.  Anyway, i digress...It must be great to be a brand new state-of-the-art casino/hotel designer and have an open budget to design to your heart's content.  I would love to have that job.  The decor was very nice but I could see it being a little dated in a few years.  It was pretty chic but wasn't cutting edge to me.  Oh well, it was nice and it had the new car smell still.Once you get a load of the spread here, you will be wondering how they can afford to only charge $15.  You can't get that price unless you go to smaller or more remote hotels.   There are better buffets with way more selection but for more money.  Don't get me wrong, I don't mind paying more for quality, but for breakfast, I'd rather pay less for a smaller buffet with quality items and not feel like I had to eat more to cover the cost of a more expensive joint.    Really, who wants to pay $25 for breakfast in LV.The few items that stood out for me were the selection of sausages that they had and the array of salame, olives, and cheeses they offered.  Also, their desserts looked pretty tasty and they offered a lot of sugar free options, which is good for any diabetics in the house.One thing I would improve is the omelet bar area.  They need to provide a better area or something because the people didn't know which was the line started and they were clogging up the aisles and blocking some food areas.The service was great.  My drinks were never empty and if they were, they always asked if we needed more juice/coffee/milk/water.  I would try this place out again, especially if I decide to stay at the Aria next time.  Seems like a nice place to crash and give my money to.  It's right in the middle of everything and there's a shuttle to the Monte Carlo/NYNY.    Worth a try.
3	My visit was back in May of 2010.The service was good and quick. The food is above average for a Vegas buffet. The one rub I have against this place is that you have to buy the lobster/wine add-on when we went. This was a mandatory purchase, which i didn't like. The lobster was over cooked and the wine was putrid. The only reason why I gave it three stars is because of the variety of food this place had and the atmosphere was nice. It's in the Aria, which is new. The desert selection was fair with tons of variety.
4	We were looking for somewhere to eat quite late in the evening during a week night. We ended up at the Aria and decided to the try to buffet. The service was very good, the price was unremarkable and the food was EXCELLENT. The array was outstanding, we loved how many ethnic varieties there were, and the desserts were MMMMMM! We enjoyed the personal attention we got from the service staff especially as my mom was feeling very sick and weak. They allowed my parents to sit with us and have free drinks even though they didn't pay for the buffet, and turned a blind eye when we forced my mom to eat a little shrimp and dessert. Overall, it was a very pleasant dining experience and the best buffet we've had in Vegas to date.
3	ARIA please DO NOT Advertise King Crab Legs on Taxis and Magazines if you are not going to carry it anymore!!!Some things actually improved this visit and some things were a total disappointment. Cons-They only offered snow crab legs - which were fine, but I was anticipating Alaskan. -Long lines (like any buffet). Thank God I had a line pass. Pros-Hash brown balls were actually pretty good (when they brought out a fresh batch)-Just realized they offered Truffle Oil w/ their Omelet. Delicious!-Cookies were good. I only tried the Macadamia & White Chocolate. -$23.99
1	went here for brunch and they failed me.  it was overpriced food that tasted like cardboard! they couldnt even make it up in their service department.FAIL
4	Having hunted through the Wynn Buffets on several occasions, I felt compelled to reach out to something new... Aria does a really nice job for the price (28$), and I really can't see why people hate; perhaps the timing? Our party arrived in the evening, when I believe the Buffets are firing on all cylinders. Food was fresh, desserts were incredible (OmFg actually!), and unlike the complaint from some about the lack of King Crab Legs, there were actually stacks and stacks of our fine decapod crustaceans!We left more than satisfied and glad to have tried something new for a change... In Vegas, it's so easy to gravitate towards the familiar and what works. Hunters and Gatherers join in on a feast at Aria!
3	I was going to give this 4 stars because Aria comped it, but instead I give it 3, which is how I would have felt if I had paid. The buffet at Aria is a solid buffet option and should be checked out if you're staying at the hotel. My girlfriend, parents and I checked out this buffet for the Sunday champagne brunch. The food is good, the service we had wasn't so good, though. Our waiter enjoyed talking to my flight attendant mother about the recent Steven Slater incident but he didn't see much of a need to refill our drinks. It came to a point where I gave my Dad the cup of coffee he gave me that I didn't order so my Dad could have a second cup. We're happy to socialize and discuss the issues of the day with the staff, part of the fun of Vegas is interacting with anyone and everyone around, but you still have a job to do. Things I enjoyed: breakfast burritos, ice cream, biscuits, cheese blintzes, Grand Marnier Creme Puff dessert, all very yummy. I thought it was very cool how the desserts were so artfully presented. And to the other people who couldn't find the crab legs? How couldn't you? There were stacks and stacks of them around. The champagne was decent, too. The atmosphere of the place is not unlike the buffet at the Mirage (my personal favorite). It has bright colors and an open design. The walls did feel somewhat sparse, but I thought the color scheme was well done. A buffet should have refreshing colors in the decor to help get your mind off of the overstuffed feeling when leaving.Check it out if you're heading to Aria!
2	I won't go back!  The crab legs were too salty and overall food quality was so so.  Not worth paying 80 for two people.
4	On our last day in Vegas, my husband and I couldn't decide on where to eat, so we decided to just dine at the buffet at Aria because at least there we could find something to satisfy everyone.  It wasn't bad for a lunch buffet, lots of things to choose from and our favorites included the lamb curry and the roasted chicken.  I really liked how this buffet included sugar free desserts such as the delicious lime panna cotta with coconut.  Next time we're in town, we'll be sure to check out the advertised lobster on their dinner menu.
3	It was Saturday morning and I was browsing the little booklet you get behind the headrest on the taxi and noticed this ad for a buffet at Aria.  It showed a picture of Alaskan King Crab and shows breakfast for $15, lunch for $20 and dinner for $28.  So we take a taxi to the hotel and by the time we get there, it was late morning.  Low and behold they charged us $25 each for BRUNCH.  We didn't think much about it until after I sat down and started eating.  I then remembered that they advertised Alaskan King Crab and that was one of the main reasons why I wanted to eat here.  When I approached the buffet line, they had SNOW CRAB LEGS-which is a anorexic, cheap version and very different.  I looked at the receipt and noticed that we not only were overcharged, but they falsely advertised their shit.  Not only did they charge us MORE for brunch than breakfast, even lunch, but they didn't have what they advertised at all.I approached the manager and her response was that the Alaskan King Crab is for dinner only.  Look at the ad I uploaded and you tell me if it says that.  HELL NO.  I asked her to show me where the fuck it says that the crab is "during dinner only".  She said, "Oh, I'll talk to marketing about that".  Are you freaking kidding me?  I'm not falling for that BS line.  Not only that, but why is her brunch prices higher than lunch?  She couldn't answer.  She then said, "Well, let me check with the chefs in the back and see if we have any Alaskan King Crab.  Uh...that's great, but I'm actually DONE eating and it's more about the issue more than anything now.  She brought me a plate of the crab legs, but I wasn't into it anymore.  I didn't like how she tried to pull the sheets over my eyes and mislead me, along with all the other people that didn't bother speaking up.  As a compromise, she refunded me 1 meal ($25).  I was satisfied, but wonder how many other people caught this.  The food was good, not spectacular.  One of my favorites was the thick-cut smoked bacon.  The pre-made breakfast burrito was yummy as well.  Oh...the absolute BEST thing they had was (drum roll) the COFFEE!  OMG...it was the absolute best coffee I've ever had in Vegas.  Starbucks/Peets can't touch this stuff.  The only other time I had coffee like this was in Portland Oregon in a coffee house there.  Aria has good breakfast if you pay $15 (as advertised), but certainly not $25 they tried to scam me on.
2	Pretty low end for a purported high end hotel. Price is good ($20) for lunch but it really seemed like a larger version of the Old Country Buffet. Nothing very surprising or interesting to choose from though the Indian station was a bit different.  Crab legs were a bit suspect, too.  I'd save my money and go to a better hotel buffet (Wynn, Paris, Bellagio).
4	Compared to the other buffets I ate at...Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Wynn. I would say that this one is the best. They have a wide selection of food, and all of them are kept really nice and hot. What I would recommend skipping would be the mexican food. I've tried all the dishes at the Mexican section and none of them were good. Maybe its just me...but I would just skip it! The chinese section is definitely accurate, it's not just some asian fusion thing, but real chinese food. The pasta is also great! You choose what you want in your pasta, and they make it for you! It was very delicious..and the portion is huge.So I would recommend sharing the pasta with someone else so that you have more room for other food. The place is really modern, and its in a clean setting. I went for the dinner on a Saturday and it was around $25-$30..can't really remember. But I would definitely go here again seeing how the other buffets were like!
1	EEk! Methinks not is right! The food here was terrible. It's pretty bad when you walk into a buffet hungry and leave still feeling hungry.
4	Went there for a Saturday brunch.Had a good a variety of food, which, for a casino buffet, was very good. the  crab and prime rib was fresh, and having both breakfast and lunch available was convenient for my appetite.No complaints and left feeling I got my money's worth. Would definitely return.
4	We went to the Buffet at  Aria on a Saturday night.The food was pretty good. You get a lobster, and all you can eat seafood, crab legs, soups, etc. It is one of the better buffets you can go to.This review is boring - the Buffet at Aria is boring compared to what it could have been. That's all.Bottomline: This buffet is worth it for the price (almost $40), but if the line is as long as it was for us (about 1 hour), you might as well go somewhere else.I had the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort for lunch that day, and although this is a good buffet, this buffet doesn't compare.
2	This place gets 1 star for the food and 3 stars for the desserts.I would have thought that the creators of this buffet would take a lesson from places like Bellagio and Wynn, but they obviously were sleeping during class.  The crab legs were sooooo salty and gummy.  The fish dishes were overcooked.  The indian curries were bland.  I did like the prime rib, but don't forget to put the au jus!The upside is that I think they spent all the time and effort on the dessert section.  The dessert offerings were plated individually and they were beautiful!  They also tasted good.  My favorites were the Nutella cake and the caramel flan.  Ice cream, cookies, biscotti, and brownies were also offered.Our server was very attentive and nice.  I cannot say the same for the people manning the different food areas.  No one could tell me what veggie was in the chicken curry (I figured out it was spinach).  We went for lunch, and it was $20 per person.  I wouldn't come back here unless they revamped their offerings.
3	I was staying at Aria with some friends and we had some resort credit to use, so of course, we opted for staying in our hotel for BUFFET :D Only 20ish dollars for the weekend brunch, not bad, not bad at all. We also came a little bit before dinner, so we could pay the brunch price and get both brunch AND dinner foods. Gotta love beating the system :)Immediately, the buffet pleased me. Why, you ask? There was no line! I'm so used to waiting in huge lines whenever I eat at the buffets in Vegas (especially Paris&Bellagio, those buffets ALWAYS have at least a 45 minute wait). We were seated pretty quickly, even though we were a large group, and we were immediately chowing down. For the weekend brunch, they had a good amount of food items. Snow crab legs, sushi, eggs benedict, caprese salad, sliced bacon, pancakes, breakfast burritos... I could go on forever. Most of the food was decent, but nothing really blew me out of the water. Once the menu changed to dinner, there were king crab legs, lobster ravioli, freshly baked naan, prime rib, refried beans, etc etc. Some of the food was delicious and some was just meh. The refried beans were INCREDIBLY salty to the point where I couldn't eat anymore after the first bite. I was also pretty disappointed with the king crab legs. I LOVE crab and I've had king crab legs at a buffet before (the wynn) but these didn't taste as good; they tasted exactly the same as the snow crab legs, which was really disappointing.This buffet really shined in the dessert area. All of the desserts looked beautiful and I was really happy with their spread; plenty of cakes, cookies, and even a serving station for gelato. I tried the nutella cake (DELICIOUS), pot de creme (freaking amazing!!!), and of course, the creme brulee. Everything I tried from the dessert bar was orgasmic-tasting. I thoroughly enjoyed it.As for the service, ours was pretty decent. There were portions of time where they wouldn't come and plates would be stacking, but we always had liquid to drink and I was pretty content.Overall, it's a decent buffet. Food is average & the desserts are GREAT. The price is definitely better than some of the other buffets in Vegas, but I think if you want some quality food, I'd go for the Wynn or Bellagio buffets. Otherwise, I feel like this buffet is still undiscovered, so you are bound to not have to wait too long to get your buffet on :) 3.5 stars!
5	This is a one of the best buffet's I've been to in Vegas.  Not a huge selection of food, but all the food there is very good, not like the usual buffets where you can only really stomach a little of this or that.  Crab legs hot or cold? They give you both!  Hand them a plate of crab and they'll heat it up for you.  A little more pricey than I prefer to pay, but well worth it.  The seating is not so large that you feel like you're on a treck to get back and forth to your table either.  Go eat do a little shopping, beautiful hotel!
1	Starting off pretty pissed off because these six guys were able to cut the entire line by bribing the front desk person $20. And Aria's line person or the cashier were ok with it. When asked about it they were like "no they didn't give me any money, I didn't know they cut." Spoke to manager.Food is ok, generally its a crappier version of the M hotel buffet for more money.Service good.Line cutting horrible.Not worth the price, we were comp but it would have been $36 a person.  Definitely not worth it.
3	The lunch for 20 dollars is a steal....crab legs and solid buffet fare all around. People keep raving about the Bellagio and Wynn buffets which are solid, but why pay double for just a few more items you can't stuff in unless you develop that second stomach.Virtually no line because most people haven't figured out what Aria is about yet. A great deal if you're looking to fill up for the day.CAVEAT - if you're sensitive to shaking, (frequent grumbles from the train below) then you might get a little sick sitting here. My friend sure was. Can we say engineering FAIL.
1	So to start things off, we had to wait about 20 minutes in line to get into the buffet. I guess thats okay for vegas standards... but when we got in I was digging the layout and vibe they had going on. The waiter was prompt to greet us and brought us our drinks. My tip is to probably ask for two of whatever your drinking because there is a little bit of a delay at times. Now, in terms of presentation everything looked really good. However, the food did not taste as well as it looked. We went here for brunch so it was primarily breakfast foods and what not. The hash browns were disgusting... there was never pizza ready to be served, and if it was it looked like someone scraped the cheese off of it... the prime rib/ham was average... the asian section was lacking in terms of what they had to serve.... The asparagus beef was good [one of the few items that were good]. The eggs tasted like something you would find served at a homeless shelter. A big thing that I did not like was the fact that much of the food was served cold or barely warm. Also, my friend fought a fruit fly in his strawberries. I would however recommend the gelato, the strawberry/oreo ice cream was delicious. Couple of us got sick after eating here and felt horrible for the next few hours. Do yourself a favor and shell out the extra bucks and go to the Wynn buffet or Mirage buffet. Those are guaranteed winners, as this was the worst buffet I have ever been to.
2	I was kinda excited to come here.  I mean, it is a new Hotel with of course new slots, tables, places to check out and even a buffet!  Located on the 2nd floor, Aria really did good and the look of this buffet.  Very sleek, comfortable looking and feeling and very spacious.  Thats all the good i really have to say about this place.$20 for lunch buffet...The food selection isn't as great as I thought it would be.  The crab legs were cut in half and seasoned a little bit too much, the prime rib??? was juicy and tender.  Their pastas were a bit try tasting cuz i'm sure they were sitting out for sometime, the mussels were small, smaller than an actual dime.  The only yahoo moment was the raspberry cheesecake shot with a lemon syrup on it.  The service needs work..a lot.
5	My current favorite Las Vegas Buffet.  I pretty much liked whatever it was I added to my plate.
2	I've never been a fan of buffets and still haven't been very impressed with any of the buffets in Las Vegas. I admit that I'm picky, will only eat certain foods, and I really dislike the idea of my food sitting out for an extended period of time. I'd rate The Buffet a C-. There was no line, no flies, the alcohol menu wasn't outrageously priced, and the food was decent. I had beef (it got cold and try by the time I brought it to my table), green beans, orange chicken (again, cold), basmati rice, and flan (I think the caramel was burned because the caramel sauce was bitter). I was disappointed with how quickly my food got cold but whatever, it was all edible. I didn't go back for seconds either. I wasn't really into the selection of food they had out today and I think it takes more effort to screw up the taste of flan than making it taste good. The people I were with seemed to enjoy their food though. I don't think I'll return though, I didn't have the "wow factor". Oh, and I didn't like being seated with a view of the pool area. I don't want to look at people in swimwear while I'm eating, it can get quite unpleasant.
4	Surprise dinner here with my husband tonight. The dessert selection was absolutely spectactular  -- eat dessert first and then dinner.  I just indulged a tiny bit, sampling bites of a few things, but noticed they had Really inventive dessert selections.  Concoctions made of nutella and espresso, chocolate pudding cake studded with raspberries,   peanut butter pie and more.   Gelato selection. Bananas foster. Buffets are a challenge with my "Las Vegas Bootcamp" eating regime. This one had several good choices. Fish/shellfish/steak/chicken/turkey/lamb -- every protein imaginable plus some standout vegetable options (broccolini, mixed veggies and more) and sauces galore. A bit spendier than the average buffet, but this is Aria and it was worth it.  I didn't even eat much and found it well worth the price tag. My husband tried the Indian food and really enjoyed it as well.   Side note: The decaf tea and coffee was also better than I've had at buffets.  Awesome service too.
5	We only did breakfast but it was pretty fantastic for $14.95.   If you are staying at The Aria I highly recommend it.   LOTS of different foods were available and it was all good.
2	I've been here twice - once for lunch and once for dinner - and I really can't say it's good. For almost $40 for dinner (including tax), the food was very average. There was nothing that I thought was good, and I'm not even a picky eater. Maybe the creme brulee - but it was a little too sweet and the top could've been a little crunchier. Food was not served hot - by the time I start eating my plate they were barely warm. Garlic naan was pretty good, but a little greasy. Shrimp and crab legs were okay. They're having a lobster promotion now, but you only get half a lobster and it's pretty small. It didn't taste that great either.I wouldn't come back again for dinner..unless I was forced to.
4	the food was ah, watever. i think ill like the breakfast buffet a lot morebut! and this is a big ass butt!go for the desserts!!! they are sooo bangingthere is this Oreo shot and a coffee shotholy crap theyre like crack forget the meals, just eat that shiti wish i didnt force down a whole bunch of crab legswatever.  the sweets more than made up for the other grubo! there was also free wine!!!!! i drank and drank and dranki was drank all weekend, it was great!expect to pay like $40 for dinnerbut it comes with a half lobster and unlimited winedrink up!the servers are supercool , as usual vegas service staff its all about customer serviceask them any and all questions at any timeany vegas employee will guide ucheck out the 702 channel on yr hotel room TV and go experience some meals and nitelife
1	Let's make this review short and not-so-sweet.There were literally bugs in the salad (more than one).  Food ALL OVER the ground - it was filthy.When we complained to the manager there, he offered us $5.  We couldn't even get to the real food stations because of the filth, and he offered one person $5, not each of us.  Wow.I've heard this place has sanitary issues from a couple others as well.  Not cool!
2	Not sure how the Yelpers who visited Aria can give this place 4 to 5 stars. I came here for breakfast and dinner because it was comped.  Aria's buffet compared to Mandalay or the quick ride to Bellagio is terrible. THe interior designer of this buffet place is probably out of a job because the bland schemes look like a hospital cafeteria or a cheap road side buffet. There is no high turnover rate as the food has been steaming for hours. The beef (I think it was prime rib) was super dry even though the carving guy said it was not. The only thing I liked were the chips and salsa and desserts-hence the 2 star rating.
4	At $15.95 per head for breakfast, this is a very good value with so many options available. Choices are staggering, quality is very high. I haven't tried it for the other meals but I suspect I wouldn't have been disappointed. However wine list is minimal so if this is important for you and you're willing to pay a premium over the $40 price for dinner, pick another Aria restaurants. My rating is only for breakfast.
1	This buffet was an incredible ripoff. The prices are the norm for a Las Vegas buffet but the food was reminiscent of something you'd find in Hometown. I found that the problem was they tried to cover too much ground. There was mexican, asian, seafood, pizza, etc but only a small tiny section of each. Mexican: I think I saw 4 things in their section. Enchiladas and Mexican rice were what I remembered. Asian: Decently sized but incredibly random. They had a platter of kimchi with chilled tofu/cucumber salad on one side and purposely cold chicken noodles on the other.A few steps down from the asian section were cut up chunks of cheese and deli meat placed on a carving board. Pizza: I never bother with buffet pizza but my boyfriend said it was really bad. Seafood: Cocktail Shrimp and Crab Legs period. Dessert: I picked up a cookie labeled chocolate chip only to find that it had nuts in it. Disappointed look for me but imagine if someone with a nut allergy had picked that one up. But even besides that, the cookies were pretty gross. I'd have to say i've tasted better from the bakeries at Ralph's or Safeway. Those actually semi-taste home-made but these tasted like they came from cardboard or out of a factory.
3	Mostly ham, cheese, and bread. Most of the other food I probably could cook my own self. =(
1	I could not believe how bad this buffett was....and I am not hard to please.  My husband and I ate here for breakfast and it's the first buffett I walked away from where I only had one plate of food....that I didn't even finish.  The corned beef hash was atrocious, the potatoes were tasteless,  the coconut hasbrown was awful.  The cottage cheese didn't even taste fresh.  We had a voucher for a free buffett here that we were planning on saving for a dinner....but the food was so bad at breakfast - that we didn't come back.  I scoffed at the bad reviews thinking - how bad can it be?  Oh - it was bad.
2	I live in vegas so I have basically been to all of them. My mom and I decided to try the "Gourmet" buffet at Aria because it said they give a 1# lobster per table and we LOVE lobster! Lets just say the food was just average and the lobster we got was pretty cold and wasnt cleaned so it still had all the green yuck inside it which made us not eat it except the tail part. For $40 a person its just not worth it. The service we had was terrible and the "all u cand rink wine" is a joke u only get a choice of white or red wine. I go to M resorts buffet and get much better food and can choose an assortment of wines and beers all u can drink!
3	Went for Dinner for the Maine Lobster for 2 and unlimited Wine. almost $40 for dinnerMaine Lobster wasnt bad, but they cleared our table before I can tell them to stop. The Wine, only two choices, I got the White Wine. First time drinking Wine so I couldnt take advantage of the unlimited wine because I did not like how it tasted.Pretty small selections, seems as if there werent a lot of selections. I mostly ate the clams/mussels and they were DELICIOUS! They had the mini salad cup things next to the mussels and they were GOOD! well the one with the crumble cheese. The crab wasnt bad it was split in half so less hassle for us. Sushi was normal. Smoked salmon tasted like ham. The prime rib was pretty good. The custom made pasta need something im not sure what, but its cool how you can customize your own pasta.  Desserts, I loved how they had chocolate covered strawberries and creme brulee. Cookies werent bad, the mini cup desserts were good.wanted to try something new but would i come back? maybe for brunch probably there are better buffets out there.
3	It's a pretty good buffet. Not the best - the Bellagio still holds that honor IMHO - but certainly up there. The crab legs were exceptionally good. Everything else was just "good". It costs about the same as the other high end buffets but in general is not as crowded. Bottom line: If you are here at meal time and want a buffet it's good. Not the best but certainly not bad.  Other than that there's really not much to say...
3	I've only had breakfast and brunch here. Both times were pretty decent. The best thing I like about the buffet are that the staff are completely open to letting me peruse the food before I decided dining there. I think this buffet is pretty standard run of the mill buffets. Nothing stupendous about it, but the food is definitely fresh and there's a decent amount of food to choose from. Perhaps my favorite thing there was the creme strawberries and bananas. I'm sure they laced it with coke. There is no other explanation to pay $50 so I can get in to eat strawberries and bananas. The staff are friendly and wholesome. I say check out your choices of buffets before deciding to eat here, but you're staying in the hotel, this to me is clearly the most convenient choice.
3	This is not the best buffet I ever had. But I wasn't in the mood for paying $40 at the Wynn or Bellagio since I'm not a big eater. In contrast Aria buffet cost $27 which I thought had decent food. I enjoyed the snow crab and king crab which obviously tasted frozen. But what do you expect, Las Vegas is not Maine. The fish - halibut and salmon tasted overcooked and dry. I enjoyed the lamb which my friend claimed to taste too gamey for him. My friend also had an under cooked chicken, pink in the center, yuck!But the desserts were a delicious heaven, so many choices. If only I had more room. I recommend starting with the desserts!
4	I know Aria is the newest hotel in Las Vegas and so their buffet always has a long wait. I believe my party waited 30minutes before we actually got seated. The pricing is not bad, it's like regular buffet's in the bay area which makes it affordable for people. Lots to choose from, and they have crab legs and prime rib for the price they charge. They also offer unlimited mimosa's, it is Vegas...4 stars, because if it wasnt for the prime rib and crab and shrimp, it would be just like a regular buffet you see anywhere, only in Vegas.BUT, i would come back or maybe try other buffet's in Vegas.
4	I usually don't eat on "The Strip" unless relatives are in town. Last weekend was one of those exceptions. I had family that was staying at Aria so they invited my husband and I to eat with them at the buffet. We walked in late afternoon when they were still serving brunch items. While we were talking and eating they started changing everything out for dinner . I like that they don't kick you out when they start changing their menu selection like some buffets in town. Whenever I come here I like to load up on the Seaweed Salad because they make it really good. It has no weird after taste and the consistency reminds me of a thinner version of Angel Hair Pasta. The brisket was also very juicy and I liked that the crab legs are pre cut. The Shrimp Tempura is melt in your mouth delicious! I didn't wander near the dessert section but a lot of it was brought to the table by my cousins. It was all very fresh...there were no hard toasty cakes here!
2	I just read in the Wall Street Journal that Aria has reduced their Buffet budget by $200,000.  This explains the drastic difference of the food quality from the opening week to months later.http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304879604575582253270407576.html?mod=WSJ_business_LeftSecondHighlights
3	Sunday champagne brunch was nothing spectacular, but the quality was exceptional. There are too many other amazing choices in this town for locals, so I will probably not return.
3	I just went to the dinner buffet last week and that's the first time we tried Aria buffet. The prime rib and salmon weren't so good. And actually the one who served the prime rib was not courteous and I ended up complaining to the manager for that. I saw the chef cooking up a piece of prime rib for another customer but was reluctant to do so for me and my husband. I felt that his service wasn't consistent and impolite to us (while we were requesting nicely) so I had to complain to the manager. I understand it's a buffet, not a steak house, but service is still a matter regardless what kind of cuisine a restaurant is serving. So that's a big minus for us. The manager was very nice to help us out to get our prime rib grilled. We had to have the prime rib grilled because we don't eat rare or medium rare meat, and the prime rib was at most medium rare at the time we were eating there. And I think we got compensated by being charged for 1 person instead of 2 due to the unpleasant experience. So it's well resolved that way.The desserts are great though regardless the unpleasant experience with the prime rib chef. The desserts are great and I had a lot of them. The buffet description said they have the desserts from Jean Philippe Patisserie. So I ate alot of the desserts that seemed to be from Jean Philippe Patisserie (but I really couldn't tell which one was and which one wasn't).Anyway, it's good to at least try it once and see if we wanna go again. And we probably might not go there again for full price. I do like the dessert but I think I would rather just get them from Jean Philippe Patisserie downstairs, probably cost less that way and still satisfy my craving for Jean Philippe Patisserie desserts.
3	@ $50/person, I expected more for their dinner buffet.  You only got one lobster portion, and the rest of the foods were good, but nothing special.  Things were fresh, and there were people there to serve you up with whatever it was that you needed.  Their red and white wine selections that came with the meal were simple, and once again, nothing jumped out at me.  The only thing I enjoyed was the lamb...The only thing I do remember jumping out at me were the little cups filled with an oreo chocolate cream/mousse kind of thing.  I'd prepare a tub full of it and consume face-first if I could...We should have went to the Bellagio's buffet...=(
2	SERIOUSLY not worth your time (went for lunch, $25).It's like a really shitty college cafeteria (with no hot college girls and middle America in their place).We all agreed everything we had in there was sub-par at best. I was too sketched out to eat the fish. The hashbrowns tasted microwaved, the bread was gross, the breakfast burritos were legit from TBell (red tortilla), etc. etc. The Ice cream/gelato was the best thing they had. In fact, if you like all you can eat ice cream/gelato, I'd check it out. In my opinion you might as well spend $10-15 more for the EPICness which is the Wynn buffet.
4	The hubby & I stayed @ Aria in late September.  We hit up the buffet for breakfast, price wasn't too bad (you're in Vegas, everything is pricey anyway).  I don't know what they put in their French Toast but we were hooked after one bite, it was THAT good.  They had a great selection of food but all I remember was the french toast. Customer service was prompt and friendly.
2	It's not particularly worth your time or money for the brunch buffet. The service is atrociously slow, and the food is hit or miss. It all looks ordinary, even like cafeteria or diner food, and some of it really does taste like that. The few dishes I enjoyed the most, like the scrambled eggs, were really delicious but not worth the trek over from the Strip, let alone the price. Go to Wynn buffet instead.
5	went for lunch, paid 21 and change (on a monday) which was AWESOME.  they have made to order omelettes that are delicious.  i asked a guy if they had potatoes and he went to the back and brought out hashbrowns for me even though they weren't serving them!  they don't differentiate between "lunch" and "dinner" food either so my bf was eating crab for lunch AND LOTS of it... he was incredibly happy with how fresh it was.  the servers are incredibly nice and helpful and there's enough variety even for a vegetarian!  we were both very pleased :)
4	I went to the Brunch Buffet.I filled up one plate with bacon.I filled up one plate with slices of tri-tip.I had another plate of corned beef hash, hash browns, and scrambled eggs.I also paid $30, so I got the bottomless champagne/mimosas. Got 10 refills.They had other stuff. I didn't have room.
2	don't waste your money on the dinner buffetThe lobster was the size of bigger crayfish. There were plenty crab leggs and shrimps but nothing tasty.   The wine was horrible.  After havign 2 glasses everything tasted the same.  I don't think the waitress was happy if you sat at your table for more than an hour.  bottom line don't waste your money on buffet.  It would be better to spend a little more on an ordered menu in a nicer restaurant.  Aria hotel room was very nice but paying resort fee but not getting free wifi and use of the gym were the down side and we will not stay there again.
2	um no thanks. expensive and not worth it. don't waste your money on this buffet-- the food selection was boring and mostly flavorless in my opinion, I would rather pay the same price for one exciting meal at a restaurant. upside though...bottomless mimosas/champagne for an additional charge.
4	I really like the buffet at Aria.  It certainly isn't the largest buffet, but it has a certain charm as a brunch buffet.  The crab legs definitely helped my disposition after a long night at the tables in Vegas but the desserts probably put me over the top.  We had a very friendly Korean-born waitress who made sure our drinks and everything else was topped-off and ready to go.  Yay! I'm a fan.
4	If one desires to go to a Las Vegas buffet, this is the place, The interior design is thoroughly modern; no silk flowers, towering sculptures of fake flowers, clowns, or pillows to be seen. Their dinner buffet comes with a no name wine (chardonnay or Merlot) and lobster (declined...why get lobster in Vegas when I live in New England?). The prime rib was rare, something unattainable at the Wynn. There were some duds (bland veggies and over cooked veal) but a cornucopia of food awaits. I thought the desserts were rather good, especially considering the industrial food production behind the scenes. Finally, it was not insanely crowded as some of the other buffets (Caesars comes to mind). So, if you are in Vegas to imbibe in a bit of old fashioned gluttony, do it in style at Aria.
1	I'm pretty confident that the Aria buffet has solidified my idea that big name Vegas buffets totally aren't worth it.A friend of a friend suggested that, "Duuude. the Aria brunch buffet is sick brah, for real." So we wrangled up all 11 of the troops and dragged our butts across the street, in the rain and cold, up and down those annoying Vegas hanging walkways...only to pay $30 for a barebones sad-ass buffet.Ok, heads up here. These people charge an automatic 18% gratuity on parties larger than 9. Don't get hosed like we did and split your group in half. All they're going to do is push together two tables of 5! Why are we tipping them anyhow when we're doing all the footwork of bringing the food to the table? Be careful, they'll also try to con you into buying the champagne brunch...they don't tell you that the alcohol is an extra $7 charge.Food was kind of on par with Mc. Donald's. Textures were off, proteins were crazy dry. Hash browns suck...and were chewy. And don't you dare touch that sushi! Day old sushi does not a buffet make! The only thing i thoroughly enjoyed was the lovely fluffy waffles and maple syrup. Okay, let's be serious here, Aria: you can't slap the label "GELATO" on tubs of generic ice cream. Don't you dare put nuts in apple pie, either! BLASPHEMY!I feel cheated. I feel like this should get zero stars...but it should get a Bonus star for having a gorgeous hotel to walk through to compensate for a less-than-stellar experience.
3	Decor = NEW nice and clean.  Good number of seating.  The food counter wraps the seating area.  It makes it easier to get food and not run into people (like Paris)Service = Disappointed.  :(  Our waiter behave as if we owe him or something. poor poor service.   They will add 18% to your large table.Food/Drinks = Lunch has crabs (all cut) :) Good amount of selection. Desserts look good.  Gelatos too!!!  yum  Value =  $15.99 breakfast M-F, $23.99? for Sat and Sun.  pp before tax/tips  Average for buffet in LV.Kid Friendly =OK...Recommendation = Try it if you are new in town.  Better than Paris but not as good as Bellagio's. :)
3	One of the better tasting buffets that I have tried in my lifetime. They had a pretty good selection of food and desserts. If you see a dessert you like before you even started eating, just grab it!! I saw delicious looking creme brulee and by the time I went back after I finished my food, there were no more :(I don't usually eat crab legs, but since I payed so much for the buffet I thought I might as well give it a shot. I liked how they had the legs cut open already so it was easy to pick the meat out with a fork. The meat was sweet and tender :) it was delicious with some lemon juice and butter! I'm glad I gave it a chance.Had to pay around $36 for the Holiday Dinner price since I came here on Thanksgiving. Pricey. But way more worth it the Cafe Vettro located in Aria also. I think the server for my table sucked. She brought us our drinks and everyone else at my table had a straw for their drink except for me. I asked her kindly for a straw and she handed me a straw that was in a Coke.... she handed it to me while it was still dripping with Coke and I just looked really disgusted as I grabbed it. She probably realized she shouldn't have done that after she saw my face and she quickly grabbed it away from me again. I don't know what she was thinking.
2	For a $30+ buffet meal, I really expected the buffet at Aria to be on par with that of wynn's or bellagio's.  Based on my yelp rating, you can see that was not the case.  Overall, a  very forgettable buffet experience.  If you have more than $30 dollars to spend, you should take that money to a different buffet.
3	As Las Vegas buffets go, it's OK. My most recent visit to Aria included two comp buffets, so it was a good deal. But it would have cost almost $80 for two of us on a Friday night - that would not have been worth it.Service was good - waitress greeted us with a smile and was usually pretty available - or her counterpart was. Never wanted for beverages.For the size of their buffet area, the selection is somewhat small. It's really best to walk through the whole thing first to determine what you want for dinner. Good sushi, decent desserts - but not too much stands out there. My brother loved this place - preferred it over Bellagio. I disagree.
5	This buffet was great. It had everything. Many differnt types of sausage, waffles, Korean food, Indian food, Crab Legs etc. It didn't have everything under the sun, but everything was very light and healthy and not greasy or stale. Very good taste. And we stayed for hours and they didn't care. We lounged for 4 hours and ate multiple times. The bottomless mimosas are the bomb! Do a body good and eat here.
2	In this day and age people accuse people of being entitled-well if expecting to get a good amount of food that was at some relative quality for $30 at dinner-then I am one seriously entitled person.People seem to be maximizing by eating a shitload of crab but I don't like crab so...there you go.
4	Along with our complimentary stay at the hotel, we also got complimentary buffet at the Aria!I think it's pretty overpriced, but who cares, I got comp! The food is pretty delicious! Not much selection as most buffets but it will do!The prime rib was very tender and juicy.Carb legs were sweet and juicy!The lobster was "okay"The sautee veggies were amazing! Have a lot of taste to it! I didn't get to try the desserts as my hubby made me stay away from it lol.
5	I actually enjoyed the buffet here.  I was a little apprehensive because of all of the mediocre reviews in here but I thought it was great!  I've eaten at many buffets in Vegas over the years including Rio's Seafood Buffet, Paris, PH Spice Market Buffet, Bellagio Buffet, Mirage, Wynn, ti, Main Street Station, etc...lol, I guess I'm no novice when it comes to buffets out here.Anyway, it's a Saturday night and we got there at about 6pm.  i expected to have about a 30 min or so wait but there was no wait.  The place was about 3/4 full.They had a good assortment of dishes including Alaskan king crab, snow crab, salmon sushi, smoked salmon, rolls, Indian food (garlic naan, vegetable curry, etc.), chinese food, soup, prime rib, lamb, pizza, etc.The dessert section was excellent.  I loved the flan, gelato, cookies, etc.I think the quality was good because there was a good number of people eating so they were turning over the food pretty quickly.  At the same time, it wasn't so packed that you had to wait a long time or other people would take all of the good stuff as soon as it comes out.  In short, it was great.Each person gets 1/2 of a lobster and the size and quality was pretty good for that as well.I liked this experience more than the Wynn or Bellagio which are the 2 other notable comps.
4	This place was OK at best.Went here on a friday to check the place out (only looked outside). And the family decided to check this place out the next day(saturday). Then came Saturday and was super excited to check this buffet out because of how Aria portrayed itself, and the pricing being $35/person(approx?), we were hoping the best of the best. If anyone of you have seen Aria, you know what I'm talking about. You enter into the casino and it's extremely modern, just the way I like it and the atmosphere is like none other casino. Anywho, back to the The Buffet @ Aria. We were greeted and seated really quickly with no line on a saturday(which was something I found really odd). They offered us each 1/2 a lobster(why not a full?) and I was a bit disappointed in that, but the taste of the lobster was AAA quality! It was really sweet and cooked perfectly(at least mine was)...THE FOOD: King crab legs and Alaskan king crab legs were a bit too much on the salty side. Taste was really plain and I was a bit disappointed to say that I HAVE HAD BETTER AT THE RIO AT RENO.. RENO? yea, RENO!!! The roast beef was delish and as well as garlic steamed clams+mussels. I believe these are the only things that were actually good IMO.The GOOD: Free Chardonnay/Merlot Wine (unlimited refills) on the weekends!The BAD: 1/2 a lobster? SERIOUSLY? Only good thing mentioned has been mentioned..OVERALL: Not the crappiest buffet I ever been to, but definitely not the best. Better than average so I give it a 3.75 stars!WOULD I COME BACK? NOPE. I'm sure I like MGM's buffet better... SAD, I know.
2	FIrst off, I would like to say, that this is my second time at the buffet at Aria.  I went to try it out a few days after the resort opened.  My initial experience would be rated a zero-star, but unfortunately Yelp won't let me be that unforgiving.  So, I would have rated it one star.  The food and service was as ugly as it gets.  Food tasted a day old.  The server couldn't do a simple task of refilling beverages.  Luckily, the manager was kind enough to refund my thirty-eight dollars.  I told myself that I would come back after a good amount of time, so they could take their one star ratings, and turn them into fives.And now, I am back a year later.  The service is the same. Surprisingly, the food improved just enough to give them an extra star difference!  Come on, Aria.  Do you really want to market yourself as the center of Las Vegas, when you can't do a buffet correctly?  Yeah you have crab legs, but even the Mcdonalds of buffets have them these days.  You may have already lost this one to Cosmopolitan.  Cheaper, and better. I recommend trying out Wicked Spoon.  It's worth the extra walk if you're staying at Aria.
1	So many variety of food, only 20% of them are good. Dessert selections are so limited.Waitress was horrible when giving us drinks and the promotional lobster. Poorly trained staff.Won't give it another chance unless it's free. I'd rather go to Studio B Buffet at M Resort.
3	The buffet here is just average. I for one would say that the Wynn or Treasure Island does a better buffet. There's the standard fare here - snow crab legs, prime rib, omelette bar, ice creams, etc, but there was nothing that stood out to me and said "I want to come here". The waitress refilled drinks reasonably quickly and plates were removed faster enough as well. But...don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
4	Loved it! Went here for Saturday lunch and Sunday night dinner.  The selection isn't huge like other LV buffets, but the quality is very good. Nice ambience, good service. What really blew me away was the quality of the desserts.  I'm usually not impressed with the desserts at buffets because they typically have no flavor.  These were the best desserts I've had at a buffet.  I also read that the desserts were supplied by Jean Philippe, same guy who has the patisserie in the Aria lobby area.  So that's probably why they were so good.Great selection of seafood. Lobster was nice too, including selection of lobster ravioli and lobster sandwiches on Sunday night.  We will return.
5	This rating is only for the dinner buffet which is the one I now always go to everytime I'm in Vegas! As someone who goes to buffets only for the seafood the seafood here is excellent for the money. Gigantic shrimp, crablegs, lobster and the best salmon of all the buffets imo. The other nice thing is since it's tucked away on the second-floor of Aria there are usually no long lines like at Bellagio. Going back for New year's!
4	Buffet's are kind of hard to write a pro/con table for but i'll try my best, fitting different foods into the lists.Pros:-Very clean, ample light, new -Unlimited crab legs and smoked salmon (I think I could have just eaten an entire lunch of these). Although the crab legs were a tad salty in my opinion-DESERTS, where do I start? Every desert, aside from the Creme Brule was spectacular. I especially enjoyed the extra strong mocha icecream and the strawberry cheese cake. My sister had the German chocolate cake which she said was equally as good. -The tofu spinach soup was really good, too bad I added too much Sriracha for my tastebuds to handle-Make your own pasta bar: say your combination of sauce and toppings and they whip you up a fresh bowl of hot pasta-The lines inside were nonexistent even though we came it at 12:30-Waitress bussing the drinks was very polite and quick at clearing out unwanted dishesCons:-Drink selection is sort of limited or not properly advertised-$20/person for lunch is a little steep but it's Vegas, everything is expensive...-Some of the food seemed oversalted, i don't know if this is their way of making it keep longer but I found the chicken salad too salty to handle.
1	For all appearances, it looks good.We literally fasted from breakfast so we could have an early dinner at the Buffet - Husband and I both ended up with the worst (*crab smelling*) upset stomach ever.The crab/shrimp were previously frozen, very watery, bland and - BAD. The only thing the husband and I both ate (and a small quantity) and both are 100% certain we got sick from. We eat a LOT of seafood and know some serious quality when we find it.I'm not saying that the seafood at this buffet is always bad - but this was enough the first time so we wont be back and advise others to think twice before eating here.Cant remember anything else about this buffet apart from the fact we got the sh*ts!
4	I went to Las Vegas in the past weekend (24-26/12). I spent 1.5 hours standing on the line for this buffet. The food quality is very good comparing with other famous buffet on the Strip, like Wynn (one of favor). However, the price is kind of pricy ($39.99). You can find king crab legs, prime rib, soft sheel crab, homemade ice-cream, ... . The buffet is including juice, sode, red and white.  Food highlight: King Crab legs (outside over $30 per lbs), prime rib.
4	We paid $39.99 for the half lobster and unlimited wine dinner buffet. Definitely better than the Rio buffet. The food seems to be of better quality and appropriately seasoned, not bland or not too salty. They had Asian dishes, prime rib, pasta made to order, crab legs, salad bar, and other stuff I don't remember because I was kinda buzzin'. The only thing I didn't like was the pasta. I ordered a spaghetti Alfredo and It was on the bland side, even though the chef added Parmesan cheese. The dessert table is probably the best I've seen at any buffet. The flan and strawberry cheesecake were delicious. I wolfed both down even though I was still full.
1	The ambiance is nice, the food is good (and the crab legs were sweet and pre-cut to you could drop the juicy crab into your mouth without any work.) The 1 star is because of the management. The service gets 2 stars (why is it that when you have all you can drink champagne that you NEVER see the waiter!)recap:Management: 1 starService: 2 starsFood: 4 starsDeserts: 5 starsWe paid $23 for the Weekend Brunch (Sat & Sun 7am-4pm). It's a great food value and for another $7 you can get all-you-can-drink champagne or Bloody Mary's. Here's the problem with The Buffet at Aria--the management is terrible and the service is mediocre. When we paid (as we walked in) we were asked by the cashier if we wanted the champagne or Bloody Mary's and a few of us were trying to decide what mood we were in. The cashier said: "You can choose now, and change your mind later." I'm sure she was trying to keep the line going.A problem occurred when a few of us "changed our minds" at the table and the waiter said "No." We had to stick with what we originally ordered.What? We explained that the cashier told us we could change our minds and the waiter again insisted that that was "the rule" and there would be no exceptions. No exceptions. (This phrase was uttered to me six times in the next 20 minutes)We protested until it became uncomfortable and then I asked for the manager.Again, we just wanted to switch our drink order from Bloody Mary to champagne. The manager arrived and told us many people want to "switch" and it is not allowed. We explained that the cashier told us we could. And she insisted that we couldn't. We were a table of 8, and it became uncomfortable, and so many of our friends said: "that's ok...we'll just have the Bloody Mary. Or: you can have my champagne." At some level everyone just wanted to keep the peace. I informed the woman she was a very poor manager because while I understood the "no switch rule", she should stand by her employee's word. (The cashier said we could switch!)Her retort was that the cashier's were part-time employees and they didn't know what they were taking about, and she wouldn't "honor" their word.In the end, after an uncomfortable and lengthy confrontation, the manager let one person switch (and warned us that she couldn't switch back.) It was ridiculous and unacceptable behavior from a manager and I was shocked. Aria should be ashamed.
4	The alaskan king crab legs were great this time.  They weren't frozen and salty like the time before.  The prime rib, however, was overcooked.  Gotta thank the poker room for comped dinners.
2	My friends and I wound up eating here 3 days in a row because we were staying in the hotel and everything was comped for us, so I'm not exactly sure of the price. I think it was around $35 for dinner which I did not think was fair because their selection was so small.  I would say that there are much better buffets on the strip but Aria buffet is still better than the really bad ones like Ceaser's Palace's buffet.  But still I've had better food at buffets off the strip.  It is very fancy though, we were each served wine and half of a lobster which was fine but I was bothered by the black clumps that were not cleaned from our lobsters.  It's a nice restaurant but it is still typical for a buffet.  I can't say anything was memorable about this place other than the decor.  Service was kind of shoddy also, they expect tips but they don't provide excellent service.
3	Had breakfast buffet twice here during a recent stay. They offer a wide range of cuisines - from American-style to Chinese foods (though, it wasn't very Chinese-y). Overall, the food quality was pretty good, but for the price ($23-$28), it is a bit pricey.The staff was pretty decent - the waiters were pretty prompt with refilling your drinks. The dining room looks out to the pool. Depending on who's swimming out there, could be a nice view, or it could cause you to lose your appetite. ;)
3	Food was just alright. Nothing special. Service was ok. King crab legs were frozen. Carving station chef needed attitude adjustment. Overall probably wouldn't be back for how much they charge.
5	I think this is the best buffet in all of Vegas, at least at any of the hotels.We stayed at the Aria, so going to their buffet was as easy as walking. Huh.Now I have seen 2 and 3 stars here for this place.If you can't spend $27 on dinner or don't like upscale food, its not the place for you. I can only say that the food taste like a gourmet restaurant, rather then your run of the mill buffets, don't get me wrong, I love Spice Market Buffet and the likes, but the Aria is a step above.They may not have as many dishes as the other, but what they lack in quantity they make up for in quality! Did I say that out loud?I never, I say never go for quality over quantity, but the Aria is worth it.We don't like fru fru foo foo restaurants, and this is not. Even my wife likes it. For that to come our of her mouth (the words,  not the food) is saying something.OH, BTW, the pictures of the crab legs are making me hungry right now. I never order crab legs at a restaurant, but when I'm in Vegas, I get my fill of shell fish for the entire year. They are the largest I have seen at a buffet.But be warned, they may charge more on the weekends, as some do, as they have lobster on those nights.
2	This place sucks. Food is ok but the people sucks. I had three empty plates but kickin it on the table waiting for someone to take it. They walked by me five times on my second plate. I should have went to the bigger buffets
3	Loved the style of the place, typical Vegas service though, always replacing your drink a bit too often... even after it being half full *sigh*Crab legs were not up to Vegas standards though... they had been cut in half and were pre-buttered... I know the convenience of having crab legs pre-cut benefits those who cannot open crab legs. I like to argue that part of the experience of crab legs is to open them up.
4	Im not a buffet person at all. But the friend I was with wanted buffet and their specialty ( or so they claim) is that its a seafood buffet, with option of unlimited champagne ( insert large smile here)I think that for the price $24 with champagne $31. its great, for those of you that can't spend $24 on buffet at vegas, I don't think you should be in vegas. Or eat at buffalo bill's or its called bills now I think, whatever you get the idea. There is somewhat a variety, to be honest I really just loved the champagne.Some of the food was good, the only thing I had that I really thought was ridiculous was some sort of meat that was so dry , I couldn't eat it. The other thing I really thought was great that there was a ton of breakfast options, given the time that my friend I went there, it seems maybe they do breakfast all day. Eggs with hollaindase, regular eggs, potatoes,bacon, sausage, pancakes, etc...overall the experience was fairly good, there are many options for different taste of people and there's dessert ( another star),gelato. Not sure what the new obsession with gelato is , but it seems to be in every corner in vegas, well at least in the more upscale hotels. Are they trying to pretend you're in Italy , I don't know.
5	I don't know why this place got a 3 stars, but I'm giving it a 5!I'm not a buffet person, but this buffet surely surprised me. For 30 bucks it was unlimited of yumminess!The meat (which I judge really hard on, considering my background) was tender, VERY TENDER. It was easy to cut, and easy to choose. I had NO complaining.They make the kind of pasta you want. The drinks (soda, raspberry tea, etc) are for FREE (well, with your meal, but free refills!. I know it sounds silly but there ARE places where they don't give you that option)  They had king crab, asian food, salad, etc etc. I thought they made the asian food non-salty though, which was a plus for me. They just have so much to offer! We sat there for 3 hrs and ate so much. I was truly satisfied. Oh, and if you must know, the bathrooms are clean!!!The staff was extra extra nice. You can do the valet parking at arias and just provide tips. OH! and a BIG bonus for me was that they actually SCOOP the icecream FOR ME!! :] This ain't some lame icecream either...it tasted homemade. Oh, and their flan was delish. I went back to my hotel, SATISFIED. Now I wish I could go back :[
3	The food is adequate for a Strip restaurant buffet... but why is it that most all buffets (even in upper end resorts) have all the style and atmosphere of a average mid-city cafeteria... (and at Aria even more so).At some of the most gorgeous properties in town, where no upscale detail is spared... why is it not possible to make the dining experience more than what's being offered... (guess the philosophy is feed em quick, and get em back out in the casino... nothing more).
3	Had breakfast here for $15.95 per person and convinced my wife that for the amount to eat at a cafe or coffee bar was going to be as expensive.  I really can't complain since they had an omelet bar, and the best hash browns ever.  We had refills on coffee and OJ and although there was no Salmon and only whitefish everything was aok.
3	The food was so so. I had better. The dessert section is quite lovely though. They had almost everything including 4-5 different types of ice cream. I am a sucker for ice cream!
2	Unfulfilled and dissatisfaction would probably best sum up my experience Sunday night at the Aria Buffet's signature "gourmet dinner". It is unfortunate that a property such as the Aria would fail to have a buffet that matched it's elegance and stature.Expect to pay around 37 dollars for  Sunday night's special gourmet dinner (I'm assuming the price is the same for Friday and Saturday nights as well).  I found the selection to be rather limited ... for this price I expected much much more.  Prime rib was decent ... though it was immediately canceled out by the second-rate lamb sharing it's carving station with.  Crab legs were decent but certainly nothing to write home about ... the rest of the selection were pretty mediocre at best.  Certainly not enough fresh fish selection the likes you would expect at say the Bellagio.The gourmet dinner also included wine which is a nice touch ... unfortunately the only red available is a Merlot (and as you guess ... I'm not really a huge fan of the Merlot ... but I'm  not holding that against them - it's the thought that counts).  The dinner also provides for "one Maine lobster" per person .... however, I was not told that this "Maine lobster" would be a teenage lobster at best.  In fact, I'm pretty certain that this lobster had just got done asking it's parents for it's first iPod Touch before being plucked from the ocean's floor and served at my table.  Had I known in advance I would have spared his life and came back for him a year later.The buffet did have some delightful naan bread (Aria boasts the only tandoori oven available at a Vegas buffet) ... however the curry that accompanied it was a bit pedestrian.  The lone bright spot for me was the dessert - it was certainly the highlight of the entire meal.I feel horrible writing such a scathing review for a meal that I didn't even pay for (it was comped by the hotel ... though later returned to the casino via the craps table).  However, for the price they are charging I feel that there are certainly much better options available.  Picking this buffet is like getting two face cards in black jack only for the dealer to beat you by having 21 - you expected to win ... but in the end ... reality kicks in.
3	What's a trip to Vegas without an all you can eat buffet?  (Insert random Vegas joke of your liking here.)$24 brunch, $31 unlimited champagne or bloody marys on a Saturday morning.  Considerably less selection than most other high end hotel buffets, but I agree with Jonathan W in that you'll pay twice as much at Wynn and Bellagio and most likely won't eat double the food. This place is just enough. They had all the usual buffet meats...prime rib, ham, turkey, etc. and also had chicken rope sausage that was pretty darn good.  No wait for Saturday brunch.  Oh yes... +1 star.Excellent service.  Quick turnaround.  No stack of empty plates on our table.  Champagne filled before it was empty.  Oh heck yes.... +1 star.Really decent crab legs.  I'm not the type that loads 10 plates with only crab legs and doesn't eat anything else, but I had a few, and they were pretty tasty.  Fresh, and pre-split.  Oh hell yay-a...+1 more star. Desserts...fuggedaboutit.  I had a scoop of butterfinger gelato and that was it.  It may have been an off day, but considering I'm a dessert whore, you know there was something wrong if that was all I walked away with.
2	It's a great hotel...so why shouldn't it have a good buffet?I was sorely disappointed. This buffet lacked selections. They tried to be different and unique, but they fail miserably. Every dish at the Aria Buffet tried to be a little bit different than your traditional Las Vegas buffet. So it sets up the expectation for more refined flavors and quality. Well, The Indian station is interesting, but the flavors were unauthentic. The Chinese station was terrible...I'd rather eat at Panda Express! The Sushi station...ummm, I almost missed the 4 types of very ordinary and cheap rolls (and there was so much rice in the sushi that you could hardly tell it was sushi!). The "sage" rotisserie chicken had no flavor. The smoked pork chop was humongous...but had very little smoke flavor.The crab legs were good, but the melted butter had no flavor. The prime rib was good (and rare!), but the whipped horseradish was terrible...there were clumps of cream...and I had to use my fork to break up the cream and mix with the pure horseradish. Really???The desserts really piqued my interest, and since I didn't gorge on the savory items like I usually do at buffets...I had plenty of room for dessert! So here's my rundown:-Gelato was great, but such a limited selection.-Creme Brulee was delicious!-Cheesecake was not rich enough nor was the crust hearty enough.-Sugar-free Chocolate Cake was decent...but couldn't they use some Splenda?-Cookies were so-so...I've had better at cheaper buffets. The service was standard buffet service...not impressive. For a hotel like Aria, I certainly expected this to be a much better experience. I can easily find a better meal in Vegas for $27.99!
4	The food was really good.  We caught the tail end of lunch and got to try the dinner menu.  Totally different selections which was nice.  We ended up staying there for four hours chatting and eating away.  I was sooo stuffed.  The desserts were totally a hit and miss.  There was also an awkward view of the pool from the dining area.
4	Maybe I just came at a really good time, but this was the best buffet experience that I've ever had in Las Vegas. There were no lines and there was an abundant amount of Crab Legs just waiting for me. Get them steamed and they're 100 times more tastier. That pretty much makes this place the great buffet it is.It wasn't busy and about everything I ate was flavorful. Service was quick and the price was a steal ($20).This is the buffet you should go to in Las Vegas.In the future, maybe this will change? Who knows. Oh well. At least for now, this place ranks the best in my book.
5	hands down the best buffet in vegas, if you love crab legs and champagne its a win win you just cant lose
4	I had the Breakfast Buffet here on my last day in Vegas.  It's a bit pricier than what I wanted to pay for breakfast ($23 + tip), but if you're hungry enough in the morning, it can be worth it.  They have virtually every breakfast item you can think of (omelette station, corned beef hash, eggs benedict, yogurt, fruit, crepes, etc.)  But what was surprising is that they also had food normally associated with lunch/dinner.  They had decent-sized crab legs and the largest, peeled boiled shrimp I've seen!
2	I have to agree with Herbie H. Review. I love the Aria but they have to take their buffet up another notch. The selection was so so and the taste was lacking. It also gave me a school cafeteria feel that I hated so much back  in highschool. So that's why I give this place a sorry 2 star.
3	Great service with plenty of staff who are very friendly. We tried both the brunch and dinner buffet. To make it more simple:Dinner:$38/person on a Saturday night. Includes choice of wine and a lobster. Wide selection of food. To name a few:- snow crab legs, alaskan crab legs, shrimp cocktail- salmon sushi, spicy salmon rolls- prime rib, roasted lamb- pizza, pasta- chinese food- variety of different ice cream flavors and toppings- creme bruleeBrunch:$26/person- crab legs and shrimp cocktail- roast beef, ham, sausage carving stations- italian sausage, bacon, eggs benedict- pizza- fruits...and much more Not that impressed with the brunch. I ended up with the stomach flu a few hours after having the brunch buffet. I felt sick for a few days. The dinner was well worth it to me though.
5	For some reason people are giving this place hard knocks.  I went there and absolutely loved it.  On the weekends there is an awesome gourmet menu with stuff like crab legs, venison, duck, steak, ect.  You name it they have it.  And who couldn't love the bottomless white and red wine???  Plus, every table gets a lobster tail.  I think that alone would make this a great buffet.  Anyway, I always come empty and leave full and a little too tipsy.I have also been to the brunch buffet.  Not quite as good, but still pretty great with bottomless chamagne and a huge selection.
3	We opted for the $35 buffet plus unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's. This place is ran poorly but the deal is unbeatable.  $35 buffet plus bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's.
5	Food, food, and more food !!!   Ate here for Saturday brunch ($23.95 each).  Great selection of different cuisine (American, Asian, Mexican, Greek).  add $7 to your brunch for all you can drink champagne and mimosas.  Got my grub on with mouth watering cuts of beef top round, turkey breast, and gourmet side dishes.Desserts are yummy, with creme brulee, "exotic" bananas foster, and many more.Wait staff is friendly (but one waiter forgot my hot water, and had to be reminded..........minor complaint, but it happens).Restrooms are decorated well and very clean.Can't wait to come back ................
1	it really says something if there's no line on a saturday nite at a buffet.  THE Buffet at aria really sucked.  there's no varieties there and the food is forgettable.  if there's no variety, at least have something there dat u wud say "wow, dat's good".  however, the buffet has no such food.  their crab legs r small n too salty.  the shrimp cocktail is soggy, n their main attraction, lobster, is overcooked.  not to mention it didn't come for at least 45 min after i sat down.  after the 1st round, i struggled to find anything i wanna hv to get seconds for.  their desserts r ok, i guess, but for $37 a pop, i wud expect more than ok desserts.  i'm just glad it was comp by aria.  on the other hand, go to cosmopolitan if ur a dessert person. also, their buffet beats aria hands down n twice on sundays.
2	We went for sunday brunch , i like the fact they open at 7am, i figure everyone still sleeping nursing late night hangovers. I was right at 7 am only a handful of us old folks in line. . The buffet was very limited and not many items. For about 25 bucks a head you should get more. The hot foods were mostly breakfast items what happend to the lunch part of brunch. Very sad. Everthing was fresh as it should be since we were their early. Still can't believe a beautiful casino , ' upscale" would have a brunch that was so simple. Spend a few more bucks and go to wynn, or bellagio.  Service was fine.
2	Since I spent my last trip in Vegas staying at the Aria, I figured I might as well check out their buffet for dinner one night.  Overall, there is not much to say- it was a good buffet, but for Vegas it seemed pretty standard and was nothing special (note: I did go on a Monday night and have heard that weekends might be better).For the most part, the food I had was good.  I spent most of my time downing roast beef, shrimp, and snow crab legs.  I also tried a variety of pastas, pizzas and other dishes.  But again, although all of it was good and tasty, none of it was special enough to say it was really amazing.  On the service side of things, the wait staff was a little slow at first, but as the meal went on it seemed to pick up a bit, so I'm not sure there's really anything to complain about.In essence, the Aria buffet was simply unremarkable.  I don't really have anything bad to say, but I don't really have anything good to say either.  In Vegas, I would expect better.
3	The Aria is one of the nicest casinos in vegas. I have lived in las vegas for twenty years now and have tried them all. I walked into the buffet and it was beautiful, especially where they sat us facing the pool and garden area. The silverware, glasses and the dessert plate where those of a gourmet restaurant. The shrimp where excellent and the crab legs where just ok. I got there for lunch at 3.30 and dinner started at 4.00, so i took my time to see what new food they would put out. The only thing that changed were the crab legs went from snow crab to king crab. The snow crab were much tastier as the king crab legs were very small and dried out. As i searched for food they had nothing much to choose from.The salad bar was very limited but the desserts were very nice. The service was very good. Lunch was 20.00 and if your into eating alot of real good firm shrimp it's worth it, but i will never return.
4	this was my first las vegas buffet experience. crab, shrimp, tons of fresh veggies. I had no idea they were this good!
5	I LOVED THIS BUFFET, pretty funny because its buffet food, but this was delicious buffet food. I ant say enough good things about the biscuits and gravy, very classic. This is a great deal, if your staying at the Aria a must!
1	WTH. For being in such a nice hotel, you'd expect the buffet to be just as opulent. But, it's like some random buffet.In fact, for the price you pay, I'd rather go to "those" kinda buffets for half the price....at least, you're not expecting much.I went for brunch. And maybe, I'm an idiot but, they should serve BRUNCH. All the brunch I really saw was the breakfast foods, eggs benedict, and mimosas.The Chinese food was HORRIBLE. Might as well go to Panda Express but, the difference is Panda's beef broccoli tastes good. The broccoli wasn't fully cooked and the beef was cooked too much....practically fried.Sushi sucked. Although what can you really expect from buffet sushi, right. Pizza sucked. I'd rather have those frozen pizzas you make at home!Even the desert bar wasn't too crackin'...I mean, you have all the flavors of ice cream/yogurt/whatevs BUT, CHOCOLATE. Ughhh, fail. You gotta have chocolate...it's a staple!I normally take pics of the food for the sake of my Yelp...but, this wasn't worth the time.
4	I have dined here twice for DINNER, on two separate occasions, and I must say I am a fan. Who wouldn't want complimentary lobster and wine! Sure the Merlot, which is my choosing, is a teeny wee bit on the dry side, it still is good. Their crab legs are definitely tasty too since they don't throw a bunch of salt on it like other buffets do. And their salmon nigiri is always fresh and delish! I loveeee salmon, and salmon nigiri is like jackpot! Their prime rib is cooked well, more on the medium rare side, my preference. It's not dry like other buffets and seasoned quite well, which is impressive. They have a make it yourself pasta section where you choose the noodles, sauce and meat. I don't eat the mexican and chinese food sections since I detest chinese food and I eat mexican food in San Jose on a daily basis. Their dessert section is ok, but after eating their food, dessert is tooo filling. Maybe add macaroons to your dessert selection? =)
1	If Aria, a 5-star hotel, is going to offer a buffet, you'd expect it to be spectacular or at least up to par. Bellagio has it, so why not Aria, right? I  came here with my family yesterday--truly DISAPPOINTED! My mom took a bite of the cold cut meat and spat it out because it had a foul taste and smell to it. I saw the meat, but didn't get it because they looked like they had been sitting there for a good while. I was going to try granola with yogurt, but it had a film on the yogurt as if it had been sitting there for a VERY LONG TIME. My first round barely filled the plate because nothing looked really fresh. I am not a picky eater or a harsh food critic, but I am not going to eat something that looks like it had been sitting there from last night. The tomato salad looked like it had been sitting there for a good while, too. Management is obviously the problem and ARIA NEEDS TO TAKE NOTE OF THIS! WHAT IS THIS PLACE TRYING TO DO? GIVE US FOOD POISONING??? C'mon!!! If your buffet selection is not great, at least make sure that your food is fresh. I was at the curry section yesterday and they didnt even bother to empty out the old curry. Instead, they just threw more fresh ones on top. The old ones on the bottom will only turn bad, it's not going to make it more fresh with the fresh ones on top. The only best section of the buffet was the dessert section. Even though options were not many, at least they looked decently fresh.
5	Food, food, and more food !!! I eat here every  Saturday brunch ($23.95 each,add $7 to your brunch for all you can drink champagne and mimosas) when im in town.  This buffet has a great selection of different cuisine (American, Asian, Mexican, Greek).The service is exceptional and the extra $7 is well worth the "all you can drink champagne and mimosas"  because they really do mean "all you can drink" Ive stayed for hours and they just keep pouring as long as you are in the hours of the brunch buffet. If you love crab legs this place is what you have been waiting for. They are all cracked and ready to be eaten, their selection is random but well thought out and their desserts are fabulous. Definitely a good way to get your day started :)
2	I am a stickler for not only good food, but also quality food... That being said, I definitely will not be returning to this buffet. The food was edible, but the lack of selection and spotty service makes this a place that I will only need to go to once in my short life here on Earth.
3	I went to the buffet at Aria not long after the hotel first opened. It wasn't busy at all that night and service was great. The food was replenished pretty quick when items were running low, but some of the items lacked flavor. While it was a good meal I wouldn't necessarily make a point of returning to this buffet out of all the other delicious ones in Vegas.
4	MUCH better the second time around.  They definitely worked out a lot of the kinks from the service.
4	I love love loveddd the food here like everyone said alot of veriety and tonss of different options! i am returning in May to try it out for lunch and breaky!! their raspbery lemonade made my day!!  I think i remember paying $ 35.00 per person. Either way i will always come backk!!
1	This is honestly the WORST Vegas buffet EVER! From decor (or lack of) to food, it really was probably the worst thing to come out of Aria. For being such an amazing hotel, they sure are stingy. The waitress forgot to give one of our friends a lobster and when we brought it to her attention she insisted that she had brought out the right amount. She argued and gave us attitude for a good 5 minutes before finally giving in. The selection was MINIMAL and honestly there was just a lot of empty space. Not only was it bad food, it was OVER PRICED! I would definitely skip this place when at Aria
2	For a buffet in a nice hotel such as Aria you would expect a little better in selection for a weekend lunch. They really lacked a variety of food selection! Service is also a bit slow. Several tables in our selection had to wait quite a long time to get any drinks. To be honest, I'd probably not eat the buffet here ever again. There are many other better choices available.
4	Most simple but yet tasteful cleanest buffet ever. Yes they do lack alot of variety of food unlike other buffets but Arias buffet has quality unlike other ones.
2	Rumour told me this buffet was awesome but I really disliked it. I felt like I was at an asian buffet in Toronto. The venue itself was big and tables were far apart with high ceilings, meaning noisy level is controlld. The food itself has lobster (not that great), Japanese table for sushi/sashami, Chinese table for dumplings/dim sum, pasta table (choose what you want in it), and a table for other cold cuts or Indian food. A lot of variety if your willing to try it all out but the food is so-so.  For desserts, limited selection of ice-cream (6-8), cheesecake, chocolate cake and cookies. The cost included unlimited drinks and house wine (which is more like water to me). If you want to eat a lot; this is the place to go.
1	HORRIBLE HOSTESS'  and MANAGEMENT!!!!!I visited the Aria buffet this monday (march 21st) and I was so excited because I love the hotel and had the best service all 3 days that I stayed there! I had never been to a buffet in Las Vegas but made sure to make a point to visit one this time around. I really wish I would've gone to the buffet at the Wynn beause the reviews for it are stellar!My girlfriends and I arrived at the buffet around 130pm for lunch the price was great about $23 and the cashier was friendly. There were maybe four people ahead of us so there was no wait and there were tons of open tables. After paying they had us wait there at the register for the Hotess to come and take us to our table. After about 10-15minutes of waiting there were about 10-15 people lined up behind us all paid and waiting on the Hostess. By this time we are asking the cashier 'what's the hold up?" and "why is it taking so long to be seated?" The sweet lady (shikieko) who took our proof of payment was getting flustered because we weren't the only customers questioning the wait. Another man in line offered to go and find the Host for her because she expressed that she couldn't leave her post. After a few minutes more of complaining from all the customers waiting Shikieko ran off to find the Host who were no where in site. They came strolling out in a pair (one was named Kirly, she was especially RUDE) without any sense of urgency and still chatting to one another as they approached us. At this point a friend of mine was was pissed and requested to speak to the manager. The manager took a minute to come out as well so when she came we were all already at the buffet rushing to get food because we were on our way to the airport. Once we got to our table the manager (Brittany) was standing there. She started by saying "Did you all want to speak with a manager?" We replied "yes we did we are not satisfied with the service we recieved at the front counter! The Host are not friendly and have no sense of customer service or urgency we have been waiting for nearly 15 minutes to be seated and there are several tables available" Before I could finish she replied "oh well they came as soon as they could they were busy clearing tables, but ill talk to them". Before I blurted out BITCH what fuck is your problem you owe us a damn apology!!!!! My gf stepped in and said "Tthey were no where in site and a 15 minute wait is just unacceptable when there are several free tables. It's not busy in here and they could have thanked us for waiting, apologized or something!" Brittany replied "oh ok well ya I will talk to them." We also brought in a cake with us. We had no intentions of cutting the cake there our plan was to grab a cocktail at a lounge in the Aria and cut the cake there. Brittany made sure as she walked away from the table to say "oh by the way you all can't cut that cake in here!" We were extremely pissed at this point.So we conitued to eat, but the food was nothing spectactular. They had a a few dishes from several different cuisines (Italian, Mexican, Japanese, American, seafood, roast beef, and a pasta bar) Im a vegetarian so I wasn't impressed. I had a a few avacado rolls, vegetable rolls, mixed green salad, corn on the cob, french toast and tofu salad. Believe it or not the best thing was the damn french toast everything else I tried was so mediocre. So after we ate we decided to cut our cake and offer our sweet server Shikieko some she decilened; but wecontinued to nibble and left the rest there in hopes the manger would see!!!!DON'T GO HERE THE MANAGER IS BEYOND RUDE SO WHAT CAN EXPECT FROM HER RAGEDY ASS EMPLOYEES!!!!!!Really sad my stay at the Aria ended this way!
2	It's a Vegas Casino Buffet, everyone comes to one expecting a lot. I wouldn't come here again to eat because:1) There are smaller casinos in Minnesota that offer a larger variety of food2) The sushi was not good; the rice was hard and the fish not fresh3) the waitresses are unattentive, rude, and forgetful4) the prime rib wasn't as rare as it should be and on the dry side5) for the same price you could walk over to The Buffet at The Bellagio for a wider variety, better service, and more quality food.The only things I did like about this buffet were the choice of deli meats, and the quality of their flan. But those two alone would not get me to step foot in this buffet again.
2	Stay Away Stay Away Stay Away!There's literally 10 better buffets within a short distance.  I have NO IDEA how they could have come up with such a lousy buffet at such an expensive property but, shazzam, they did it.Just not good.  The only reason I don't give it 1 star is because I reserve that for places that are nearly or actually inedible.
2	i visited for weekend brunch and for as new and as pretty as Aria was, i was expecting better. the desserts were good, food was mediocre, but the service was terrible. i don't know if it was because everyone was having a bad day or what, but very few of the staff were smiling... and the waiter who brought drinks to my table even complained that he had to cover too many tables.
3	With all of the buffets on the Strip, there isn't a lack of destinations to choose from.  However, considering how much I like Aria, I figured that their buffet would have to be on my list of spots to check out.  After all, if their buffet can match the hotel, then it must be pretty decent right?  So, after checking out their menu and being decently satisfied, some of my friends and I ended up coming on a Thursday night to give them a shot.  After paying and making our way in, I already started to get an ominous feeling though.  Now, I don't know about you...but I generally get worried when I start having doubts before I even make it to my seat.  Why so worried?  Well, although the spaciousness of the dining area might have had something to do with it, the buffet seemed pretty empty to me.  Though I didn't expect it to be a madhouse like how it is at some Asian buffets, I figured there would at least be a steady stream of people shuttling back and forth between the food and their tables.  In this case, not so much.   Refreshing as it was to be able to reach for the serving utensil without someone right on my ass waiting for me to finish, it made me wonder if all those missing people knew something I didn't.  Like most Vegas buffets, they have a decent variety of selections to cover just about every diner that should pass through the place.  From the usual buffet staples to Asian selections to Mexican food, they cover a lot of territory.  The question isn't so much what you want, but what is worth eating - like your choices, the quality varies as well.  For the most part, the food is fine - nothing terrible, but nothing that drives you back up there for seconds or thirds.  The Mexican food was pretty bad, though I like the chips and guacamole/salsa bar.  Then again, at a Vegas buffet, that's probably not the sort of thing you want to be chasing.  Among the few things that were of note, I thought that the prime rib was better than average for a buffet.  The seasoning on the outside was pretty good, and it was still juicy and tender.  The star though, if you're a fan, is the fresh crab legs they have.  Haven't seen all of the buffets in Vegas, but it's one of the few that I recall seeing crab legs at, and it's certainly the best that comes to mind.  They were very fresh and tasted great, and it's always handy when they slice it all the way through so it's easier to pick the meat out.  Hassle free crab legs?  Sign me up please!All in all, the buffet isn't terrible, and it's definitely worth checking out if you like crab legs.  Just that in Vegas, with so many other choices (relatively) close, you're probably better off heading over to Cosmopolitan or Wynn.
4	Dinner is relatively good value compared to comparable buffets because this one comes with lobster!  The lobster was actually pretty fresh and very good.Our server told us that we could get the crab legs steamed, which I don't think everyone knew.  But definitely get them steam - they taste so much better.After the lobster and about 8 plates of crab legs, i couldn't remember anything else they had at this buffet.  Does it matter?
1	We came here for lunch. Food is not good. Its better to go out of the hotel and eat at Mcdonalds. Their gourmet dinner during weekends may be much better.
2	If I can best describe the Aria real estate, it would be a frigid fortress of modern and industrial lines.  With that, I surmise that its open floor-plan buffet dining room is aptly designed, resembling a mid-sized Silicon Valley tech company cafeteria or a strip mall's Todai.  This is not a compliment.The food here mirrors the aesthetic; nothing stands out.  Everything is rigidly assembled without any artful flair similar to lesser off-strip buffets.  The seafood and meat selections here are dry, while the salad bar is just average.  This is made exponentially worse by the fact that the buffet items are limited.  The stand-out section, however, is their dessert bar and gelato.  Though half of the pickings here are highly flawed to inedible, the other half may satisfy your sweet tooth to some extent.  Though I have only been here twice, I must say that the wait and bus staff are friendly -- but, unfortunately, understaffed to be fully attentive.
4	My wife and I have stopped eating at buffets because we no longer fill our plates and return 2, 3 or 4 times. So often, the price seems too high for the amount of food we end up eating and we don't like feeling stuffed. After visiting the Buffet at Aria, we realized our approach was mistaken.   We paid our $29.99 per person and took the tour around a very well stocked buffet with foods of all kinds, including Salads, Meats,  Italian, Chinese, Indian, Japanese, a very well stocked Dessert bar and more. We carefully selected only small amounts of each food we sampled, which allowed us to try more foods without overeating.  What a wonderful surprise. All the foods were fresh and tasty. The prime rib was simply divine.  And the banana  foster dessert was addictive.  We ended up enjoying a wide variety of foods, did not walk out stuffed, and - the best part - ended up paying much less than most of the other restaurants we visited on this trip. Yes, we'll stop here again on our next trip.
4	Lunch at this buffet is pretty decent for the price of twenty five.  I had the roast beef quite a number of times along with the king crab legs.  The apple burrito was excellent and so was the toast.  The chinese food was okay.  But to top it off, the buffet had great deserts from the flan to the italian ice cream.
1	We were extremely disappointed with this buffet.  Fortunately we didn't have to stand in line as we had VIP passes.  Standing in line for the final product would have been 'adding salt to the injury'.  After having to flag down multiple wait staff, we finally got a drink when we were three quarters finished our underwhelming meal. We were hungry as it had been a long day at the pool.  We were open for anything.  We took a variety of food and were game for enjoying an array of food.  Unfortunately, half of our food was left on our plates.  Overall it was very bland.  I ended up filling up at the salad bar as my meal.  For such a grand hotel, this restaurant was very unsatisfying.  Although classified as casual dining, I have felt more satisfied at no frill chain restaurants at home.
3	John, I am right with you on this one. First off the Pros: Bottomless wine, lobster(although limited to half a lobster/ person), clean, wait service was real good, and the desserts. Cons: Food was par at best, bland and greasy, a bit pricy for the food that was served. Straight forward, the food was ok.. nothing special although they had crab legs, lamb, and prime rib. There were both pretty dry and I'm not usually the biggest fan of au jus. I had a plate and a half of random foods and nothing that especially peaked my interest including their crab legs. So I decided to go straight to dessert, I mean truthfully no one can screw up anything with sugar in it right? Because of my huge sweet tooth, the desserts definitely hit the spot after a standard meal. The banana foster was yummy, some chocolate cake was also really good, I also got some of the ice cream or gelato (don't seem to remember), and a number of their cookies. If what you need is dessert, than this place will indeed suffice. I would rather make the drive to M resort where prices are cheap and food is better than Aria and the desserts are also bomb!Or the Wynn/Bellagio buffet. Spring the extra cash wouldn't be much in this case as we paid about 35 a pop at Aria.
2	Honestly, the only good about the buffet was the complimentary lobster and the all you can drink wine. I thought the food was below average for the price. I wont be going back!
3	This buffet is very strong with food quality and comfort. The buffet has a great feel to it and doesnt look like a buffet when you are seated and see big windows. The good is good and has a big meat and cheese section. However the selections are fairly limited and it is a little smaller compared to a lot of other places you will see in town. The deserts are excellent though.
3	Because I wasn't expecting much it was much better than I thought.  Set your exceptations low and you won't be disappointed.  Redeeming qualities of the buffet:I love crab legs and did you know you can ask them to steam them at night??  So I had two full plates of warm crab legs.  Yum Yum Yum!  They give you sub par lobster but its still lobster... I am Korean and the kimchi was actually really good.  So kudos for authentic sour kimchi!Not so redeeming qualities: Service was horrific no fault to our waiter... he worked his ass off but he was covering a large area by himself... Overall the dinner buffet was meh.... the breakfast brunch was a little better... It wasn't bad... wouldn't say it was earth shattering yumz... but like I said... set your expectations low and you won't be so disappointed... Brunch much better than dinner.  I would give Brunch a solid 3 stars and dinner maybe 2 and a half stars...
2	Not that great of a buffet.  Not much selection of food over the weekend.  Weak in fruit and desert selections.  Better to go to Wynn or Cosmopolitan (across the street) if you want a good buffet.
5	So good I went back three times.  Twice for breakfast, once for lunch.The buffet at Aria is perhaps the best kept secret on the strip.  The variety of foods will satisfy even the most picky of eaters.Yes, tons of shrimp, crab legs, sushi.. the usual you'd get at a buffet... but there's so much more.The layout is comfortable and easy to get around and the ambiance is great.Even if I don't stay at City Center next time (I probably will) I'll definitely make a special trip to the buffet at Aria.
2	I ate at many buffets in Vegas. The Aria buffet is overpriced and not impressive.  The staff were friendly and quick with drink refills.  The food was the same standard generic "buffet food" you can get any any 3 star hotel in Vegas for half the price.  The seating and atmosphere were great but they totally dropped the ball with the food. Check out the Wicked Spoon inside Cosmopolitan, that's an amazing buffet.
5	Haven't been there since last June, but it was well worth the $20 charge per person for lunch.Serving King Crab and Roast Beef (usually reserved for a dinner buffet) isn't what makes it special.  They have (or had then) one of the top 10 Chocolatiers in the world.  Usually at a buffet the dessert island looks like it was set up through a production line process.  Not this place.  EVERYTHING looked awesome, and (what I tried) tasted even better than it looked.My wife had a chocolate shooter and exclaimed "this is so good that they should require a prescription for it."We had to limit ourselves because something that damn tasty cannot be good for you.  I am not normally a dessert person but it was phenomenal.  Due to the fact that too much sugar is not healthy. I usually (if ever) do not eat dessert, and if I do it wouldn't be more than 1 dessert servings at any one meal. It was so good I had 2 & 1/2 servings (I had to taste to see if it was as delicious as it looked [and it was]).It has been nearly a year since I was there, but I am looking forward to my next visit at the end of May so that I can once again enjoy my self imposed dessert limit (2 next time).It's a good thing that I don't live in Vegas or I'd be needing to go on a diet in no time.
2	Buffet is worth 4.95 very dissapointing coming from Aria. Only French toast, tofu salald and gelato were good.The wait and price totally not worth it, save your Vegas Money and go somewhere else!!
2	Kind of a disappointment after reading the reviews on yelp. $32 for brunch on Saturday afternoon (I ordered it without the champagne). The food didn't look appetizing. I did go back for seconds for the roast beef and parfait. Save your moolah and try another buffet.
5	I was there for mothers day buffets, Yummy, and double plus on crab legs already crack in half for you.
2	like how the rating says "Meh. I've experienced better."The reason we went here is because someone told us that the chef is the same as the Bellagio, which is the one we originally wanted to go.. I've been to the Wynn and Rio buffet before... I think Wynn is the best i've tried so far.. but I heard the Bellagio one is crazy good! I'd say, Aria was OK.. I'd rather go to the Wynn.. Next time.. im going to try the Bellagio one.. maybe its as good as they say.. :Tbtw.. we also heard the line here was shorter than the bellagio.. actually we didnt have to wait.. it wasnt bad but it wasnt good...
2	I suppose if you were to compare this place to other buffets--like, say, The Golden Corral--then you'd say the food was better.  Then again, the Golden Corral doesn't cost $40 either.  And that was the price for dinner at Aria on a Sunday night.  With that, you get the buffet, half of a small lobster and apparently limitless red or white wine (though certainly nobody seemed in a hurry to offer refills).  The buffet did have an interesting assortment of items.  I saw one man attacking the crab legs and shrimp as if he had not eaten in months and we felt someone would come along at any moment and drag his food away.  The bread pudding and bananas foster both seemed pretty outstanding among the desserts.  As for the food, it seemed fresh enough.  There were several options for ceviche.  Some Chinese food.  Nachos.  Pizza.  A carving station with beef, ham, turkey, and salmon.  And an actual salad bar.There was absolutely no item in the place that made me think "I will have to come back for this."  Yes, you can eat a lot and get stuffed--but is being stuffed really the goal of eating?  There are so many other places from which to choose in the area that I'd much rather spend $40 a person and come away feeling pleasantly full and having a memorable meal elsewhere.  Again, as far as buffets go, it may be great.  I have no idea.  I'm not a connoisseur of the buffet.  As far as restaurants where you'll spend a couple of hundred dollars for a small party to eat, there are many, many better options.
4	Wow..very good selection, flavourful and priced just right.We just feasted like kings n queens. Place is very clean.
4	I loved the curry chicken, garlic naan, and portugese sausage at this buffet. The desserts were also great - cheesecake, gelato (with a variety of toppings) and delicious cookies. This was all at the lunch buffet for $20, which was a really good deal compared to some of the other buffets (the only downside being that there was no prime rib).
4	I had a wonderful experience here. I had the brunch which was only 16 dollars! chacuterie and cheese was great, shrimp, breakfast items, salads and dessert! All fantastic ;) plus it tasted great after a night of drinking
4	Very good lunch buffet with seafood for $19.95.  Checked out Cosmopolitan buffet but they did not offer seafood.  It was also in a dark area in back of the hotel.  Aria was in a very bright sunny area near the pool.  Points for ambience.  Ver clean and servers were very prompt and friendly.  The quality of the food was great but focused on crab legs and shrimp.  They every heat steam your crab legs as requested.        Highly recommended.
1	At $39 person, this place didn't offer much for the money. The line for the sushi (limited selection to Tuna only), crab legs, and cocktail shrimp was long for a buffet layout. Food is limited in selection, I found better places on the Las Vegas strip and Rio for a better deal. We were there on Saturday of the Memorial Day weekend and there was no line at all! so expensive and far from the strip.
4	Yum Yum Yum!!! Their food is above average compared to other buffets we tried and their Desserts are awesome.  I was satisfied with EVERYTHING I tried in the desserts section. They served sushi, seafood shooters and crab legs for lunch and dinner.  For dinner on Fri/Sat, they give you a grilled lobster tail too!
4	I'm utterly confused by the mediocre rating - what the hell?!This buffet is, by far, one of the best I've ever had.  The food is fresh, tasty, and overflowing.  Mmmm... crab legs.  Every time I visit Vegas I make sure to stop here.Last time I was there the waitress was incredible - the unlimited Bloody Mary's never faltered.  In fact, before our waitress went on break she brought us another round of drinks while we were half-done.  No waiting whatsoever!Delicious.... And making me hungry.... No fair! I want Aria buffet, and I want it now!
5	The breakfast buffet was amazing! I fell in love with their portugese sausage and some raw oatmeal type dish that had berries and banana! It was less than $20!
4	I am almost embarrassed to say that we came here for breakfast/brunch all 3 days we were in Vegas. I also had dinner here back in March. Breakfast has lots of options. I tried almost everything. I really liked the chilaquiles (sort of like fried, chopped up enchiladas for those of you who have yet to try this deliciousness). The waffles, plantains, pizza, bagel and many cream cheese options were also good. There are many meat options too. The omelets made to order were just alright. The cooks who make them are very friendly though. The corn-beef hash was not that good. Note: their yogurt is more European (sour) in my opinion. What I really loved about this buffet was dinner. Save sixteen bucks and go to McDonald's for breakfast and come here for lunch or dinner. Lots of options (American, Korean, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, Indian) and everything tasted great. The standouts were the stuffed shells and Indian fare (chicken curry, rice, and garlic naan). I ate shells and naan until I needed to be wheelbarrow-ed out.
4	i really like this buffet. they have already sliced  opened crab legs. lobster and wine included in dinner! awesome selection!
2	Part of staying at the Aria Hotel is that we were given $100 for resort credits that we could use daily. So, instead of wasting extra bucks, we ended up trying this buffet place. The service was poor, they were really slow in getting our drinks, and the food was way too dry and not much choice. Oh well, what do you expect for free food? I'd suggest to go to another hotel if you plan not to ruin your taste buds to get nicer brunch menu!
4	My last stay in Vegas was at the Aria, so naturally we had to check out the buffet at least once, right?We came here on a Saturday at around 1:30 pm and the line was already quite long.  It took us about 45 minutes before we got seated.  WHAT I LOVE:I love that this place is so bright!  It wakes me up from my groggy mornings in Vegas haha!  Also, they have some YUMMY select breakfast foods which I haven't seen anywhere else.  They serve breakfast burritos which are delicious!  And *drum roll please*, HASH BROWNS!  I love me some hash browns!  Not only that, but I indulged like crazy on the crab legs.  Mountains of crab legs on my plate, dipped with melted butter and lemon...yum!  My mouth is watering already.  Service here is also amazing.  Our waitress kept coming by with refills and was just on top of everything!WHY ONLY 4 STARS:Well, although Aria had endless crab legs for me to indulge on and some delicious breakfast items, I still felt that the variety of food offered here did not compare to say the Wynn or the Cosmopolitan.  We also came here thinking that our lunch buffet was going to be $20 from the yelp reviews, but it turned out to be around $34 each =(OVERALL:I may come back if I come back to stay at the Aria.  I sure do love great service, crab legs & breakfast food :)
4	Aria's buffet is definitely one of the better buffets I've had on the strip :) On Fridays and Saturdays, the buffet comes with 1/2 of a Maine lobster per person plus unlimited house white or red wine. Best way to fill up your belly and your drinking needs! Make sure you go with an empty tummy. The buffet line has a huge spread-- seafood, sushi, prime rib, pasta, pizza...and more. I have a sweet tooth so the their dessert section made me very happy--gelato, bananas foster, cheesecake and cream cakes...lets just say I was in heaven :) Initially the service was really slow. It took us a good 10 minutes to pay and to be seated. They only had a few hostesses working with a line of 50+. I felt really bad for our server who was basically waiting on half of the tables in the whole restaurant. But it was amazing to see how she memorized all the drinks that the table next to us ordered (let's just say they were a very demanding group). The food was fresh and very tasty. I would definitely go back on my next visit to Vegas!
1	Haven't signed on in awhile but decided to update just for the sake of this buffet. Took a girls trip to Vegas a few weeks ago and stayed at Aria. Lovely hotel! So you would think the buffet would be at least decent. NOT!The selection is horrible and as starving as we were, we barely ate 2 plates. (Mind you, I can do so DAMAGE at buffets) They tried to be sneaky by making 10 different dishes with eggs but they were not fooling anyone.I would have rather thrown $30 at a complete stranger than eaten here. You've been warned!Sidenote: There is nothing special about previously frozen, cut open crab legs that looked extremely unappetizing.
3	Everything was good, but nothing memorable.  May stop in again if it's convienient and the Bellagio buffet is closed.
2	Aria...oh sweet Aria. I loved my room and the entire property however your buffet was a dud!I had high hopes after waiting an hour in line :(Mediocre at best, small selection of oddball food options.Nothing stood out except the dessert macaroons. The dessert section is good, however not enough to warrant a repeat visit. Word of mouth is important and the words that will be coming out of my mouth regarding this buffet are not good. Is not a good sign when the one memorable item is a freakin macaroon cookie! For shame!No second chance will be issued, I am one and done!Food was cold, that was a huge issue.Don't waste your time!GO TO THE M RESORT...STUDIO B BUFFET...now that is a buffet worth talking about!
5	Very good. Waitress are friendly. Good Food. Desserts are good. Good Price. Best Buffet in las Vegas.We didnt wait at all. We went there 3 Times brakfast Lunch & Dinner.  We tried lots of the Buffets the last Weeks.
4	Family reunion of 30 on a Saturday night - and what a treat! Wonderful wait team, wide selection of food, half a lobster and carafes of red or white wine included - all for under $50/per person including 18% gratuity & tax!I gorged on salads and vegetables. It was tasty, if simple (OK, so they made money on me, but who cares) - great ambiance, service and food for the price.
3	So- So It's our first stay here at Aria so the next thing to do would be to try the buffet. Dinner price is usual around 40 bucks per person which includes half of a lobster lol. The buffet seemed to have 50% salad items. There's about over 10 kinds of salads and not enough variety for other things. I guess the best way to get your money's worth is loading up with the crabs. The sushi is buffet quality,( not the greatest)  rice was a little hard but I am very much fond of the dessert counter. Lots to choose from, but the best one would the banana cream pie. TIP* I guess in any buffets here Vegas come a little early and beat the crowd. Preferably around 5:30- 7pm. Who likes to wait in line when you're starving right?
1	I hate giving one star but this place was just Bad.... What a big Disappointment!?!?!?  There was not one item on this buffet worth coming back for.  I only got ONE (not fully loaded) plate and THAT WAS IT for the night.  I had to fill my stomach with their chicken noodle soup since there was nothing worth eating.The quality and presentation of the food was way below average.  I would put them in the Circus Circus category yet I paid almost $40 per person?!?!?!And the person who served/cut the salmon kept screaming at me asking me to get the salmon and when I said, "no thanks", he kept asking why not? and kept selling how WONDERFUL the salmon was.. well.. if it was that good, then why did it looked SO DRIED and no one was in line for it.  It made the whole experience cheap.  Like he was a street vendor trying to sell me food.. omg..They had a 1/2 lobster per person but the meat on the lobster was really tough to eat.  It was totally overcooked.  And the unlimited wine... sorry, but I was there for the FOOD~  what good does the wine do if the food sucks.
2	The Buffet at Aria is not a bad place to go for brunch or dinner, but in a town where every major property features an extravagant buffet, Aria's version falls short.I had brunch at The Buffet twice during my stay.  The space is clean and well-kept and the layout is much more straightforward than many other buffets on The Strip.  The selection, though, is relatively underwhelming compared to almost all other buffets I have been to (the lone exception being the smaller scale Cafe Lago in Caesar's Palace).  The taste of the food is about average--definitely a step above Wynn (the worst of the buffets I have visited) but not quite as good as Bellagio and Paris.  I would note, however, that the Eggs Benedict were a major disappointment, and I can't figure out how their "only Tandoor Oven in a Las Vegas buffet" comes into play.Service was about par for the course--meaning too few servers trying to staff too many tables.
5	What's up with all the 1-3 stars?? I loved this buffet. The setting is fresh clean, gorgeous. The split crab legs were a big draw but the sushi was spot on, fresh, delicious and beautifully displayed. I liked the salads esp the potato and crisp coleslaw. Garlic nan with tandoori chicken for lunch, where do you find that? 5-6 flavors of soft cookies, peanut butter blondies and over the top chocolate brownies. Gelato or sorbet to cleanse your palate.. I've never found a group of Yelpers more off target then in these reviews. They serve lunch till 4PM, that really worked for me. Give this place a try, I doubt you'll be disappointed.
5	My friends and I looked up the best rated buffets in Vegas and found that the Aria was rated in the Top 10. However, we were a little shocked when the price was $39.95 for dinner, especially when our Wicked Spoon Buffet (in the Cosmopolitan), the night before, was $34. Shortly after being seated, we did not hesitate the price. Every person got their own lobster tail (already pre-sliced in half) and unlimited wine! The buffet was great and offered snow and king crab legs (also pre-sliced in half). They had plenty to choose from, even for me, who was on a pretty strict diet of no carbs and no sweets. We found out shortly after that the lobster and unlimited wine was only a Saturday night (or weekends, I don't remember) special. So, I definitely recommend trying to go around that time.We did end up going to The Buffet at Aria for breakfast for $17. It wasn't bad, just not worth the $17. However, we did get to breakfast late and they started changing up the food for lunch, which meant we also got to fill up on lunch food for the price of a breakfast buffet!BOTTOM LINE: The Buffet is worth the price during the lobster/unlimited wine night, but you can definitely find pretty decent, cheaper buffets for breakfast and/or lunch
3	it was alright, it had plenty of food to choose from but the lobster was pretty bad. I recommend getting the king and snow crabs over the lobster. the sushi was a-little dry. however the desert section of the buffet was the best it had alot to pick from fruits to pies to cake to ice cream to cookies and brownies. I would suggest trying this buffet out! :)
1	The food here is actually pretty good, but for the price, I expected more. Aria is a great hotel but as far as the buffet goes, I doubt that I will ever be coming back ever again.I took off two stars for the horrible service my group of eight had to deal with. Sure, the person ordering drinks has a thick Chinese accent that may be difficult to understand but that should be no justification for the waitress being completely rude. It takes time for a large group to consider what drinks it wants to order. A waitress should NEVER sarcastically comment, "Thanks for the long break." We are not imbeciles, we understand a sarcastic comment when we hear one even though everyone at the table is speaking Chinese. Not only that, she was rude the entire time we were under her care. In fact, we didn't even get the iced tea that someone in our group had ordered.Sadly enough, someone in our group got sick right after eating at the Aria Buffet. I'm not going to push all the blame onto the buffet but when the first thing that any of us had eaten was at the buffet, I really don't know what to think. I didn't get sick so I'm not going to complain about not being able to give zero stars.Aria, I love you and your amazing rooms but I'm utterly disappointed with this buffet. I seriously expected more.
4	We walked the buffet and they did not have anything that we liked. There were too many breakfast choices at 1pm. The only reason why I give them 4 stars is because of the service. We told the manager that the buffet did not interest us and they refunded us with out any issues!
5	I had both breakfast and dinner at this place. My only complaint really was the price, but you really get quality food in return. The lobster and wine dinner was awesome. I've never gotten hummus at a buffet before, but the garlic naan bread and hummus were excellent.The breakfast was even better. They had bar none, the best breakfast biscuits I've ever tasted. Soft and flaky and tasty and just perfect. I don't know why restaurants always insist on cooking biscuits hard as rocks, its impossible to find good biscuits and gravy normally. They were heavenly at Aria's buffet.
2	came here for the brunch buffet... and of course when in vegas... eat your heart out! hmm... actually, that's my motto for everywhere and anywhere you go.... the buffet is just ok... selections weren't THAT great...and nothing really stood out from the selections.my advice... stick to the Buffet at the Wynn.... if you're gonna pay $30 bucks for a buffet, stick to the Wynn... never fails there.
2	For such a new hotel, this place is not worth it. No prime rib at lunch, service was horrible, I waited ten five minutes and grab my own high chair for my 9 month old. The crab legs was frozen, bus boys walking slow and taking their time. I had to clear my own plates. Good thing the table next to us left, i piled it ten high until someone noticed and came to clear the plates.
3	The Buffet at Aria was nice. I went there for lunch. It was 24.95 for Sunday Brunch, but we stayed at a M Life venue and was able to have $20 covered by the hotel. Thus, $4.95 plus tax and tip is pretty darn good. Ask for the deal. I enjoyed the crab legs which were pre-sliced. I first tried it cold with melted better. Then I had the crab legs steamed slightly and that was much better because you could taste the sweetness. The cocktail shrimp was good as well. The eggs Benedict was yummy. The chicken soup was pretty good. The desserts were yummy. The rest of the was only okay.
4	We ate here two nights in a row because we had 50$ resort credits.  One time it was Sunday and we got the "gourmet" buffet with lobster and unlimited wine, and the next day was a normal dinner.  The lobster was a little bit small and dry, and we each got half a lobster.  The wine was nothing special.  The food otherwise was pretty good.  Selection was moderate, and quality of the different dishes was surprisingly pretty good.  Definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas.  Price was similar to other high end buffets, such as Bellagio.
3	CRAB LEGS. SHRIMP.DESSERT BAR.BREAKFAST BURRITO.BACON.I am still full and its been 2 days. Also none of my clothes fit anymore, so tyvm. Probably would check out the Mandalay Bay one or Paris next time. I mean, the food wasn't life changing. Except that breakfast burrito- holy crap what did you put in there??
4	if you are a giant  crab lover and ginormous peeled shrimp...then look no further. Aria buffet is the place (even for lunch). i ate 5 plates of crab legs and 2 plates of shrimp and that's about it. Staff are super friendly...asked the cook if he has Chinese red vinegar (two days in a roll)...he went and found a bottle and poured me some (no hesitation) and with a smile (not the creepy kind either). the best part....it's only $22 with tax and tips. Come on, beats paying double at Wynn or Bellagio!!!  orRio seafood buffet as their shrimp isn't as huge/peeled and their crab legs look like itsy bitsy spiders....Aria Aria...Aria!
4	The night we went there the aria gave out half a lobster per person! It also included a glass of wine. The crab legs were great and the sushi selection was more than what one would normally find at a buffet. Overall a great experience.
3	Nothing to rave about, nothing amazing to talk about, to me it's just typical average buffet in Vegas, but for 30 bucks I expected more.Here for Sunday Brunch.My highlights worth noting:- An omelette station where you add whatever your heart desired however as most buffet omelette chefs fresh out of culinary school, my eggs were overdone.-Oh, the carving station, surprising the turkey breast was juicy and moist that caught me off guard, but the beef top round was tough and dry like shoe leather.-Sushi - no raw stuff wtf...for 30 just sushi rolls...again wtf.-Snow crab legs - pretty good once you squeeze a little acid and dip it in warm butter, it's so money that I had a second helping and opted out of dessert.My overall opinion, it's just blah!
2	Face it, you're going to the buffet because you want to get revenge on the Aria casino.  How many hours did you spend in the casino last night?  If you're like me, 18+ straight.  Your sole mission is to eat one or two thousands of dollars of snow crab legs and shrimp.  Reality check - it ain't happening.  The food here was decent, but nothing special.  I did eat as many crab legs as possible, but after the 3rd or 4th plate, it just tasted bland.  I do love how they split them in half for you.The other food there, such as the flank steak, the portuguese sausage, spaghetti, french fries, some asian stuff, mashed potatoes, and sushi were just average.  They didn't even have soft serve... C'mon man.  Soft serve.  Who the F wants lime flavored gelato?The Aria is on my black list for at least 2 years.  Go somewhere else for a buffet.
3	Very disappointing dinner. In a city known for its delicious, extravagant buffets, and in this brand new hotel, for $37, I expected much more.We mostly went for the unlimited wine (chardonnay or merlot) and lobster. No line at 5PM and our party of 11 was seated right away. We were also made to go back to the line and pay a separate 18% gratuity charge when they realized we were all in the same group. Sure, we are served wine, and we probably would have left something anyway, but a forced gratuity for a BUFFET is just ridiculous in principle. That meant we had no intention to leave anything else. Our waiter, who turned out to be awesome, started by bringing small carafes of whatever wine we wanted. He ended up bringing 4 or 4 at a time and just leaving them on the table. You definitely won't go thirsty here. The food was not as much of a selection as most other buffets I've been to. Not many desserts and they weren't as good as other buffets. The rest of the food consisted of carved meats (including salmon), sushi, crab legs, peeled shrimp, some Asian stir fries, salad, pasta, and a few others. Nothing was spectacular enough for me to want to go back for more, and they seemed to be missing most of the basics. The crab legs were pre-cut in half, which I liked (I'm lazy). Each person got 1/2 a lobster, which I really enjoyed. If you like lobster, crab legs, shrimp, and as much wine as your heart desires, this is the place to you. But the other food left us all disappointed for what we paid and for the expectations of this hotel.
3	Mmmmm... there was SO much food. I loved everything! I didn't like the wait though. It was pretty long.
3	Beautiful dining area, representative of the rest of Aria - lots of blue/turtoisiness, glass, and natural light. That alone put me in a good mood. The food was aaaite - better than the Bellagio lunch buffet that we had just eaten the day before.We went for brunch/lunch on a Saturday. Things I liked: - The fact that they had crab legs at lunch (Bellagio didn't)- The nice servers- The carving station (better than Bellagio) - the chicken rope sausage was pretty good- The creme brulee- The cookies (though Wicked Spoon's desserts are still better)Not so good:- Dessert selection in general
3	I went for the dinner buffet on a Wednesday night. I liked that there was no line, it wasn't crowded, and the food was fresh.All of the beef dishes were stand outs:- Prime Rib- Beef Fajitas- Mongolian BeefThey were all really tender and well cooked (not overdone). Everything else was solidly good. The home-made ice cream was the best thing in the dessert section. They were a little light on options in that department.
2	$35 for brunch, fewer selections of food than Bellagio's buffet. The quality of food is Okay, Not that great of taste. Not worth the money paid.
4	Came here on a whim because friends and I were hungry in Vegas and wanted to try a new buffet that we haven't yet!!Great price!! Less than $40 with tax per person for dinner. Food is beyond awesome. Super awesome servers. Endless wine. Half a lobster each. Dessert!!!I wish I could try everything but my stomach could hold so much.... Prime rib was devine! I love lamb... But for some reason this time around I didn't love it. Mustve been just a bad cut of meat or something.... :/Crab legs, snow and king. Custom made to order pastas! Cheese and crackers. Gelato!Ahhh!! I would definitely recommend this buffet to everyone and anyone. It's one of my top choices.
3	If you don't know me by now.. I love buffets. It can be the most disgusting place in the world and i'd still find something great about it. Giving a 3 star rating is kind of a stretch but it wasn't 2 star bad so there you go. Came in for the lunch buffet my last day in vegas, a bit sad to go and a heck of a lot sadder I couldnt hit up several more buffets but girls gotta party and full stomachs + clubbing dress dont really mix. For $25 per, this place wasnt so bad, with food ranging from japanese, mexican, italian.. etc. Im assuming one has been to a buffet before. Things to skip:-sushi rolls .. with very little emphasis on the sushi part.. actually, scratch that.. no sushi in sight, just a couple of rice rolled in seaweed with vegetable stuffings. blaaaand. dry. stuck together. disgusting-ceviche .. smelly little cups of "seafood" and vegetables in vinegar-kimchi .. next to the chinese food section, the only korean thing there. disappointing. bland. and just plain wrong-some type of nacho .. cheese, beef, salsa.. sitting on top of some corn chips which by the way turned soggy by the time I scooped some upThings to try:-omelets .. they make them on the spot for you so you really can't go wrong-waffles .. hated the other breakfast items but the waffles were perfect!!-roast meats .. selection of beef, turkey, pork. I got the roast beef with aju and horseradish which was the best thing there-dessert .. at first glance, I thought they had a huge selection but there were maybe 6 cakes and the rest were cookies and danish. Loved the apple pie, banana cream pie, and strawberry cheesecake -gelato .. the lemon sorbet!!Things that were eh:-crab legs .. it wasn't bad.. it wasn't good.. it was just meh-chinese food .. -soupsOverall, the place wasn't horrible but wish i'd gone to the buffet at the bellagio or mandalay bay. Should've just stuck around for the dinner at another buffet anyway since the drive back took 7 freaking hours due to serious traffic!! My opinion for the place.. skip it unless you're getting comped.
3	Went here on a Tuesday morning for some breakfast noshings, and although there was a lot to choose from, the food just wasn't anything spectacular.  We DID get in at about 10:30am, and they were doing the switch-out for the lunch food, so maybe that was a contributing factor, however, as far as breakfast goes, there was nothing special about it.You got your standard omelette line, fresh fruit, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French toast, pancakes, etc.  All that good stuff.  Nothing really stood out for me, EXCEPT for the desserts.The DESSERTS are another topic.  All their desserts come from Jean Philippe (downstairs), so you know it's got to be good.  The Oreo cream cake, and the raspberry cheesecake are delish!  They also have the gelato out during breakfast, which made me happy :)Gonna have to check this place out for dinner, since everyone's ravin' bout them crab legs!!!  But as far as breakfast goes, not bad at all, just nothing spectacular.
4	I came here two times during my vacation in Vegas.  Once for brunch on Saturday and the following day for brunch again.  It was $28 a person plus an additional $6 for all you can drink mimosas.  I had a voucher for $20 off for staying at an MGM hotel so the price was definitely worth it.Food was your standard Las Vegas brunch fare.  Crab legs, shrimp, breakfast foods, Asian dishes, made to order omelets, and a carving station.  The eggs benedict was a hit and miss for me.  The first batch had perfectly poached eggs, while the other batch I had was a bit overcooked.  Could have been the result of sitting out under a heat lamp.  The top round was mediocre.  I enjoyed the french toast with white chocolate creme anglaise.  The only dessert I tried was the strawberry cheesecake which I found to be okay.The all you can drink mimosas were great.  My waitress kept filling my glass, and although it was some cheap champagne, who cares.  It got me feeling good at 11 in the morning so it fulfilled its purpose.Even without a $20 off voucher like I had, I would say this buffet is still worth the price.
3	We stayed here at the Hotel. It was okay. I think the Dinner price was a bit overpriced. We were there for the glass of wine/Lobster special. The Lobster wasn't that impressive and kind of looked under cooked. This was a surprise to me that the buffet was not that impressive because the rest of the hotel/casino was wonderful! Maybe a different meal time would have been better.
2	Pros: unlimited Wine and 1/2 a lobster free with buffet dinnerCons: Food is just ok in the buffet, my lobster was tough and gross, and the server rarely if ever came by and so our unlimited wine was only 1 glass.I would rather go to nicer buffets on the strip with better food and better prices.
3	If this buffet was any place but Vegas it would be a 4 star joint, but my standards goes up once it is Vegas. I consider Vegas, Buffet City! The seating for this buffet is very classy and the decor is bright and fun. I also like how we were surrounded by the food versus the diners surrounding the food. Our server did greet us but failed to let everyone at the table know we each get a half a lobster and complimentary wine. I feel special features like that should be advertised. The night we went we had a choose of Merlot or Chardonnay, I think it may change from time to time. For the price, I wasn't supper happy with the food. The lobster was quite delicious and the they had both snow crabs and dungeness (but they were cold). Other than that nothing else in the buffet was memorable or worth really having seconds. The dessert that I did like was the creme brulee but I love creme brulees and I will say it was nothing special, but still delicious. Buffets in Vegas are not cheap like you would think. It was $70 for two (not including tip) and that is without ordering any drinks. I also understand its because they give out wine and a half lobster but not everyone wants that (especially for my group, some of the people don't drink wine and some hated lobster). Overall, it was decent but i know there are way better buffets for the price.
3	I'm not a huge fan of buffets.  I tend to think I waste money for the little amounts of food I eat.  But The Buffet at Aria was pretty good.  There's a good selection of food (not as big as some of the other buffet spots in Vegas).  They even have already peeled shrimp!  Most buffets don't have peeled shrimp, but this place does.  Two downfalls to The Buffet:1. Price.  I believe it was about $25/pp just for lunch alone.  2. I hate that the Aria's pool is right next to The Buffet.  I don't feel like seeing people walk out of the pool or, better  yet, wring out and dry their bathing suits next to the place I am eating.  At least they should landscape it better - maybe have some trees or high shrubbery that would block the view of the pool???  Just a thought.
4	Excellent buffet. My family and I went for the lobster/wine buffet on Sunday night. Got in with minimal waiting. I'm a red wine snob, so tried both red and white and opted for the Chardonnay, as the Malbec served was weaker in flavor. The lobster came quickly was served hot, tender and moist. The salads were fantastic... watermelon with jicama, tomatoes with figs, marinated mushrooms with garlic & peppers, and a medley of olives, cornichons, garlic & rosemary. Nice sushi selection for apps, but basic rolls, nothing unusual. Massive amts of crab legs with fresh lemon and drawn butter. The Asian green bean and beef entree was seasoned well and veggies crisp and flavorful. The lobster ravioli was delicious and very  gourmet. The tandoori chicken, naan and curry were great! The roasted veggies had pitty-pans (baby squash) which are pretty pricey at the market.The lamb was overcooked for my taste and difficult to get a rare slice. All in all very well done with minimal disappointments. Not  a huge selection for dessert, but all we tried was light and tasty. Service was ok... seemed understaffed for as pricey as it is! Nice fresh and light decor and very clean. Not your standard buffet fare, so important to go with an open mind willingness to try! I would definitely go again!
4	Really good - much better than the Monte Carlo!
2	I'm not a huge buffet (or breakfast) fan, but my BF loves them so we went for breakfast on a Sunday. Luckily, we are MLIFE members so we got to cut the line, which the lady was saying was an hour wait. Huh? I would never wait that long but I digress...Their credit card machine was not working so they were having to call in the numbers which was a process. Plus, the lady that took my card was a total B____ and acted like it was OUR fault that the machine broke. The best part of the buffet was the crab legs and shrimp. The crab legs, though, were cut/sliced, so you never got big pieces. I guess it was nice not to have to crack it, but it was not very fulfilling to just eat slivers of crab. The shrimp were big, and the cocktail sauce was good. The rest of it was just ok...the eggs benedict were nice, but the hash browns were soggy and the sushi was mostly rice. I don't think this is worth the $33 (with champagne...which only got refilled twice).
4	While in Vegas for a Bachelorette Party weekend, buffets were not a part of our agenda at all, but on the last day of our trip, we decided to go to The Buffet at the Aria for brunch. We all had early afternoon flights and planned to pass out once getting on the plane so it was best to fill our tummies before the trip home!We paid less than $30 each for the buffet and for an additional $6 Mimosas and Wine were also included (I think). Since it was around noon, there were both breakfast and lunch items available. Typically, I don't really get my money's worth at buffets since I'll get full really fast or just am not that interested in the food, but I def got my money's worth at The Buffet! I had 2-3 plates in total plus dessert. They had all your regular breakfast items (Eggs, Omelets, Bacon, Toast, Cereal, Pastries), but they also had Pasta, Fresh Seafood, Chinese Station, Pizza, etc. I got seconds from the Chinese station, it was so good! For dessert, they had mini Flans, Apple Pies, along with some others. Their Gelatos were delicious too. We weren't expecting much, but were surprised on how good the food was! I'd def return if I ever stayed at the Aria again.
3	Decent, but not up to par for a place as nice as the Aria.When you think 5 star buffet, you should expect a grand spread, but I was disappointedAte here for breakfast and was not very impressed.  I would expect a much higher quality level of food from a 5 star resort such as the Aria.  Given how good Vegas buffets are in general, this was a bit of a disappointment.Lunch was a bit better.  They had crab legs and steamed them for me to heat them up.  Also, they had a tandoor oven and were making fresh Naan, which was really nice.  The carved meats were dry and tough, so that wasn't too good.Most of the food was pretty bland and easily forgotten.  Service was average.  The server was nice, but was not very attentive.
4	This buffet went for $29.95 and is in a ultra modern setting in the new Aria hotel.  As you might imagine a Las Vegas buffet - it's massive, but comfortable, and with a huge and diverse menu.  I found the crab legs to be blandish and overrated, but enjoyed a bunch of fresh peeled shrimp, and chicken curry with basmati rice, among other selections  The prime rib was notably good, but the Korean short ribs were not.  Also notable were the excellent flan for dessert, as well as gelati.
2	super inflated price ($45) for a sub par selection.!TIME SPENT1 Dinnertime mealLAYOUTspacious, comfy seating, upscale look.SERVICE/FOODperhapes the SMALLEST buffet selection i've ever had in my 4 years living in Vegas.   there is nothing on the menu that you can't find with a larger selection at other buffets...   and the limit of ONE small lobster tail per customer to substantiate the inflated price is seriously insulting...   my waitress was cheerful and attentive at least.^^PRICING$45 for a $15 meal...  Aria, who's the marketing genius behind your buffet.?   drop the joke portion of lobster and double your buffet selection.    even the "taste" of the food items is average.CLOSINGrationalize this...   you're competing against MANY other buffets and you want to stand out how.??
3	My first time here was WAY better. I guess things can change for the worse over time. Seriously, what buffet doesn't have ham? I thought that was a requirement at Vegas buffets. When I came here the first time, they had this delicious honey baked ham and a coconut macaroon for dessert! It was one of the best macaroons I've ever had. Now, the only thing I like is their prime rib and that's not even that great. For $40 per person, I expected more. I mean, I'm not asking for fireworks, but at least put some more effort into it like you did before. VERY disappointed.
2	It was decent. They're not as accommodating as the Wynn though. I was with my cousins baby who can't eat a lot of things because of allergies. All we asked for was a banana and they couldn't give it to us. They said they didn't have any and that we weren't special. They had bananas foster in the dessert section so I'm pretty sure they have bananas. We went here for the breakfast buffet. The only thing cool was that they had gelato and crab legs for breakfast. But honestly, it was just blah.....
3	Great buffet in Vegas.  The best thing about this place is they give you KING crab legs and they steam them up for you hot so you can eat LOTS of delicious crab meat....SO GOOD.  When I went, they gave you a free lobster and a glass of wine for every two dinners purchased, and we didn't even get around to eating the lobsters!!They have a good dessert selection (their apple pies were my favorite) and everything else was just OK.
3	Sorry Aria, your no Wicked Spoon.  The food selection is tiny for Vegas standard however the quality is close to Bellagio & Wynn. That is until you get to dessert, OMG.  If i had to give out an award to best dessert, I'd give it to their pastry chef.  It is that good.  Even their sugar free taste amazing and you can not tell it's sugar free.  Aria gets Best dessert when it comes to buffet. Their service is slow. It felt like They were under staffed in this department.
5	Very good! Service was good, food was excellent! Large eating area and a really good selection of food, from chinese food to regular breakfast items to crab legs! I loved this place. Oh BTW: Keep some room in your belly for the dessert. The dessert spread is to die for!
1	This is an awful buffet.  Aria, you should be ashamed of yourself!  The Chinese chicken salad was 'off'- like it was left out too long.  The 'complimentary' lobster was freezer burned and tough. The prime rib was overcooked and rubbery (what did they do? Cook it, freeze it, then zap it in the microwave?) Beautiful surroundings, terrible service (could have used another glass of wine after that meal.)Not worth the price, even if it's free.  Check out the Cosmo buffet, Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, or the Bellagio for a better gourmet buffet experience.
2	I feel like this buffet was nothing too special which made me sad. The Aria is such a pretty hotel with other nice places to hang out and eat and this was just less than what I expected. I should've taken my 30something bucks and just gone back to the spa and brought a pastry from Jean Phillipe with me.I was underwhelmed - the spread is not exciting at lunch. I guess I expected something new, special. This hotel buffet could have been in Vegas 5 years ago, and this hotel just opened last year.The saving graces for me were three things: the fried rice - that was very good and not drenched in soy sauce or greasy; the cooked to order pasta bar, which was delicious; and the dessert table which was pretty and I had two creme brulee. I wouldn't come back here. Take a 20 minute walk over to Wicked Spoon.
4	Been up drinking for a while and need some buffet... well this buffet is pretty dam good.   king crab legs are served cold... but they are pre cut so easy eating.   sushi is nice to have but its not great.   The beef tendorline (or some other delicious part of a cow) and the glazed ham are amazing.   omletts and eggs and bacon and pad thai... guacamolie... hummus chips.. nann.. salsa, noodles, pre peeled shrimp ... buffet pizza... yea this place has pretty much everything you'd want in a buffet.  But i think what sets it apart form other buffets is the dessert.  Jean philipe cookies and cakes.  and Gelato.  With a total price tag of.... 20 comp points!
3	Dined here for the brunch buffet and it was just alright.  First off we had to wait in line for about half an hour which wasn't too bad as the line moved fairly quickly.  The worst part was that the dining room was only about three quarters full and if they had filled the entire room there would only be a line about half as long.  (And you would think that they would want to run at capacity as it was a Saturday afternoon.)  Another bad thing that they did was to not even have the table set when they sat us.  So our hostess showed us to our table which had no glasses, no cutlery, nothing at all really on it.  So we decided to go check out the buffet line and even after getting our food we arrived back to find the table as we had left it.  And this was about 10mins after we had first been seated, still no way to eat our food.  So we went to an unoccupied table and took the cutlery off of there.Well now on to the food.  This food was not spectacular at all, and you think it would be from this beautiful upscale hotel but it was just a letdown.  The crab had no taste and was just bland.  Even adding salt and butter didn't help this crab.  It tasted like they may have killed it three times over.  It is hard to even remember anything spectacular on the buffet line.  What can I say this place was passable as a buffet but for the price definitely will not be back again.
5	Well this is my new favorite buffet...why? Lets see, what really matters about buffets? Firstly, price. At 29.99 its def not the cheapest around, but its also not as bad as Bellagio and a few others. Secondly: quality. Best quality crab around at buffets, period. Easily better than Bellagio, with warm clarified butter along side, a glaring absence in the Bellagio crab presentation  easy. Plus (this is a secret!) they'll steam your crab legs if you ask!  The shrimp for shrimp cocktails are huge! Way plumper than I have seen at any other buffet  The prime rib was was perfect, braised short rib ragu was for tender, mashed potatos tasted real, rotisserie chicken was juicy, pizza was edible, even their attempt at indian food was pretty good.  Not to mention the dessert was much better than Bellagio.  They have REAL cheesecake and great carrot cake, plus some flambe banana thing that was amazing.1 thing Bellagio has is rack of lamb (at least on fridays saturdays), but considering all this quality stuff and the price difference, The Buffet is definitely a better choice.  Oh and my waiter was great; fast and polite!P.S. I went to Aria on a thursday, not sure if they amp it up a bit with extra food and higher prices on weekends, most strip buffets seem to do that.
5	By far the best buffet I've encountered on the Strip (thus far).  It's quiet, intimate, the selection is grandiose, and everything I tried was excellent (I finished my plate every time).  My only complaint is I never got to go back for seconds because I got full too quickly.  As a bonus, I got there at 3:30 so I was able to crossover for dinner at 4pm.  That way I got to try a little bit of lunch and dinner variety (somehow, I think I prefer the lunch selection).  At $20 for lunch ($30 for dinner) it's pretty steep, but in this case you do get what you pay for.  Plus, you can always try the staying-for-dinner trick!It's the little things that count. :D*sigh* ...I'm lonely.
3	The selection here is solid. Not too much variety compared to the other ones. However, this place has one thing that I love to eat..... King Crab legs. I swore that was all I ate here. The tri tip was pretty good as well. However, asides from those two selection, everything else is pretty mediocre. If you want King Crab legs come here, if not then I recommend somewhere else.
1	Definitely not a good experience here at the Aria buffet for lunch. The selection was very minimal, the wait was pretty long, and to really ruin my experience I had a chunk of msg in my veggie chow mein. I know, I know, probably not the wisest decision to get the chow mein, but again, the selection was really small for lunch. That chunk of msg was REALLY bad though. Will not be coming back, given there are so many other great buffets around.
5	We tried the dinner buffet on a Friday evening and really enjoyed both the food and service.  There was an exceptional variety of food items from various cuisines around the world, including a whole steamed Red Snapper in the Chinese section.  I have never seen this offered before in any Las Vegas buffet.The price was very reasonable at $36.95, which included unlimited wine and a whole steamed Maine Lobster for two people. (This offer is only available Friday-Sunday).  I must admit, however, that our lobster was overcooked and rubbery, except for the claw which was delicious.  But I give them credit for trying...The dessert selection was also very good.  I especially liked the flan, which was light and refreshing.Our attendant was very efficient at clearing away the used plates and replenishing our beverages.I also liked the ambiance of this restaurant.  It's modern and upscale, with plenty of room to move around.
4	The place where 4 hour buffet happened.5 girls ate from lunch til dinner and changed server 3 times. I don't remember what exactly we ate...but I knew we sure ate all of our money's worth.Best part: maracons for desserts.  Devine left over cookies and naans at 3am post clubbing.I didn't wear stretchy pants, but I think the food has digested long before we went clubbing at HAZE.Best bang for your buck...$20 lunch that lasted til dinner time.
5	I wasn't sure a five-star buffet was even possible, but Aria's Buffet changed my mind on that. I'm normally way too cheap to pay $38 for a dinner buffet, but my friend offered to pay 1/2 my bill, and buy us a bottle of wine on his work tab. How could I refuse?You know what? I *would* have paid $38, and I would have been happy about it. The ambiance in the room is excellent - light and bright, but not aggressively so. My friend and I spent a good 2 hours there and could have easily spent more.Service was top-notch and a bottle of bubbly cost us about $35 - not a bad deal in Vegas. And the food? Oh, the food. Everything I tasted was delicious, and the desserts were divine, and perfectly portion-sized. I'll be back. Oh yes, Buffet at Aria - I'll be back.
4	We were trying to decide between this and Bellagio. I"m glad we chose The Buffet at Aria. We went on a Sunday and we received a lobster with our meal. It was nice to have the king crab legs split already so you didn't have to mess with them. There was a quite a wide selection of food from crab legs and shrimp to prime rib, rack of lamb  and bbq brisket.  I really enjoyed the naan bread. Desserts were good. the pumpkin gelato was delicious. Our waitress was very helpful, always had our drinks full and plates cleared. I do want to provide the disclaimer that I don't have much to compare it to as Vegas buffets go, but it was good.
5	My heart longs for King Crab legs!!!  Make sure to get a full plate of legs, then ask the worker behind the counter (there's usually 1-2 workers behind each station) to steam it.  The crab legs come out fresh and hot!!  I love that they make it really easy to eat so you don't have to work on getting the meat out.They have a nice variety of food there, from Asian (noodles was bomb), Italian (pastas and pizzas), to meat (lamb and roast beef?), soups, and a nice selection of desserts.  All for about $30-something per person.I like the atmosphere.  Everything is very open, very clean and comfortable.  Its not too noisy like other buffets in Vegas.I was a little sad that I didn't get a chance to eat on Friday-Saturday, because there's a lobster special on those days.  Its a little more, but one day I will try it.
4	Good food with variety of selections
3	We had a resort credit so we ate here twice on a recent trip.  The food is good, even very good at times, but the service the first meal was bad and there is nothing that makes the meal stand out.  I did not like how you start the line at the crab legs, where everyone and their brother is waiting to squeeze as much crab on a plate as possible.  I thought the sushi was good for a buffet, and the deserts were also delicious and came with many choices.  The buffet is worth the money if you come just before lunch and get the breakfast price (about $15) but get to eat both breakfast and lunch foods (this is what we did the second day and that meal was a four star meal).   I don't eat crab legs, but if you do you would probably rate this as four stars because everyone who was eating them seemed very happy and those things certainly are not cheap at a non-buffet place .
4	Nice and clean atmosphere.  Food by buffet standards was great.  Loved the crab legs.  The sushi was good.  You can also tell that they had some authentic Chinese food.  The noodles were the appropriate Asian type, not the crappy kind you find at low end Chinese American restaurants.  Lots of variety from different popular ethnic cuisines to choose from.  Service was great.  Would definitely come back here again.  The prices were not outrageous.  However, I didn't like the fact that the lunch buffet had the same price for kids and adults during the Saturday we were there.
1	paid 40 dollars each person on Thanksgiving day, no lobsters, no salmon, nothing could eat, Steaks were dried out, snow crabs were not fresh at all and felt sick of it.  Overall food sucks and desserts disgusted.  really really disappointed, will not go there again.
3	I'm gonna be really frank about buffets. Wicked Spoon at the CosmoThe Buffet at the WynnStudio B at the Mare the top 3 in my book. Now Aria isn't a bad buffet place great service nice selection of foods. But I wouldn't really consider anything very gourmet here. All the food are staple foods the cocktail shrimp are not the highest grade compared to the above 3 but it's better than your hosh posh mix of janky buffets. The nice thing about the Aria that I did enjoy was that after the nice meal the walk around the mall next door was perfect to walk it off sorta speak.The desserts in here as well were a-ok but nothing spectacular compared to the above 3. I got comped 2 buffets for staying at the signature so it wasn't really terrible considering I didn't pay. It's the same price nearly as the other buffets as well so consider this before actually making it out here.If I'm near here I guess I'd hit this up since it's not terrible and meets the standard of buffets in Vegas!
4	There are too many buffets in Vegas but the one at the Aria is quiet and clean.  I can't say that there's gourmet food, which was what I was expecting but the desserts and the pasta made to order really stood out for me.Another bonus is the wine and the half a lobster, which was great but can't say it's the best there is in Vegas.
2	$34?! I've experienced better for less... The only thing that redeems Aria's buffet is the fact that they sliced the crab legs for you. Other than that.. nothing. Maybe the creme brulee, but their dessert selection was horrible. No macarons.. For $35, no macarons? Really? Bread pudding looked dry, I heard the gelato was no good. Initially they had nigiri in their sushi section, but when I went for seconds, they only had California rolls and other cheap rolls. Their prime rib was good. They had naan and vegetable masala; both were good, but I can eat that stuff at an Indian buffet for like 8 bucks. Didn't have much variety at the Mexican, Italian, or Asian stations. I was really excited to try this buffet since it's at one of the top hotels/casino in Vegas, but I was very let down. Also, their service is horrible. I never once got a refill on my ice tea, couldn't even find the waitress to ask.Oh, we also had a huge party like at least 40 people or so. So the person organizing it had spoken to them previously and we had a reservation for 6pm and they would only give us 2 hours to eat and charged us 20% gratuity. Then they totally forgot about the reservation, so the whole crowd of us just stood outside for a good 30 minutes for them to clear up tables for us. Um, thanks. And 20% gratuity? It's a buffet!  15% or 18%, I can understand. And as I've mentioned before, their service sucked. Not impressed at all. M resort and Wynn are way better. I haven't been to the Belagio in awhile, so I can't compare that. Go elsewhere, it's really not worth $35.
2	Exactly - "Meh. I've experienced better"Take your money some place else, definitely was not worth it. Very average and mediocre buffet. Aria could do a lot better job than this.. pretty disappointing.Nothing stood out for me, I'm not a crazy fanatic of crab legs, for all others i guess that would be the only highlight of the entire menu. Go next door to Cosmopolitan's Wicket Spoon Buffet.
3	When I was in line for 20 minutes for this place I noticed Yelpers had a lot of bad things to say.  Well it was not that back.  Just a typical buffet.  Some of the food was cold and some not that good.  But they have some items that was really good and the crab legs and shrimp is a good addition.  The drinks too a very long time to get to us.  We waited for about 5 minutes for a waiter to come over to get our drink order before we even went to get our food.  The drinks came when I was almost done with my first plate.  I hate not having something to drink while I eat.  But the facility is updated and looks nice.  Overall, it was what we expected.
4	It's your typical Vegas buffet and if you were staying at Vdara this is the closest buffet you can walk to.  I love Vegas buffet so I'm a fan!  Their crab was cooked just right and their selection was decent.  Yum!
4	we were planning on going to wicked spoon again cause some people in our group had not been there, but we were out by aria so we just stopped there.  overall, i was pretty impressed and i wouldn't mind coming back.  however, it was a little bit of a pain getting there because it was such a walkservice:service was really good, and the staff was very nice.  our whole group was pretty drunk and they were still very nice to us and explained all the stuff for the buffet.  at the table they were fast bringing more drinks and they were fast at taking away plates but were not always there and getting in your wayvalue:i think the buffet was pretty good value at $35.  selection was more than bellagio, but the food itself was not quite as good.  about the same amount, maybe a little less selection than wicked spoon but there were different choices.  you get half a lobster per person too, but it wasn't really that big so i didn't think much of it, and i also am not a huge lobster person.  the thing that i think puts the aria up there is that you get unlimited merlot or chardonnay with dinner which is cool.  i am not a huge wine person, but free booze is free boozefood:there was a large selection, and for the most part there was not anything i didn't like.  sushi was better than wicked spoon, but not as good as bellagio.  they had a cool little greek section which i really liked between the salads lamb and other offerings.  the crab was really good (didn't taste like salt water, it actually tasted pretty good), the lobster was kinda rubbery and not too much flavor, but i always feel that lobster is like that which is why i am not a huge lobster fan as said earlier.  the shrimps by the crab with the shells still on were very good, along with the already prepared shrimp cocktales.  the pizza was decent, along with the fish and chips.  the only thing i don't think i liked was the baby back ribs.  they were just so fatty that it was not enjoyable to eat them.  dessert was a small section, but the choices all tasted pretty good, and they had butterfinger gelato which was absolutely amazing.overall, I would probably come back, but i wouldn't make it a priority as i love going to different buffets all the time
2	I'm not a huge fan of buffets in general, but this buffet is definitely nothing to write home about. I should have realized that there was a reason why this buffet is significantly cheaper than all of the other buffets on the strip. The only okay thing about this place was the crab legs, but you really have to dig for the good stuff. Other than the crab legs, there was nothing too appealing about the food. Service was good though. Our waitress was always ready to refill our drinks when they started to get low, which is something that usually doesn't happen at buffets.Anyways, if I were you, I'd walk the extra half a mile over to the Wicked Spoon buffet.
4	Admittedly - I don't have much to say about the Aria buffet.....even though I had much to *eat* from it.I guess that's really not fair.Because it was good.For under $30 for dinner, you have access to UNLIMITED crab legs. Both snow AND king. That alone makes it worth it. I had four plates of it, and could have gone on but 1) exerted control; 2) decided that I was not a pig despite appearances; 3) wanted to have a taste of something else.The meat carving section is impressive and offers prime rib, chicken, turkey, lamb and what not. I was not in a meat-y mood and just gave it a quick look but if you are a serious carnivore - that's your place.The salads are phenomenal. Really.
4	This is a pretty decent buffet. I've gone to quite a few and this one always seems to hit the spot. On Friday and Saturday nights they offer lobster for two and unlimited wine with your dinner so ASK about it if they don't offer it to you. Food: There are some stations like the meat carving station, pasta station, and the dessert station that I should just stay away from they ALWAYS have good stuff happening there. You can have any kinda pasta made which is a delicious carb nightmare. The desserts always seem so fancy but they also have an ice cream and gelato bar! That with homemade cookies or either bread pudding and cobbler hits it home. Service:This is hit and miss. Sometimes you can be seated in an area where the waitress is cool and attentive. There are other times when you have to go on a search and rescue mission just to get a drink refill. I will keep coming here because I have yet to have a bad experience. I always leave full and satisfied.
3	If I hadn't had a free voucher for two to this buffet, I probably would have left feeling slightly unsatisfied.  It was good, but not amazing.  The crab legs were a nice touch, but not enough to make me want to go back.  Drinks were pretty expensive, and our waiter even said they're made really weak.
1	I booked a vacation through Southwest. that included a free buffet at Aria. I loved the rooms at Aria, but the buffet was terrible. If I eat at a buffet in Vegas, I usually go to to the buffet at Wynn, which is excellent. The prime rib at the Aria was more like a Sunday night roast, and the rest of the entrees were marginal at best. I thought the food and service was so bad that I would not  eat there again even if they offered it for free. Maybe that's the reason they included the free buffet as part of the vacation package! Really disappointed in the quality and service for such a nice hotel.
5	I rate 5 of 5 stars to The Buffet at the Aria Resort and Casino. I have tried many of the buffets on the Las Vegas strip and only two meet my standard for 5 star buffets based on selection, food quality and presentation. The Buffet offers a wide selection of reasonable foods to eat; I can honestly say that I'd eat every selection they offer. The food quality is high and attractive presentation.To be totally honest, the best buffet on the strip is at Bellagio and the Aria is a second placeholder. There are key differences: Bellagio is vastly larger with double or triple the selections of Aria. The downside is that Bellagio buffet is always crowded with long lines (I've waited nearly an hour to get inside) while Aria was quick to seat and quick to make your food choices. At Bellagio buffet, expect to walk around alot to find what you want, at Aria, the buffet is in a simple line; easy to find quick to grab food and chow-down.Bottom line: I prefer Aria's The Buffet for its quick, easy, high quality meal. I have done several breakfasts and dinners at the Buffet.
4	The thing to do in Vegas (besides gambling/drinking/clubbing) is eating buffets! My friends have been telling me that this place is one of the better buffets in Vegas so I knew I had to give this place a try.I came here for Brunch on a Saturday..when I got here there was a line, but it moved pretty fast and we didn't wait too long even though there was a group of 12 of us. The price was about $32 and plus gratuity was about $41 bucks for each of us. Some of my friends chose to get bottomless champagne /mamosas....their total came out to be about $50. The buffet like everything else about Aria is very pretty. I noticed the dessert area first and it was sooo pretty. Probably the prettiest dessert bar that I have seen in any Vegas buffet. The selection of the food was good...not too big not too small. Its all about quality over quantity here. Everything that I got was good for the most part...this is probably one of the better buffets that I have been to in Vegas. My favorite part here is the dessert of course. So good and yummy.
3	Food was good. We had brkfst here. Not enough servers. I was poured coffee, it had some strange stuff floating in it! Asked for mgr. that took awhile.  Food tasted fine.  Went there the following day for brkfst & they raised the price, more than double what we paid the previous day.  They said the increased price was because it was "brunch" pricing, even though it was a weekday.  What the hell!!!  We left & ate a brkfst at a neighboring hotel's buffet
1	This place is still subpar at best. For the price, go next door to Bellagio or the Wicked Spoon at Cosmo. I've given this place three tries already and the only thing I can commend it for is in its consistency at disappointing me. The food selection, in addition to being bland, was sparse. The dessert selection - by higher end buffet standards - was also not good. The buffet's design and layout is particularly puzzling to me; why would you have elevation changes in a dining room where people are walking back and forth will tons of food on their plates?! The elevation change made walking around a pain because it forced everyone to walk along the same spaces, thus leading to congestion.
1	one star is too high for this buffet.I have been here once before when they first open and it was great. they had jumbo shirmp, sashimi and everything taste good however, came here for lobster night on new year day, I was disappointed.it's about $45 per person.you can only get half lobster per person for the whole meal.the worst of all, the lobster looks green in the center.I have never seem lobster that's green color.so I ask the waitress to change for a normal one.and she says it's all like that so I demand to have the price deducted from our bill.so after waiting 20 minutes she brought me a white one.(a normal one)all the food is really bad tasting  for the price they charge.you even have to peel the skin of shrimp yourself!!!!! what the..............?desert bar is very small and very limited selection.I left very unsatisfied and stomach half empty.
3	When first walking into the Buffet at Aria I was very pleased. The atmosphere is pleasant. The decor is not over the top. It is just a nice place to dine. I was surprised to find that on Friday to Sunday evenings your buffet also includes a whole Maine Lobster for two and all you can drink house wine.When we first sat down it took over ten minutes before anyone came by to take our drink order. Our server seemed to not be in a good mood and we thought we might have problems, but that didn't seem to last very long and she provided very good service after our first encounter. For my wine selection I chose the Buffet's house red, which is a Merlot. I am sometimes hesitant about ordering house wines. They can tend to be watery, acidic, and have not much flavor. I was very pleased with the Buffet's house Merlot. It had a pleasant aroma, nice legs, and the flavor was acidic to the point of just giving it a little kick. The after taste was quite pleasing as well. The wine was a pleasant addition to my dining experience.The floor of the Buffet is spread out with many live-action stations and a large selection to choose from. The selection includes what you might find in many buffets in Las Vegas, Sushi, Mexican, Italian, Prime Meats, Soups, and Deserts. But, all the selections have more of a gourmet feel to them. The salad bar is not very large, but it provides all you need to make a very nice salad. There is no iceberg lettuce to be found, only romaine and spring greens. There are many toppings for your salad as well as about a dozen dressings to choose from. They have a made to order pasta station with many pastas and toppings. The carving station has several meats including lamb, turkey and prime rib. I had a slice of the prime rib. I was surprised that I was given a thin English Cut and not a thicker slice, but the flavor was very good. Not as high quality as I would expect from a high end steak house, but the meat was tender and tasty.One thing you don't find at all the buffets in Las Vegas is a deli station. This station has several meats, cheeses, breads, and condiments to make a quite tasty sandwich. Another item on the deli station I was pleased to find was an olive tray. There were several types of olives to delight in. Each having it's own unique flavor and texture. the Buffet at Aria is the only buffet in Las Vegas to showcase a Tandoor oven. Out of this oven comes kabobs, freshly baked naan, and one of my favorite items at the Buffet, a chicken & cheese quesadilla. Out of a Tandoor oven you may ask, yes, it was wonderful.The last items for most people are the items in the dessert station. This station is not very large, but it does not need to be. There is a lot in this station including cookies, pastries, and freshly made ice cream. Many items are also prepared without sugar. This station is the work of World Pastry Champion Chef Jean-Philippe Maury. I had a chocolate chip cookie which was very rich. I could not finish it. I also had a scoop of their freshly made Butterfingers Ice Cream. It was very creamy and had a wonderful taste.All-in-all this was a pleasant dining experience, but I would not put it at the top of the Buffets in Las Vegas, even though I did enjoy it.
3	After having experienced the Carnival World Buffet disaster the night before, we were a tad bit leary of buffets.......BUT, we had these complimentary passes to any MGM resort buffet, the Aria being one of them, so we could not pass up a "freebie."  Four of us ate an $80 meal for free.  That's good enough for me.I was a bit leary also because I had read others' reviews, and I wasn't so sure it was going to be anything decent.  The Rio's World buffet was decent enough (for what I wanted), but there was just so much other BS that it was pretty unenjoyable for us.  Here, at the Aria buffet, we were pleasantly surprised.  I pretty much got cold foods like various kinds of ceviche, sushi, Thai salads, cold, poached whitefish, salmon spread.  The ceviches, in particular, were quite tasty, if not spicy, but I really enjoyed them all.  I didn't participate in their halved, ready to eat crab legs.  I had enough the night before.  I also couldn't muster up the desire to eat hot foods, then ultimately stuffing myself......so I didn't.  Plus, I had to save room for Jean Phillipe's pastries.....oh, hell YAH !!!  That was a MUST.  Unfortunately, for me, a pastry snob and baker in my own right, they were good, but they were NOT amazing.  Sorry, but they weren't.  I tasted the banana caramel cake, and it was just banana cake.  Couldn't taste caramel.  The apple rum raisin pie was overpowered by the rum flavored raisins......wasn't a fan.  The bread pudding was my favorite, that, I definitely liked.  I also tasted their strawberry gelato.......quite delicious and packing a strong strawberry punch.  The chocolate brownie was laced with too many walnuts......a turn-off for me.  The pecan bar was decent, but the cappuccino dollop didn't work with it.  Here's the other thing.......downstairs from the buffet is an actual shop of Jean Phillipe's pastries, and THOSE will dazzle your eyes.  THOSE were amazing to look at, and while I didn't get to try any (too full !!!), I would like to think they were better than was presented upstairs at the buffet.  I'd like to know why ALL of those items were not offered at the buffet.  That was a bit disappointing to me.  That being said, all too many times we have all discovered the oh so great looking food item LOOKS better than it tastes, so while I know to beware of the "looks can be deceiving" reality, I just don't know with the store displays...........those pastries are so impressive.I would go back to this buffet again......maybe when I'm in a mood to try hot foods, perhaps more room in my stomach.  However, I would probably hold out for the Jean Phillipe Patisserie downstairs......gotta try some of those next time !!!!!  I think this place is 3.5 worthy, but all I can only select 3 on the scale.
2	Decent buffet but definitely not worth the $37+ per person on the weekend.
3	Came here on a weekday morning. No wait at all, seated right away. Efficient waitress/ Buffet has a wide assortment of items, and tastes really fresh. Coffee is pretty good too, surprisingly. However, maybe it's because I came for the morning buffet, but the Wynn does it better...
4	$22 for a buffet in vegas. Im in!! loved the modern, chill aura they had. nice staff. not too fancy or over the top. had a good amount of food. not too much. i liked it lot. didmt leave overly full, but the meal was totally worth it.. the creme bulee was delish.
3	We went for brunch on Saturday because we had vouchers as part of our hotel package at Vdara.  The vouchers afforded us $20 each for a buffet at any MGM resort.  Honestly?  If I had paid full price for this buffet, I'd have been pissed.  The $25 extra we paid was really not even worth it.Hot breakfast items were lukewarm at best and the dishes honestly just weren't that great.  The husband did enjoy the sushi portion of the buffet and I enjoyed the made to order omelet station.  Other than that, though...not a fan.
3	We got a complimentary buffet pass so we decided to use it here since it was right next to Vdara. Let's just say I wasnt impressed with their selection at all. They seem to offer a nice greasy variety for breakfast and for lunch it was random. We must have walked several rounds around the buffet trying to figure out what we should eat not because we were overwhelmed with the selection but because I couldn't figure what to eat with some of the selections they offered. Their mixed salads were extremely soggy and flavorless so there goes my excuse for attempting to eat healthy. I think I would give their dinner buffet a try next time but skipping out on their brunch since the selection was not too impressive during our experience.
3	Came here during the Christmas week, so there was a premium price on the buffet during lunchtime, about $30-something per person. The regular line up to get in was PACKED, so if it wasn't for the line pass we had, it would've been bye bye to the buffet.Been here before last year and it seems the quality has gone down. The food was okay, but there really wasn't anything to write home about. They have your standard stuff that can be found in other buffets like shrimps, prime rib, roasted chicken, etc etc. They also have the king crab legs which seem to be the main attraction as I saw many people just having piles and piles of them on their plates. I didn't try the king crab legs as I'm not fond of them in general. I found many of the food to be kinda dry and so I have to put a lot of sauce on them to taste better.The best part I found was the dessert. They have different kinds of dessert from creme brulee to creampuffs to different flavors of ice cream, as well as brownies, banana fosters, and cookies. I tried the creme brulee and cookies and they're pretty good. Better than the main stuff honestly.Pop and juice are included in the price, so try to take advantage of that.Not worth the $30-something for lunch, but ok for the regular $20-something.
4	THREE STARS GUYS?? Really? Are you guys buffet snobs and know of better ones and not telling me? Because honestly, I eat, and I want to know. The M is on my list...any others? Seriously, I only eat in Vegas, so I need more to do.But the Aria buffet, compared to the other major casino's buffet along the strip is the best one that I've had - taking into account price and quality (better and cheaper than Wynn). It was around $32 per person for dinner on a weeknight.There's something nice about the fact that it's not just food piled on top of food, you know? Because some buffets just do that. HERE'S A BUNCH OF FOOD and it looks great for feasting with your eyes, but taste wise...eeeeeeeh.Aria's is clean and arranged in a way where food looks delicious (and sanitary), but not in the NOW GO STUFF YOURSELF sort of way. Though, okay, the crab legs are done as such, but did you guys see the chickens? LINED UP FOR YOU! The cocktail shrimp even comes in little glass cups - but only one to a glass (wish it was at least three).Okay, and you know how Vegas buffet sushi usually sucks? The rice is hard and cold (why would you even allow yourself to serve that?), the Aria one is actually pretty decent. I actually contemplated getting more.The salads were creative tasted fresh. The build your own pasta was decent (if you want to try but save space for other buffet-type things, ask for half the usual amount). The seafood ravioli looks pretty average and gross, and I would have skipped it had the lady next to me not ooze about how good it was yesterday and just HAD to come back. So I tried it, and it actually tasted...fresh? Not fresh out of ocean fresh, but it was good.I tried the Indian. They had a nice (I believe) Cantonese lady making the Indian, so while one of the dishes was great and spicy (and completely unauthentic), the chick peas were watery. Also, the garlic na'an, while delicious, did not have the consistency of na'an...more like the Chinese/Taiwanese green onion pancakes.And the dessert. *sigh* the best part. What an amazing presentation. I wanted to try all of it. I actually did get about 8 desserts (not exaggerating) for my table of 4, and I personally did major work on all of them. They're fantastic. Great flavors, not too sweet, and not overly heavy. I LOVE creme brulee and would always get it at buffets and order it at restaurants. Until I found out how to make it. Then I just realized it wasn't worth it. But somehow, the dessert masters at Aria made it taste incredibly light for a creme brulee. My favorite, though, is the bread pudding. I just thought of it a few minutes ago, leading me to write this review. Love it! The apple crumble was not my favorite. But what I appreciated was that you can taste the real honey they used in it (probably from France, because they provided a small jar of honey from France for our tea). You can easily remedy the over powering honey in the crumble with a scoop of gelato =)Service was a bit slow in the refilling of tea and picking plates up. Understandably, we came in about 1.5 hours before the closed, but at the same time...=T
2	The Buffet, like the rest of Aria, looks promising, but somehow is just oddly off.  It's a vibe that says "Hey, we're new and sleek and modern, isn't that enough?".   There is some good food, and most of it is okay, but not really worth the long wait and the price they charge.  Also, the layout is really odd, with all of the food around the outer perimeter of the seating area.  Depending on where you sit, you may have to walk a long way to see it all.  I guess that's one way to burn off the calories.   Also, there are no self-serve drinks.  That may be okay for a place that isn't very crowded, but with the number of people they pump through these buffets, it doesn't cut it.
4	The only memorable thing is everything on the posi+ive list. =)  Here's the scoop:+ crab legs (ask to get them steamed)+ shrimp cocktail (i got 9 servings, like a shrimp junkie) + chicken curry + naan bread (regular butter & garlic)+ won ton soup (omg, motha f-ing deeeelish)+ gelato (3-4 flavors, always changing, always delicious)+ mini cheesecake+ bananas foster (imagine a warm gooshy banana with caramel)+ creme brulee+ very open dining area - bacon chicken salad (if you like bacon, bacon and bacon, maybe you'll like it)Don't forget to tip the waitress. The girl we had was on top of it! There was about 15 of us and our plates were always cleared and our glasses always full of drank. Kind of expensive...around $30/person I think? But if you want to try a yummy, safe buffet, come to the Aria and splurge. If anything, the desserts will impress you.
4	love love loved it! Came on Sunday (day after new years) at 5pm....no lines?!?! Boy were we hungry and lucky.So here's the 411, if you don't know how to pick food from any restaurant you won't know how to pick food from a buffet. Those haters can just go home. What to get:- Chinese Section (salad, black noodle thing, ahi tuna, fish)- Beef stew thing- Pork (big pig, looks dry but almost melts in your mouth!)- Selected salads- Crab legs (I would never eat this at buffets, but its not salty! Good quality)- Sauteed Veggies- Some meatsDisappointed:- Lamb- Sushi- DessertDon't save yours stomach for desserts. If you want a taste, friends recommended the gelato ice cream, and maybe carrot cake. For Vegas buffet, I love quality vs quantity. Other recommend buffets would be Rio World, Rio Seafood, Wynn Buffets.We came during New Years time so the prices were raised? And can't use any deals on this place...like the 24/7 buffet deal.
1	HORRIBLE! Oh god, where to start? They charged us the "holiday price" since it was 4 days after Christmas apparently, but had nothing "holiday" to serve us. The crab legs were gray and mushy, they told us there were lox and bagels--nope, and the meat was all fatty. It was a ridiculously overpriced cafeteria, oh and they charged us 18% gratuity for our group. For what? bring us a fork when we beg? Awful. Did I say that already? The only thing decent were the desserts, but they are probably shipped in. Oh and the line was over and hour for non-skysuite people. Ugh.
4	I love the muesli!  Good sushi, roast station, and dessert bar, too.  They also have pretty good quality selection with this price.  I like their buffet much better than Bellagio's .  I thought Bellagio had more food to choose, but only a few stations are good, and it costs more.  If I'm going to a buffet, I'll pick the one at Aria.
3	This place has A LOT of selection. They do the whole different types of cuisine thing with Asian to Mediterranean. They have this "gourmet dinner" on Fri-Sun where you get unlimited white or red wine and a whole lobster for two. But it's like $40 a person.  Nothing really amazed me at this buffet. The best part for me was the gelato bar. Butterfinger gelato was the best of the whole buffet. The made to order pasta bar was pretty good too.
1	Came here after it was recommended for it's large selection of food, however we were left very disappointed.For $48 dollars each, you get unlimited food, wine, and they also serve lobster tail. But after being seated, we realized there was a lack of staff, and we were getting pretty thirsty. We flag down a person who looks to be ranked higher, and explain that we'd like our server so we can get some soda or water, or wine even.Finally, I take my receipt and I go to walk to the front to complain, because according to my receipt, I have been sitting here for 20 mins with no drink, no "hi i'm so and so" no nothing.As i'm about to instigate, I notice a lady with what looks to be our drinks on her tray. So I went back and didn't complain. We got our drinks and then we went to get our plates for the buffet.Everything looked really really good - presentation gets an A to A+ for the most part, however the 20 min wait for drinks should have been our first indication...I placed a few items on my plate: tamale, white Indian rice, tandoori chicken, asparagus, potatoes, pineapple and cantaloupe, a slice of steak meat, and some pita bread.All of it tasted either bland, bad, nasty, awful, or worse.Round 2: pita bread, indian white rice, curry vegetables on top.I want my $48 dollars back. I should have kept walking past the waitress lady and complained like I was doing, but I backed out because I didn't want to be the asshole in my group who complained.Well, realize you need "bad guys" sometimes, who will point the finger and hold others accountable: This place took over 20mins to get us soda, and their food was so bad we all almost had to get McDonalds or something to cover up the nasty food we just ate. Never again. NEVER NEVER NEVER.
2	Bit of a disappointment. Since the hotel class is comparable to Wynn & Bellagio, I compare their Buffet to Wynn's & Bellagio's.For one, their pricing are almost the same. We came here for dinner. When you go and survey the place, it would look like that you will have alot of selection, but you don't. One section was serving Indian food, so one section was all Hummus, Baba ganoush and stuff. In short, just sauces.  I like and appreciate Chicken Tandoori, when I tried it, it was  dry, looks like it was over cooked. I went back to see if the other batch would be better... looked the same, so I did not bother.The Prime rib was okay. I tried their Italian section, I like their clam & Mussles soup. Their pasta selection was "lifeless".Their dessert section is really good, but not enough to make me want to come back and pay that much.
2	Food was good.  On weekend dinner they have all you can drink wine.  For bottomless wine it was decent, the only problem was that the server only refilled my glass once and I had to ask her to do it.  Service was just meh.Be warned: if you have the shrimp, you will have to pull off all the crap yourself.  Ambiance was just OK.  I would go to the Wynn or even the Bellagio before I'd return to this buffet.
3	This buffet does not belong in a 5 star hotel.  It was overpriced for the quality, when compared to Bellagio's or Wynn's buffet.  We only ate here because of $100 credit that came with hotel room
5	One of my fav buffet here in vegas! Great selection, attentive servers and they serve crabs in the morning too! Lol
2	The food here was all just okay. Nothing tasted horrible but they didn't taste good either. I went on Thursday so maybe the good chef works on Friday or Saturday when they have their Gourmet dinners. I would say the best item here was either the prime rib (for a buffet place, it's good) or else the cocktail shrimp. The sauce was perfect and not a skimpy shrimp and it was decorated very well. My favorite thing here was the desserts. The Whooping Pie was like a mousse filling with a soft chocolate cake around it.The thing that saved our evening here, was our waiter was just AWESOME.
3	We came on a Monday so there was probably less food than usual. It was all just okay.  Alaskan King crab can be steamed upon request! This is what we came for and even though it wasn't that great, we were happy that we didn't have to eat cold crab legs! This was a really nice service and they happily satisfied your request, each and every time!
3	Just tried this place recently for brunch on a Sunday. The price was about $33, which was more than I had expected. The place was okay. Nothing too special. I tried the brunch buffet at Wicked Spoon for $22 which I thought was a better deal. None of the food choices really stood out to me. They had a good amount of desserts but my favorite was probably the Butterfinger gelato. Other than the food, the place was nice and clean. This buffet isn't that crowded. When I went there was no line. Though everything was just average, the service was pretty good.
2	Really Aria? Really?We ate here on a weekday and not a weekend (where they have lobster) and my oh my was it ever disappointing.  $30 for a weeknight buffet, knowing what I know now, we would have went to M buffet or even RIO for half off local special.  BUT now we know, and knowing is half the battle (G.I. JOE!).You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA. SUSTENANCE: Food was okay.  The problem was the selection, not a very large buffet. The night we went they had 2 slabs of meat , prime rib and beef brisket at the carving station.  The Prime Rib was a little dry and not as good as other buffets that serve that cut.  The brisket was a bit better and was very tender and delicious. They had a plethora of salads, i enjoyed the spicy shrimp and the orzo salad, not too bland and good flavor.  Crab legs were chilled and pre-sliced leaving you to do little work to get that oh so succulent crab meat.  TIP: You can have them steam your crab legs if you ask!They had the typical fare for the rest of the buffet and though the selection wasn't that large to begin with you can tell they were at least TRYING to be a good buffet. There was a trio of Indian fare (chicken in curry and an eggplant dish were pretty decent), some Italian selections (pasta station w/ choice of 3 sauces - pomodoro, alfredo, and i forget the 3rd), Mexican station (gauc, shredded beef, umm I couldn't find tortilla shells), and a Chinese area (typical Chinese food - chow mein, orange chicken, etc).Dessert was good.   Cinnamon bread pudding, red velvet whoopee pies, and carrot cake with a strawberry sauce were my fav's.  but still... You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA. AMBIANCE: Modern decor with bright colors and tiles on the wall.  A little plain and one person in our group even mentioned that it felt like we were eating at a hospital cafeteria. We all agreed. You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA. For $30, I would rather walk across the bridge to cosmopolitan and eat at Wicked Spoon Buffet for $5 more.  If you want to eat here just to "try it cause you've tried all other buffets" (the reason we ate here) then by all means go right ahead, but If you trust your fellow yelpers...skip this one.You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA.
3	Friend and I went there for Brunch/breakfast buffet on a tuesday. It was fairly cheap I tink 15 bucks and it ended up being 6 dollars more per person for unlimited mimosas and bloody marys or just straight champagne. So your looking at a 21 buck buffet. The food was decent nothing blew me away but there is something for everyone. But its just ok.. I wouldnt say omg you have to go to this buffett. This was actually voted one of the top 5 buffet in vegas and I def dont think so. Ive been to the Monte Carlo buffet and I think the quality of food there was better and it was cheaper. The waiter was very slow with clearing tables and refilling drinks. Granted we are drinking straight champagne at 10am but still do your job. The hotel Aria itself is very modern and quite stunning. Would I return to this buffet again ... prob not when there are others with better food quality.
3	Ok, the buffet was a lil pricey for brunch and bottomless mimosas = $38. So for that amount of money I expected champagne to be flowing like crazy but NO, they said they ran out of champagne...WHAT?? We asked for a refill and they said yes at first and avoided our table. Ok we were kind of loud and obnoxious but who isn't in Vegas? Then a lady came and told us they ran out after about 20 min. All we wanted was one more refill...so lame. The food was delicious though despite the crappy service. They had a huge variety of meats like prime rib, pork, ham, sirloin steak. They also had sushi, chinese, and a great breakfast. The mash potatoes with country gravy was to die for. The dessert was bomb, they had regular/sugar free gelato and a million different cakes. The food overall was really yummy, not so sure about the service.
5	Great gourmet food for the money, and a really wonderful dessert selection.The weekend dinner is a bit expensive - $38 / person which includes drinks, a small lobster, and endless king crab and snow crab legs.If you arent crazy about drinks and lobsters, try weekday lunch which is about $25 and probably one of the best value buffet considering quality of the food.
3	Very clean place. Selection was limited but what they did have was prepared very well. Breakfast was good with the menu improving for dinner. Overall no complaints.
4	i really enjoyed the buffet at the aria. my husband and i had complementary lunches here when we arrived. the selection was really great and there were a few items that stood out for me, the mini ban mi sandwiches, the pad thai, and i love that breakfast was still an option. and if you love desserts, the dessert selection was amazing. one of the best that i've seen in vegas. the red velvet whoppie pies were so good!we decided to eat here again right before we left vegas and the selection changed up a little since it was closer to breakfast, but still great options.
2	are you in vegas? do you want to eat till you drop or have to unbutton your pants? well, buffets are definitely the way to go! aria buffet on the other hand... well meh.. i've truly experienced better.aria buffet... it's just alright. nothing too special! you would think that in such a fancy hotel such as aria the food would be great. i came here for dinner with my boyfriend. there wasn't a line. we got seated right away.they gave 1 complimentary lobster for the boyfriend & i. the lobster was not that great to be honest. but i guess since it's a buffet and its complimentary i can't exactly complain. don't be greedy with the crab legs like i did, because i didn't want to waste food and made myself stuff it down. it wasn't that great either. i squeezed so much lemon on those suckers but still the lemon just didn't want to be on those crab legs.snickers cheesecake wasn't good. i liked that they had gelato however it was limited in flavors. the cranberry juice here is like one of the best i've had! so i would highly recommend that! gosh i grabbed a little of everything and i would have to say the chicken noodle soup and prime rib was the best. thank goodness the meal was free. i'm really glad we didn't have to pay for this meal because it so wasn't worth it.i tried the sushi section. it was just okay. i can't complain because its a buffet. buffet sushi isn't ever truly that great. fish wasn't exactly fresh but wasn't exactly nasty. just tolerable. service was decent. i would have appreciated the waitress having a little more of a smile on her face. she actually looked pretty mean. if you're looking for a good buffet, i'll recommend planet hollywood!
5	This was located at the Aria....I liked this Buffet quite a bit. I am comparing this to other buffets I have had. We used to come to Vegas for the fabulous buffets , 99 cent shrimp cocktails, and the free drinks on the tables. Well at least the drinks are still "theoretically free"   haha. Now no one comes just for the buffets ,but rather the 5 star chefs restaurants located in the many ritzy hotels!  Ok every hotel has a buffet, some are really really big and others specialize in a few things like "seafood" or lobster .This buffet is not too big and offers a good selection of quality items. I don't need food from all over the world and a sample of every dish, however what i do want is quality dishes for what is put out. I found that the beef , prime rib, and the seafood (crab legs) were very good.  Aria even had an omelet bar for breakfast... a real plus!  I did try a little spanish rice and some pasta.... just for a taste and they were good too. I always have a little vegetables, salads, and various greens, and those were all quite exceptional. Now don't expect to get some fantastic service besides a few big  drinks, it is well worth the brunch price......champagne doesn't hurt either
3	OK writing a review of a buffet in Vegas, your kidding me... OK this one is easy.  Food was a 4.  Crab Legs were enjoyed, prime rib was very tasty and just about every other item was very very good.  Price 2 stars, come on aria is upscale hotel, but 32 for buffet is a little crazy.  HOWEVER, we had a group of 11, charging people who have more than 8 people an 18% gratuity when all you do is slam 3 tables together and the same person who would have brought us our drinks ANYWAY does nothing more is a sin.... 1 star seriously, not enough to get hosed in the casino but to get the shaft upstairs as well was not cool.  But obviously you don't care.  So advice to all, don't tell them you are in a big group, just force the hostess to put u near each other, besides your gonna be grazing anyway, not talking.
4	I was between giving this 3 or 4 starts, and settled on 4, just because I LOVE DESSERTS. That being said, here's the low-down.Food:+Excellent variety of foods. You got your pizzas (I wanted to try the Margherita pizza, but no room!), your Indian foods (tandoori chicken and curry and basmati rice and such), your Chinese foods(which I think were done quite well! I guiltily enjoyed my chow fun and friend rice, even knowing how cheaply filling they were), little noodle cups(the green tea soba noodles with peanut chicken was my fave), sushi(not an awesome selection, but it's there), sliced and carved meats, king and snow crab legs already sliced in their shell(though they were just average), a selection of cold meats and cheeses, etc...+DESSERTS. I have an insatiable sweet tooth, so this really was the cherry on the cake for me. The chocolate-covered puff cereal/marshmallow clusters were simple and delicious, the creme brulee wasn't fancy but I still loved me some runny custard, and the Grand Marnier creme puff was beautifully decorated and awesomely edible, every part. What else...they had bananas foster, fancy schmancy whoopie pies, blondies, cobblers, cheesecakes...soooo many options!+Free red wine? I think I heard that right. It was offered to me, but I declined, so I can't say much about that.Service:-Not great. Sat there for a little while after we were seated, and no one came so we just went to get our food. We were probably halfway through our first plates when we finally got our waters.Other:+/- They automatically bring lobster to your table, even if you don't ask for it. Good if you like lobster(it's nothing exceptional, though. I found it to be dry, but not terrible), bad if you're already full by that time or not a lobster fan and then you feel sorry letting lobster go to waste.- Plan to get there a little early if you think you'll be hungry. This is not a walk-up-and-get-your-food buffet. There is a line, and you wait to be seated. They will also seat people who are behind you in line if they have tables for parties of that size.- $40 a person. In this case, buffet != cheap eats. I think the variety of food offered made it worth the price, but just be aware of this going in.Overall:Expensive but probably justifiably so. Service not great. Variety was awesome, but quality of food varied. Not all great, but there were some gems in there, and if you're a foodie, it's pretty fun to try everything and find some delicious stuff.
2	Meh.You'd expect a brand new, snazzy hotel to wow you with a marvelous buffet...it was mediocre at best.My worst experience was getting burned by a VERY hot metal serving spoon right in front of a server, dropping it, and him giving me a condescending look. Really? The waitress tried to get us drunk by putting 3/4 champagne in our mimosas...it's not bad, but I'd like to also taste the orange juice.Food included Asian, Mexican, breakfast and roast beef with the works. There were no tags or signs, since they hand write it on the glass covers...hope you can read their writing. And as for the dessert? 3 kinds of oatmeal cookies, chocolate whoopie (tasteless) pie, flan, and ice cream. I read the desserts were amazing.........where have people been comparing these to, hometown buffet? They were, at most, subpar.Not worth the $40+ per person + $6 drink.
2	My girlfriend and I are veteran Vegas buffet junkies. We've been to almost all the buffets on the strip and have been going for years. Aria's buffet received two stars not because of the food quality, but because of the disappointment factor. We expected a Wynn or Bellagio quality Buffet for the price and location, but it was well below par. The other reviews are very appropriate, it is very drab and boring inside, someone said it looked like a cafeteria, they were about right. If you went for the lobster, don't set your hopes too high. The lobster was dry and you only receive half a lobster, it's like Todai.
4	I wasn't disappointed. 1/2 lobster comes with the buffet. Crab legs are cut lengthwise for easy access. Dessert bar is amazing. Wine is complementary. I haven't been to many buffets, so I guess I'm not that picky. Definitely got my money's worth.
2	While the entire buffet scene in Vegas have gone downhill over last few years, this one is especially BAD.  I came here to try their Sunday "Gourmet" Brunch.  Its 32.95+ tax but the it was a huge disappointment!  In Short, don't waste your money to come here.The line was non existent when I came.  I felt it was not a good sign.  The foods were quite mediocre.  They have alot cutbacks for their brunch.  King Crabs are gone, snow crabs instead (Like Wynn).  FYI, King Crab only available on weekend dinner so I have been told. The quality of the crab is....crap.  Soggy and soft.  Lack of flavors.Rest of the foods were non remarkable.  The presentations weren't good so did the taste of food.   Dry steaks, dry salads. Horrible Asian stations and their Italian station didn't look too good either.Their desserts are one of their best tasting station to save this review from having 1* only.  I like their cheese cakes and apple pie but rest of them are just ...blah.Save of your money and go somewhere else.  If you are on comp.  Try to venture other a la carte dining options in this hotel or other MGM properties.
4	I went for brunch on a Friday morning around 11am.  The line was super small and it only took us about 10-15 minutes to be seated.  We were a large group of 11 and they had no issues.  We also ordered the unlimited champagne with our brunch price.  The atmosphere in the place was very nice and open.  I liked how they really separated the buffet area from the tables.  This allowed for better movement.  After reading these reviews I was surprised to have the nicest waitress.  She was so kind and constantly checked up on us to make sure we had enough champagne.  She was such a sweetheart.  I wish I knew her name.  The champagne was good, and one friend got the bloody Mary and she seemed to enjoy it.The food selection was much better than I thought it would be.  To start off they had crab legs, which I didn't think they would for a Friday brunch.  They were a good size and very delicious.  They also had bagels made to order where you could get smoked salmon along with some other spreads.  They had a carving station that had ham and brisket.  Some of my favorite dishes were the lentil curry, carrot ginger soup, pad tai, and spicy shrimp cups.  The desert selection was also very nice.  I'm not much of a dessert person but they had lots of gelato, cookies, bananas foster, cakes, and anything you could think of.  I was really happy with their ethnic food selection as well.  Overall I would definitely returns because of the reasonable price, great service, and quality of food.
4	More like 3.5 stars. $40 + tax for a "gourmet dinner" buffet. Pretty typical rate for a Vegas buffet. The buffet at Aria does come with a serving of lobster and bottomless wine (between chardonnay or merlot). Yes, the Vegas drunkenness continues through dinner! Anyway, we came right around 4pm which was the start time for their gourmet dinner and there wasn't really a line. Didn't really fill up until about 6pm. Yes, I ate for over two hours and I'm damn proud of it.The lobster seemed overcooked and tough. It was too dry which made it pretty tough to chew. Oh well. Not bad still. Prime rib was amazing. Perfectly executed.. Great outer layer of spice and nice and bloody...just how I like it. There was also a lamb roast that was also really great. It was really tender and had just the right amount seasoning on it. Crab legs were fine. Very fresh and easy to pick off its shell. The lemons suck though. You'd be lucky to get 5 drops out of them (I need my lemons!). They also had Indian dishes like Tandoori chicken and various curries, but I didn't really try it. Pizza and pasta bar, etc. etc. Nothing special. Not too many other options. Dessert was okay. They didn't have creme brulee :( The gelato was nice. Mixed berry was my fave. Banana creme was probably the best cake there. Other than that, nothing else worth mentioning for the dessert.Service was decent. I think our original server was pretty good at checking in for taking plates off our table and refilling our wine. The whole plates thing got annoying though because I wanted a plate to keep my crab shells on there. Oh well. Lastly, I think after her shift was done, the person who replaced her didn't really check in with us. I guess I just ate for too long and they got tired of us lolOverall, I'd probably still choose Bellagio over Aria. More options, better desserts, and better lemons lol. If I do come back to Aria, I'd make sure to ask my server if they could give more servings of lobster!
3	Went for breakfast. Cheaper than eating in the cafe. Everything gluten free is labeled as such, amazing! Gluten free choices are basic though- eggs, bacon/sausage, potatoes and fruit. Food was just ok.
4	I am really fond of their quality complimentary wine and lobster for each customer! It has been named as "The Best Buffet " in the year of 2010 or 2009, which drove me to try. Never regret! Fresh crab legs , great variety of desserts. This is much better than Wicked Spoon!
2	Occasion: Brunch with MCT friends What I Had: Weekend Brunch ($41 total) Food Review:  Was unimpressed. I am convinced that the $41 price tag is mostly due to a premium to avoid the wait. The $35 (before tax) buffet at the Wynn trumped Aria by a long shot. Their asian food was gross: the chow mein was soo salty, the dumplings were strangely chewy/rubbery on the edges, and their fried rice had too much soy sauce. The breakfast food was average. The sushi was maybe TroGro level sushi or similar to Safeway sushi. I was disappointed with their breakfast burrito as well, which was so saturated with hot sauce that I couldn't taste any of the components like egg or sausage. I will say that the desserts here, solely in terms of taste, were for the most part just as good as the buffet at the Wynn. I had their strawberry cheesecake with white chocolate, and it was delish. Service Review: Self serve. Venue Review: Although there was no line whatsoever and plenty of seating (chairs and booths), the buffet had to be at least half the size (or maybe even a third or quarter the size!) of the buffet at the Wynn. They also didn't have much unique selection (e.g., the buffet at the Wynn has croquettes and other cool and normally high-value items). Overall Impression: Unsatisfactory! Aside from the clean and classy decor in the Aria, the buffet had little to offer, especially compared to that of the top buffets on the strip, and especially at that price.
4	I was sitting in my hotel room at Excalibur trying to find a buffet that isn't a complete fail (like Cravings at Mirage) and I came across a top ten list of buffets in Vegas!  AWESOME!  One of the top ones was Aria, and in the description, it sang of how eclectic it is.  My fiance loves seafood, my mom is a foodie, and I get really bored easily.  This place sounded PERFECT!  The location is beautiful inside... extremely modern.  I was pleased to find an array of cultural dishes for my mom, a great deal of variety for me, king crab legs and snow crab legs for my fiance.  I read a lot of the bad reviews on here and disagree, but maybe I got lucky on the night I came, apparently you just shouldn't come here for brunch.I enjoyed the Tandoori and the Carving Station.  They had garlic Na'an, it calls to me like the mothership.  The server was really sweet and attentive, and their coffee was even delicious.  I loved the dessert bar the most because it has miniature pies. cheesecakes, Grand Marnier cream puffs, and GELATO!The thing about the Aria buffet is that it really is a destination... due to its location in Aria, most people wouldn't just happen across it while perusing the casino.  The lack of lines may be due to that.  I've seen an hour wait for Bellagio's buffet and I was not particularly impressed.
3	It is what it is, which is a buffet with a plethora of foods including asian, italian, greek, spanish, etc. I will admit though, I had more (cold) crab legs than I could have eaten in a years time simply because I could! It was a good option for us during lunch, seeing as it had so many options, which is why we came back 3 days in a row.The sushi was mediocre at best, the only choices being spicy tuna, california and one day some salmon nigiri popped up. I felt like the rice was overbearing for the most part. The Ham was juicy (and I don't eat ham often), as were the other carving board meats. I did find many of the dishes to be extremely under seasoned, which is to be expected I suppose.What we loved the most were the decadent desserts and the $6 unlimited champagne option at lunch! Nothing starts your day in Vegas better than some delicious mimosas! For not being a sweets person, I would have eaten each and every one of them have I had more room! Not only did they taste like heaven, they all looked picture perfect straight out of a magazine. I loved the creme brule, carrot cake and coffee gelato personally.My boyfriend had experienced the same buffet the year the Aria opened (3-4 years ago) and said it was exponentially better, so they are still growing and adaptable to their clients. The price was right for the quality and options ($40-$50 for two). I suggest getting there 10 minutes before they switch over to lunch, you'll save yourself $10 and reap the benefits of a pseudo-brunch style meal!
4	If I could review this place on the desserts alone it would be a hands-down 5-stars buffet, but desserts can only carry you so far.  And don't get me wrong, its not that the rest of the buffet isn't good, its just that the entrees are hit or miss, some great, but some are pretty mediocre and those waste valuable stomach real estate that you'll miss come dessert time.Here's a few pointers from this buffet expert:1. Potstickers are great, rest of the Asian hot dishes can be skipped.2. Sushi is good, somehow the smoked salmon next to it isn't.3. Carving station: the ham and turkey are the big winners, ro.ast beef leaves a lot to be desired4. Skip the Mexican section, surprisingly bland.5. NO PIZZA IF YOU ARE PAST PUBERTY! Except you may take a slice of the green pizza with the egg to satisfy your curiosity.6. Crab legs are conveniently pre-cut, so its okay to load up on them since you won't be wasting time trying to crack them.7. Salads are for chicks.8. The desserts are served in tiny portions, that can only mean they intend for you to try as many of them as possible!
2	Very dissappointed to find that they substantially lowered that qualities as well as quantaties when I drop by last Monday! And dont go there on working days since they dont have unlimited wines or lobsters on that days--this embrassed me a lot as I brought my friends here for these!
1	Horrible buffet! Not a really big selection. You would think since the buffet is inside Aria it would be at least decent but I was wrong. Don't waste your money here.... I would've been a lot more happier if I just got a burger from McDonald's or something!!
4	Very pricey, but very good.  I suggest having a welcoming stomach, your hangover may prevent you from enjoying it to the extent that it costs.
3	When should you go eat at the Aria buffet? When you happen to be in Aria and you're hungry and don't feel like going anywhere else to eat. That's when.It's an okay buffet. Not great. Definitely not as good as other buffets, and yet still the same price as other big popular buffets. The food selection is very limited. There are some basics like pasta, salad, meats, and dessert. But then there are some random and boring food stations like cheese and crackers and plain fruit. The sushi is not exciting at all and the dessert was just decent. You end up eating more just to get full, not because you really like the food.The one good thing about this buffet is that it is not very full of people... which has multiple meanings. One is that the food is not that great. And two is that it's because Aria is kinda out of the way from the Strip and harder to get to. Good for families or people who want to stay out of the busier places on the Strip.
2	There's a reason why Aria's buffet is one of the only buffet's in Vegas in which you do not have to wait in line. Like most Vegas buffets, they feature foods from many different cultures: Asian, Mexican, American, etc. The quality of the food is subpar, especially when you're paying 35 dollars for brunch. The only customized made to order items were the omelets. There was not much quality food selection for the price. The only really expensive thing were the crab legs. If you want to get your money's worth eat like 2 dozen crab legs.However, there are 2 redeeming factors. 1) the desserts. Their dessert selection was great (though Wynn's buffet is better) They also had plenty of options for people restricted to low sugar diet. They were all well plated and delicious. 2) the service. The service was great. We had drinks right away and our server always replaced our beverages before they were empty. This was very helpful since we were very dehydrated after a long night drinking.
2	The line was super long and not worth the wait.  The interior was promising, but the food was almost decent.  About the only thing I liked was that the food stations were more spread out compared to other buffet set ups.  The food was uninspired and inconsistent with the hotel itself.Other important info: spread out food stations, uninspired offerings, long waits, TVs available while waiting in line.
3	For a fancy new hotel and the fact that this was where we stayed, this buffet was only adequate. The selection was ok. But there was nothing on the line that had me drooling enough to make me want  for seconds until I out myself into a food coma. We only came here for breakfast, which was reasonable at $16.95 per person, however, our one tardy morning, we were able to get both breakfast and lunch items for that price. Nothing really seemed to change food wise with the exception of breakfast items taken down and replaced with crab legs and sushi. The other foods mainly stayed the same but instead were portioned into fancier presentation. I have to admit the waiter service was good. They had a good handle on making sure our drinks were filled and our plates were promptly cleared away. It filled the void, but did not blow me away. Would we eat there again, I'm sure we would, but it would not be a buffet I would seek out if we weren't staying in the hotel..
4	Had a lunch buffet with my mom and dad at Aria - Picked Aria over Bellagio because the former has better view and the latter does not have seafood for lunch...For about $21 per person plus tax and tips, it offers a good value.The dining area is open and sunny bright that you can see the garden from the floor to ceiling windows.Wide selection of food - sushi bar, salad bar, Italian, Asian, Indian, meat, desserts, etc., has something for everyone. The snow crab legs are my favorite - fresh and nicely prepared, absolutely delicious!!! The chicken noodle soup is heart warming but not too greasy. The beef brisk is mouth-watering juicy, and the gelato is yummy.Worth the price, strongly recommended!
1	Visited The Buffet at Aria in April 2012 for a dinner. 1) Food was just mediocre2) Not much selections3) Lobster and wine dinner only entitle you for 1 wine and 1 "baby" lobster. You are paying close to $50 per person and only getting 1 lobster per person and that has to be ordered through the server....(seriously?)4) Desserts were okay5) No fruits? I have never been to any buffet in Vegas that do not offer fruits!6) Our server was constantly busy running around, had to serve too many tables and that made him less attentive.If you are a lobster lover, try the Studio B Buffet at M Resort. While it is quite far from the strip, you are getting unlimited lobster with a wide variety of other food selections (check website for lobster dinner, not available daily). The dining area is nice with attentive staffs and friendly servers with smiles.
3	Dinner buffet: $20.99 per personCrab legs: dip in hot butter and enter the gates of heaven!Beef brisket: heavily marbled and just delectableSauteed green beans and veggies: well executed. great way to clean your palateBaked fish: YUCK!!! What the heck! *spit spit* Someone needs to be fired!
1	This buffet blows, do not waste your time and money here. We did not get a freakin cup of water until we were done eating. We were on dessert by the time water arrived. Our waitress sucked as well, she was pushy and did not even say hello! The only thing that came out of her mouth was "do you want wine or not?!" The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND. By the time you make your plate and get to your table. It's all cold! How can a hotel that has so much money be an epic fail on their buffet? Don't get me wrong I love Aria but jesus christ all mighty. Use some of that money to teach some 101 of basic customer service to your employees for god sake. People don't want to spend a pretty penny on crap food and crap service. Oh and to top it off, my gf got FOOD POISONING. No wonder they offered a buy one get one free buffet. Do yourself a favor and go eat at the Wynn.
4	I think the trick for this buffet is coming in at the right price.  Going in at the tail end of breakfast into lunch is the best, Thurs/Fri brunch would still be an acceptable price.  Anything beyond the $24.95 they charge for that, and it's not worth it.  That's mostly because the variety of food isn't nearly as impressive as the other big buffets - it's completely dwarfed by Studio B at the M Resort, and probably the Wynn and Bellagio buffets as well (but I've been to neither of those and can't say for sure).We got in towards the tail end of breakfast.  For some reason, the switchover was extremely late, I don't think it started flipping until past noon.  That turned out to be a blessing, as some of their breakfast items were pretty nice - eggs benedict and omelette bar were my favorites.  The brisket at lunch was pretty dang good too.  Avoid most of the Asian food and especially the sushi, I remember those seeming like they were lifted right out of a $10 asian buffet.  Remember to save room for dessert, those were not bad. The designers did a great job with the dining room - the lighter colors and big windows really help the airy atmosphere,  It's much nicer than the Wicked Spoon's totally enclosed, black and orange motif.  Service was fine for us, but part of that was probably because of our large group of 20.  All in all, wouldn't mind going again if we were staying in a nearby hotel, but depends on the timing, as mentioned.
3	The Buffet at Aria includes half a lobster and red/white wine with dinner. The buffet is very contemporary but it gets three stars because none of the food was really memorable.  I had the tandoori chicken in the Indian food section and it was dry.  The prime rib was ok, but not very flavorful.Why not give everyone a whole lobster or increase the types of offerings here?  The buffet isnt worth the 38 price tag.  Maybe for 25 I'd come back.
3	My group of three came here for the weekend brunch.  It wasn't super crowded when we got there which kind of worried me.  But since the dining room looked remarkably pretty for a buffet, I decided to hold off judgement until after I taste the food.First thing I noticed...crab legs.  Pre-cut crab legs!  Less fuss, more yummy!  Points for that for sure!  I initially lined up for an omelette but the line got super long.  So I bypassed it and went with a meat theme. I tried the prime rib, bbq brisket, turkey, and roast pork, all fresh cut for me on demand.  In general, the meat was the star of this brunch today...something I did not expect for a weekend brunch meal.  I did eventually get the omelette later in the meal and it was worth the wait.I liked how most or all of the buffet items were prepared gluten-free which is a very proud thing to boast.  However, in my attempt to avoid tummy filling carbs, I looked past the different unique flavored cream cheeses and bagels, pancakes, waffles, and wrapped fruit blintzes.  Even the eggs benedict looked tempting as well.One thing that baffled me were the Asian hot dishes...like noodles and stir fried beef.  I wasn't sure how they fit in with the brunch theme...I didn't see sushi/sashimi which I would had gladly tried.  The price point of $35 in comparison to the regular weekday breakfast/lunch is quite steep.  My companions did try the bottomless bloody marys and were very satisfied with it but they weren't "wowed" by it.All in all, 3.5 STARS for a pretty room with decent, but not great food selections near the Aria pool.
4	Buffet at the Aria is one of the best spot for a Saturday or Sunday brunch. Only 4 stars because of the price (35$) and the slowness of the waiters for the drinks (they should smile a bit more, then the customer would give them more than 1$ tip, maybe), but the food is good. The meat is tender, tasty and juicy (especially the prime rib), the omelet is fresh made and good, king crab, sushi are fresh and tasty. The sausages, bacon, scramble eggs, pancakes, egg Benedict, french toasts are good too.The best is for me the pastries. As a french guy, I'm really picky on croissant, pain au chocolat, etc... And I have to admit that except at Jean-Philippe, the "french viennoiseries" at the Aria are my favorite in Vegas (and LA...)!
2	As far as buffets in Vegas go, I was less than impressed with The Buffet at Aria. Their food and presentation is about as "creative" as the name. For $30+ (Brunch on Saturday) I would rather grab something smaller, not AYCE or hit another buffet. Vegas has too much to offer to settle on this place ... unless you're too drunk to scurry elsewhere, then you're screwed.The scarce highlights include:- The company - if you bring good company, apparently, you can spend HOURS in this place picking at food and sucking up all the champagne your body can handle. - The Service - For the most part, the cashiers and servers were friendly. - Breakfast Pizza - it has sunny-side up eggs on it!- Mint Whoopie Pie - I only picked it up because it was the most attractive thing I saw on the food line. The center cream stuff was good. I didn't eat the rest if it.
5	I rate The Buffet at Aria 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, my favorite hotel is the Aria at City Center. If you are looking for me, likely you will find me there. No, I'm not much into gambling, yes, I'm into the food, shows and things to see. The Buffet at Aria is my second favorite buffet behind The Buffet at Bellagio (which BTW, is a short tram ride from Aria). The Buffet at Aria is smaller than Bellagio with fewer choices, but (and it is a BIG BUT), the selections of food are great! They have exactly what I like to eat and I'm happy to eat everything they have. The merits of Aria's buffet are: a quick elevator ride from your room (rather than a 25 minute walk, ride, walk to Bellagio), shorter lines than Bellagio and quicker to fill your plate. So one strategy would be to do breakfast at Aria's buffet (a breakfast is a breakfast so no advantage to Bellagio buffet) then do dinner at one of Aria or Bellagio buffet. I highly recommend The Buffet at Aria!
2	let me get straight to the point: don't come here!i paid $38.00 for a mediocre meal...and that was just the lunch price!it's a typical buffet with a variety of food but the food wasn't amazing at all. the only items i really enjoyed was the prime rib and dessert bar....refund please :(
4	Ate here for brunch. Great deal for $17 breakfast buffet;-) Read previous review to come before 11am to pay for breakfast but stay for lunch. The breakfast spread was ok. Lunch was more desirable. They have asian, mexican, salad, and rotisserie sections. Tri tip was good. Crab legs were ok. Dessert section was lovely. Mixed several gelato flavors and used cookies for toppings. Creme brulee was silky... Yum! Yes I'm a fan:-)
4	What a challenge it is trying to decide the order of greatness of these Las Vegas Strip Buffets!  Aria here, for instance, would easily be the best Buffet in most any city in the world, but here in Las Vegas the competition is SO tough that it got rated down a little by having a "small" selection of only 134 food choices plus sauces & dressings when I was here this last Thursday for lunch.What you DO get here is a sparkling clean 1950's modernistic style dining room (& casino), & delicious food, thoughtfully prepared.  For instance, there were delicious crab legs, & they had split them in half lengthwise so that you didn't have to dig or crack the exoskeleton to get at the meat, & melted butter served up right there to go along, in little china cups.I also particularly liked the Chile Verde here, & the pizza (!).Arriving just before 11 AM scored this big, delicious lunch feast for $17.25 including many beverage choices including cocktails & beer.You could do a lot worse!     :-))
2	All I can say is this place is overpriced for what you get. Yes, they have lots of selections but the food is not that good. Coffee horrible. My stay included two buffets. This place is not on my return list.$30 for lunch buffet.
3	***Saturday Brunch review***...This restaurant is for the health conscious crowd...OK, it is a beautiful buffet restaurant.  Honestly, it is one of the most beautiful buffet we've every been to.  However, the food selection is not worth the price.  Maybe it is because I'm not a very health conscious person...I don't know, we were not satisfied.* Ambiance = beautiful...new...very resort like...  The layout of the buffet is not customer friendly.  It's just a line of food from one end to another...if your favorite food is on the other side of the line, you gotta work for it.  *  Food = VERY healthy....gluten free options available...  My main thing is crabs so I was happy to see the snow crabs.  The problem is...it is cold/frozen, and they have such small portions displayed that people line up in line...it's kinda uncomfortable.  The dessert was pretty good.  Not as good as Paris buffet desserts but I liked them.  * Service = Good.  Pretty attentive.  * Price = Expensive.  We paid $35/person.  If you want to gorge on crabs...don't come here...you will definitely be uncomfortable.
5	I don't know why this place doesn't have a higher rating. The buffet at Aria actually made me want to write me first review ever! My friend and I happened to get there at brunch and that couldn't have been better timing! FIRST of all, this place was immaculate. Everything was really clean, which I love, obviously. I love food, but I'm not really a buffet person because they have kind of a grimy vibe to me. Aria was completely different. So brunch consisted of an omelette station, fresh biscuits and gravy, eggs, bacon, sausage etc. DO not skip the waffles they are HEAVENLY. I was determined to do a buffet right this time and try everything but I stuffed myself with three or four of those babies. They also have crablegs for DAYS which I also went back to a few times. I've never eaten so much crab on my life. It tasted so fresh. Another thing I never do is eat sushi at a buffet but given the clean environment I went for it. Delicious! They did not disappoint. They also have Chinese food which was absolutely fantastic and not super greasy. They had these huge cuts of BBQ'd pork, tri-tip, all different cuts and flavors of meat and they're steaming hot and savory. I still salivate at the thought hah. Another thing I really liked is that they have some Indian curries and chickpea marsala that was incredible. The dessert bar is to die for. They have many desserts to chose from and they are all delightful. Food lovers unite. This place is definitely worth it.
2	Came in on Thursday night at 9 p.m., and around 1 p.m. on Saturday. If I hadn't been comped the meal on Saturday, I definitely would not have  been back, but you know, free food is free food, even if it is mostly crappy food.As someone who's been to various buffets over the past 20 years, for quality/value, I would rank Aria at the bottom of the list. The Saturday "gourmet" brunch was basically the same thing as Thursday's dinner, with a 5 dollar price hike, some salty breakfast  sausage and stale hashbrowns thrown in. I paid extra for the unlimited wine thurs, and the champagne saturday, and both were disgusting. the wine made me feel like ripping out my tongue, and i had to drown my champagne with oj. for context, trader joe's 2 buck chuck is at least 20x better than the aria house wine.foodthurs: indian was tasty, sushi was aiite, and prime rib was dry & tasteless, even with au jus.desserts were mediocre. they looked good, but weren't anything special.sat: same thing. but with breakfast items. i tried the french toast just cuz i love french toast, and of course, it's impossible to keep french toast french on a buffet line, but the flavors were there.service:hit or miss. thursday's service was a tad bit better than saturday's. it was extremely slow both days.overall: this experience made me miss the buffet at the indian casino near my home. =( the price is extremely high for the quality you get, and someone even slipped fell on what looked like chocolate syrup on the floor. lady was down for quite some time. if you want a decent  buffet on-strip, i hear wicked at cosmo is the way to go. if you are willing to drive, i highly recommend the M buffet. it's the best one I've tried so far.
5	Not sure if there's a better variety of food out there for $17 breakfast/lunch Buffett in the heart of the strip.Very clean, made to order omelets, a ton of breakfast options, lots of lunch items including Asian and Italian.  Lots of healthy choices too.  I hit every meat carving station instead....veal, ham, Portuguese sausage, and roasted chicken.
3	Fair buffet. Good variety, descent food, descent price. Service was a little slow and it was not that busy. There is no shortage of buffets in vegas...not sure if I would do this one again.
1	My gosh you failed me. Lunch and Dinner sucks. Overcooked fish, meats and mushy grilled veggies :(Its only been 6 months since I visited, what happened?? It was recommended over Wicked Spoon and boy was it correct 6months ago. Not sure about know. Go off of recent reviews because these place can go down hill in just a couple months.A plus, the restroom is in the same section as the buffet area. No need to exist and come back. And so far I haven't experienced any lines or wait. But some servers are pretty disgruntled here.
4	Yum!!Pros: Unlimited wine (I had some 8 plus glasses! cheap but yummy, and unlimited, so who cares??), super friendly service (everyone was so sweet) and delicious food. Also, as a vegetarian, I had no trouble finding anything to eat! I even feel like I got my money's worth (35 something pp for dinner). Cons: While there were veggie options, I had to ask about a bunch of things (like soup) to find out if there was any broth or anything in it. And no one knew! Not only that, they didn't really offer to find out. I just skipped them all, but it was a little strange that they didn't know! Also, dessert was a little lame. Granted, we didn't get to dessert until they were almost closing the buffet, but there was only one kind of ice cream out (butterfinger...bleh!) and none of the plates we tried tasted worth the calories. The cobbler was good, but sort of the tail ends. All in all, I loved it, but it would have been nice if they had more than two options for wine selections (i.e. substitute beer/champagne). Also, my fourteen year old sister cost the same as the adults drinking! That was sort of lame. I love the Aria, though, and I would be down to go back to this buffet for a different meal!
4	Its a nice buffet looking over the Aria pool, but variety was just ok.... Meh..
3	I ate here for dinner the other night with three other dining companions.The buffet itself has lots of different foods as many of the Vegas buffets do.  I think that the standouts of it for me were the beef brisket and the already cracked crab legs although I wish the latter would have been served warm and not cold.  What I was disappointed in was that there was no traditional salad bar.  In its place was an area with many different pre-made salads.  The desserts were good as well although one of my companions had a hair in his butterfinger gelato.The bottom line for me is that I would probably not come back here in the future.  The food was solid but I believe that I can do much better for the price we paid on the strip.
2	This buffet was sad times considering the other fabulous buffets in Vegas.  Really, they're kinda in a hidden type area of the Aria, so maybe they're hiding out and when someone stumbles upon it they think, oh well, I don't know where I am anyway so let's just go in!I love me a buffet, so going out to Vegas is exciting because it's like buffet country.  I barely picked up anything in my graze of the stations.  Nothing really looked that appetizing.  It's definitely a smallish buffet, but I'd still think quality over quantity for the mola you're shelling out.  The only good thing was the dessert bar.  I always enjoy a soft chocolate chip cookie and brownie.  So that kinda made things better, but not really.  If you stumble upon this place and you haven't eaten in days and you're starving it would be fine.  If you have the time to meander to anther... I'd pick that option!
4	As we concluded our epic Vegas weekend celebration, we had our last dinner at The Buffet, located inside the state-of-the-art and magnificent Aria hotel/casino.  The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor and brilliantly withholds the contemporary theme of the hotel itself.  Upon arrival in the late afternoon, we were greeted by the absence of the line of people in front, but with a warm joyful welcome of the energetic restaurant host.  The pricing is actually excellent compared to any other buffets within the proximity of the strip. (Less than $40/person, depending on lunch or dinner and the day of the week)The layout of the buffet is nice and simple.  The beginning of the linear path starts off with seafood and sushi, and as you work your way down, there are vast food selections yielding cuisine of different ethnic cultures. ~ The crab legs were freshly chilled and sliced in half for easy access to the succulent crab meat.  The cocktail shrimp had a great texture, not too firm and not too tender. The sushi quality and selection were good but not amazing.  ~ I also enjoyed the worldly choices of entrees:  The chicken curry was well-prepared and simmered in a rich plethora of exotic herbs.  It complemented the soft and toasty naan bread, immediately making it one of my favorite dishes.  I also enjoyed the tender slice of prime rib, which was rich in flavor.  The selections of the Chinese and Italian dishes were also delicious and enjoyable.~The assortment of desserts made a great impression the end of our little feast.  Some of the cakes were a little too sweet (such as the Snickers cake), while others were at its optimum level of sweetness.  The macaroons served to please the taste buds with the correct level of coconutiness.  The gelato was also rich, irresistible, and kept calling for our attention even when our stomachs were filled of the hot savory food from right before. The choco-chip cookies were scrumptious... We took some on the way out =]Overall, this buffet should linger among the top of your Vegas buffet list due to the astounding value and enjoyable food quality.  Look forward to it!
1	straight to the point.. omg this place sucked. * $33 per person Sunday brunch. i had hotel credit thank gawd.* for real now how can u mess up on salmon sashimi?* sushi selection was small.. tuna, eel, and other vegetable rolls* the strawberry gelato was melting before they served it to me* getting soda takes forever.. the lady took my Sprite and i didn't see it until a long time later* crab legs are alright.. cut in halves.. nice that i don't have to work for it* parfait was sour? why..that's about all i had.. i was tired of wasting food and the disappointment.. so i stuck with crab legs until the end.ps. the big boy handling the cut meat had gloves on.. the same gloves he used to grab a whole bunch of tip from the omlette bar thing.. he shoved the tip under the counter and resumed meat cutting. never changing his gloves. health code violation?
2	Worst buffet on the Strip!Last weekend, my boyfriend and I were on the hunt for dinner. Considering that fact that we were already staying at Aria, it would only be right for us to check our the buffet of the hotel that was housing us.Luckily, I redeemed an offer that included $110 in credit at Aria, because the bill came out to around $85+ for the two of us. We grabbed a seat and started filling our plates. The King Crab legs were the things that attracted me first so I filled my plate. It was nice that the legs were already halved so using the nut cracker wasn't necessary, however the quality of the food here was just meh, or subpar. We also had a whole lobster which was also just okay.I wouldn't come back again unless forced and it was comped. Thank goodness I had the credit!
3	I will start off by saying... $84 for two Sunday brunch buffets and bottomless mimosas... holy shit!  We were told about the brunch by a good friend so we thought that we'd wait until Sunday before we left to indulge. We had checked out brunch pricing on Friday but didn't realize that there was such a significant price difference between Fridays brunch and Sunday's.  I am willing to pay a good amount for bottomless mimosas, but the bottomless mimosas were only $6 each.  Two brunch buffets $72?  Wow, shame on me for paying that.  What I will say is that we made sure to get our monies worth of that buffet and those mimosas!The buffet was well stocked but nothing too irresistible.  They had a little of everything... an omelet bar (a brunch staple), pancakes, waffles and French toast, all the eggs, bacon and sausage one could ask for.  The buffet had a salad bar, a little Mexican food, a little Chinese food, some sushi, and a touch of Italian.  The dessert bar was adorned with beautiful confections and various types of gelato.  The real star of the show were the crab legs.  Mounded high like fresh picked corn at a farmer's market, the crab was plentiful.  Served with drawn butter and lemon wedges, it was chilled and delicious.  The only thing lacking... a little crab fork.Our plates were cleared quickly and our server was friendly and generous with the mimosa refills.  We ate our weight in crab legs and drank as many mimosas as we could put away.  A solid 3 1/2 stars is what I'd give the buffet.  I may be back some day!
4	This buffet was great for the price. And by price, I mean the fact that our party of 4 paid $5 each, since we had two complimentary passes and my magic roulette fingers paid for a significant portion of the other two buffets (you do the math!).I think if we had paid the full $38.95 for dinner, I would have been much pickier about this review.That said, we had bottomless wine (of which I only drank a sip because of the heavy caloric intake*) and a 1 lb steamed lobster.My cousins loaded up on all sorts of fancy meats (think, prime rib, steak, king crab, snow crab) and swore that the prime rib was the best they've had. I, however, had my life changed by one thing that night: the creme brulee. I devoured six of those suckers. Best creme brulee of my life! Anywho, if you have some sort of complimentary pass or discount, I'd go for it. If not, you might be disappointed just because of the competition from other buffets.* "this doesn't make sense" , you're probably thinking. why are you complaining about calories at a buffet? Well, I tell you, the more you fill your belly with woozy wine the less space there is for the king crab. Duhhhh.
1	God, Make sure to skip this one, they started pretty good but now is just not worth to go here, go to the Cosmopolitan or anything else, even those cheap ones at Terrible's....I don't know, they don't have variety, food is not that fresh and ONLY the dessert section is worth it, but this should be a $20 buffet. :(
2	For the price that we paid $38 for dinner was a scam! Food wasn't great! The prime rib was over cooked, the lobster that we got was dry, the BBQ rib was dry. Selection of food is poor, the carnival buffet at the Rio has better selection then at the Aria. ..
2	We stayed at the Aria over the 4th of July week and were excited to try out their buffet as it was rated top 5 on the strip for 2012. Well, we were disappointed to say the least. There werent a lot of choices. What was out on the floor wasnt that great. It wasnt all bad. The dessert was super delish and the presentation was out of a 5 star restaurant. And the staff for the most was very attentive and super nice. And we found the Naan to be superb! Price point was alright. Except for their fancy Dinner on Thur-Sun. About $46 bucks gets you lobster for two and unlimited wine. They can keep their wine and lobster should have been thrown back into the sea. Bc it looked small, over cooked, and just downright tasteless. I didnt have it as I feared for Poseidon's wrath for eating too much of his sea family already throughout our stay. Sorry little shrimpies but you are too yummy. But we came for the food. The food was blah at best. So sad for a hotel that screams "opulence, i has it" as you walk through the front doors!
2	I havent been very impressed with this places.  If you are looking to spend this type of money just go to a great steak house dont waste your time or money.
1	IMO this is an overpriced buffet with not a lot of selections(at least for me). I don't eat a lot of seafood so I can't comment on the crab legs which seems to be a major selling point for them. The carving station is not my cup of tea coz its "juiced up" animals, spiceless junk and lacking any flavor, in my opinion. I cannot see how people eat this without hot sauce or spicy salsa. The Italian, Chinese, Mexican and Indian sections, plain and simply suck with limp veggies and poorly flavored meat. The only positive about the buffet is the dessert section, which had a great selection of desserts. I usually dont eat dessert but I had the vanilla gelato and strawberry cheesecake which were very good.
5	We ate Sunday brunch here. They had all you can drink champagne and bloody marys. The price was a bit high, but we drank and ate enough crab legs to get our money's worth. Flor (our waitress) was AWESOME! She was very friendly and kept the champagne coming. I liked that they had Indian food on the buffet. You don't see that often. We did have to wait, but not long. I will say that most of the desserts looked better than they actually tasted. I liked that the crab legs were already cracked for you. It made it way easier to eat. I would recommend this buffet!
4	I mean....Wow. It takes like 5 minutes to walk the length of the "U" shaped Aria buffet, which is good, because your buffet-eating ass should get a small walk in while you're perusing the buffet-offerings. But then, Oh...em...gee....the buffet has everything. We did breakfast there, but you'd never know it with all of the lunch offerings. Everything from a bagel and cream cheese bar to an omelette bar, an Asian-inspired bar, crab legs, shrimp, traditional breakfast offerings, a Tex-Mex section and every conceivable pastry. And although $17.95 is kinda of a lot, it's not a lot for a Vegas buffet, comparably speaking. And if you like crab legs, well that's your money's worth right there. You also get bottomless beverages with it, so yeah. Give it a try.
1	ARIA ARIA ARIA...I thought you were you were doing everything right.  Your rooms, your other restaurants, your customer service...everything was up to par until I decided to try your Buffet.  Can I say, major sad face?  My tummy was very disappointed!Came in for dinner on Sunday and expecting a WOW experience since the price tag was ~$39.  This was NOT worth it.  I thought a buffet was all about dining debauchery with vast selections of food bound to please the most discriminating palate.  I did not find one item I went back for a second helping.  Food was served on the warm side.The selections were so limited I memorized what THE BUFFET had:Chinese:  veggie chow mein (so bland), mongolian beef-ish item, spare rib, siu mai and pork bun.  A few cold chinese-ish salads.  (Seriously?? that's all you can come up with?)Italian:  2 pasta dishes, a pasta bar, and 3 types of pizza.  WTH?Indian:  Naan, paneer, bland and spice-less tandoori chicken, chicken curry.Carving station:  Salmon, beef/pork ribs, lamb, prime ribChilled Seafood:  King Crab, jumbo shrimp.  The only 2 things that I gave a star for was the desserts and the prime rib.  The food here was very bland, few choices, and way to expensive.  If you're paying close to $40 for a buffet, may I suggest:  Wicked Spoon or Wynn's buffet. Come to think of it, I'm beginning to feel very upset now...how a buffet can be so bad in a 5 star hotel. ARGH!
3	Service- I had a water and an apple juice and they were never empty even though I kept gulping them down between bites. Our server was a very nice, quiet lady. Whenever my boyfriend and I got up to get another plate, our old ones were always gone by the time we got back to the table.Food- Not as big of a selection as the Bellagio or the Wynn. Very poor Asian foods... I tried the tilapia, chow mein, and fried rice and all were not good. Panda Express is better tasting in my opinion. We enjoyed their crab legs- they were better than the ones at the Wynn. They actually had a substantial amount of crab meat in them whereas the Wynn's barely had any. They also had very good sliced turkey and roast chicken. The roast chicken was so tender and succulent- it was amazing with their gravy and some cranberry sauce. My boyfriend said the prime rib was pretty good too. However, all the other food was just subpar. The pizza wasn't good and the only pasta I saw was like an alfredo penne and a spaghetti? Nothing to brag about. Also they didn't have any cocktail shrimp when we went and I was sad. Their desserts were very good. My faves were the mini apple pie with melted caramel and their ice cream that they scoop for you... The Strawberry and Orange flavors were awesome.Value- For a buffet, it wasn't bad. However, I just think it's overpriced for the quality and small selection that you end up getting. We paid $30 each for Aria's dinner buffet... We were just recently at the Wynn a month ago and paid $36 each for their dinner buffet. The difference is that the food you can try at the Wynn buffet is gourmet and chef-inspired. Almost every selection is something that you could order as one meal at a fancy restaurant. (Veal, salmon, crab, etc.) Also there is no possible way to try everything you want at the Wynn Buffet because there are so many options. It's pretty easy to sample everything from Aria's. I just feel that I would much rather pay an extra $6 for that elevated experience and quality.Atmosphere- It feels somewhat like a cafeteria line. Also I felt the lighting was a bit awkward. However it was very clean and what else do you really need other than a table, chairs, and food when you're having dinner anyway?
2	Meh. I've had better. There are so many buffets in Vegas, and this one is definitely on the lower side. It's almost $50 for dinner because they add lobster and unlimited wine, but it's still not worth it.Service was INCREDIBLY slow... I asked for a refill on my water about two times before finally receiving one fifteen minutes later.Food was okay, not bad at all, but not worth the price. Desert bar was typical. Gelato, creme brulee, etc. Tasted yummy, but they have those selections in almost every buffet. I love staying at the Aria, but I probably won't ever eat here again. I recommend Wicked Spoon in Cosmo! Yum! :D
1	While in Vegas, you have a finite number of meals to enjoy. This is one I wish I had back. I heard good things about the nearby Bellagii buffet, but there was an hour wait. I decided to take the tram to the beautiful new Aria to check out the buffet. The fact that there was no wait with a half empty restaurant should have been a warning sign.The only thing about this meal that alluded to the fact that I was in a fine hotel was the unnecessarily heavy silverware and glass stemware for the water. After that, everything else was largely unimpressive. From the food to service, this could be a run of the mill buffet anywhere. It certainly does not fit the image that Aria is trying to convey. King crab legs - how could you go wrong? They were chilled and had an unappealing smell to them. The shrimp were set in a glass with what looked to be cocktail sauce, but it only tasted like ketchup. The buffet is long but rather boring. I'm chewing through valuable phone battery with this review, but if it keeps someone from spending $40 on a boring, sub par buffet, it's worth it. This has to be up there with one of most disappointing Vegas meals. Even if this meal had been comped, I would have still felt ripped off. Had it been reasonably priced for what it is, it may have received two stars. I've had other mediocre buffets, but it was nowhere near the cost of this, hence the one star rating. Time  to wash this sorry crab leg smell off my hands. Never again.
4	One of the better buffets at a Vegas casino.The selection is great. You get all kinds of different foods, japanese, chinese, korean, american bbq, french, all kinds of fish. You even get a lobster tail which two people get to share! They have promotions and specials all the time. When I went they were giving complimentary red or white wine.The deserts are just wow!.Only drawback its on the expensive side, more than other buffets. However if you're hungry and you are looking to stuff yourself with mounts of delicious foods until you hate yourself but feel satisfied this is the place to be.
2	This is a rather disappointing buffet for the money. Chinese is not so Chinese. Italian is not so Italian. Japanese is not so Japanese. Indian is not so Indian. If you are hoping to eat everything, you end up eating nothing. Drink and dessert collections are poor. Make sure you put down a decent tip when you pay your way in, otherwise don't expect much service from the waitress/waitor. The idea of pre-paying tips is ridiculous.
2	don't do. NOT worth the 33 bucks. Will never make this mistake again. Unimpressive is being kind.
4	This review if for Weekday Lunch Time for Breakfast prices during March 2012.  Aria Buffet is indeed overpriced, but it is good to come here right before 11am during the weekday to eat lunch for breakfast prices cause the breakfast price (~17) is too expensive for just breakfast food and the crabs and sushi comes out at 11am. The Good:  Modern Chic Design and clean interiors. The sushi (salmon/tuna nigiri) and several rolls are actually decent quality for a buffet.  The crabs are served cold, but you can hand your plate of crabs to a server behind the counter and they will steam it for you. Garlic Naan Bread and curry dishes over jasmine rice is very good.Cuts of meats - Prime Rib, Pork Belly have always been good. Desserts - Very good even though the selection may be small, I usually end up taking 3-4 cakes)Coffee is also quite good. The line is usually shorter than most Buffets. The Bad:Way too Expensive for Lunch, Dinners and Weekend Brunch.  Cashiers have always been quite rude.  Selection is small and there are no unique entrees.
3	Any buffet that calls itself "The Buffet" is either very comfortable with what it is (a buffet) or is trying to sound like "THE buffet" (kind of like the pretentious alums of THE Ohio State). In the case of "The Buffet" at Aria, it is the more humble laidback version. The light, bright, and open atmosphere of the buffet and simple, yet delicious dishes means The Buffet is a good choice when at the hotel, casino, or City Center. This isn't really a buffet to go out of your way for in Vegas, but is a nice option if you're already there.It's only $21 for lunch. If you want all-you-can-drink wine, then try the $37 dinner. The good stuff (aka Gourmet with Lobster) is only served Friday and Saturday dinner. If you are used to Las Vegas buffets, then the pile of crab legs, small selection of sushi, meats, pastas, and salads will seem very familiar. Nothing really stood out or sucked. I liked the pasta with alfredo sauce for some reason and a simple salad. Maybe it was because we were towards the end of our stay. Of course, desserts are a highlight of any Vegas buffet and the same is true at Aria with little cakes, pastries, and ice cream.
1	I generally don't write on buffets,especially at Vegas since they have a set standard base on price paid. However i had to write this one during our stay at the SKY SUITES in ARIA, met a group of college friends for reunion, first thing we were force to pay a 18 -20% gratuity up front for party of 8 or more. The cost per person was about $36 Saturday lunch plus tips $6 ($42) and there was no line, i know why now. Food was mediocore at best, a step above circus cirucs of what i remembered. The snow crabl legs were 2nd tiered quality and size. We are paying for 1st tier pricing. The rest of the selection was average at best. Turly a bad experience and this was my 3rd and final time going to this place. Service was good but of course 20% for a buffet. DONT DO IT, go to the M buffet, TI or Bellagio, thos will be much worth it.
2	Short end of it: Save your money/calories/time!I decided to use up some of my resort credit on this place and the only positive thing that I can say is that I was definitely not hungry after.First of all, I am a huge crab fan. I can sit for hours eating crab. However, Aria, much like other buffet places on the strip, have found a way to totally ruin the crab experience for me. How? They cut the crab legs in half! Now some of you are probably thinking, "this makes it easier to eat". For a crab eating veteran, all this does is to frustrate me. Over the years, I have honed my skillz at cracking, pulling out the 'crab tendons' and then freeing huge chunks of crab that provide a great melt in your mouth feeling experience. When the crab is cut in half, the tendon is still in there and you have to scrape it off. The result is shredded crab. In addition, since they were sliced in this fashion, the meat tends to dry out....but you didn't start reading this review about my pet peeves of buffet crab, you want to know about the Aria Buffet.The buffet is not as pretty looking as some of the other high end buffets on the strip. Someone else had mentioned cafeteria feeling, and they are right. The intent was supposed to be a high end feel, but it ended up feeling sterile, like hospital sterile.The food was a mixed bag of foods from all over the world. Asian, Mexican, Indian (they have a tandoor oven), American.....along with some cut cheeses and meats. All the food was executed poorly. The brisket was shoe leather tough. I come from brisket country and I know that the brisket presented there was several hours undercooked. The prime rib was tender, but not very flavorful. I also would have preferred it to be more on the rare side. You already know my stance on the crab legs. The tandori chicken was forgettable (bad thing for Indian food). The desserts were pretty poor too (I will give them a pass on the ice cream/gelato/sorbet)The whole experience made me think about the buffets on cruise ships. Cruise ship buffets can be hit or miss, but there is always something tasty to eat. I once read that the food budget for one of the mass market cruise lines is around $7 per person per day (pastries, breakfast, lunch, and dinner). Considering I just forked over $35 for this meal, I was even more depressed (I know it was resort credit, but I could have eaten at another venue for that credit).Don't get me started on the service. All I can say is that I felt like I was an annoyance to the server. Cmon people, smiles are free and they go a long way!Not the worst strip buffet (that goes to the Riviera), but not too far off.So...if you are thinking about it...don't. If you absolutely need to do a buffet, try somewhere else. This is an expensive way to feel not hungry!
2	This is for their weekend brunch buffet. Honestly, my review might have been about 3 stars maybe if it wasn't for the fact that I found a piece of HAIR in my food! It was a very short, kind of curly hair, which I'm pretty sure we all know what that would remind us of if we saw it in our food. YUCK!! It completely ruined my appetite and I wasn't able to eat any of the main entrees after that. I found it in my medium rare brisket, which I thought AT FIRST was really good, but after seeing that hair I could barely keep it down. The other food I was able to eat before I got the brisket was average. Nothing I'd go crazy for and tell my friends to pay $25. But I wasn't able to try out everything since I got the brisket in the beginning of my meal.After a while I decided to try out the desserts. They all looked appetizing, as does most buffets with desserts, but they tasted average. Except for the strawberry shortcakes OMG heaven!! As far as from my experience, that is the only thing I'd go back there for to eat.My friends and I were having trouble deciding on whether to go this buffet or Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon. But since we've already been to Wicked Spoon we decided to try this place.  And now I'm sad to say I would have much rather gone to Wicked Spoon than this. It may be a couple of dollars more expensive, but the quality and diversity of the food is definitely worth it.
2	Didn't eat here but did a walk through. As a preggie woman, there was a lot I couldn't eat. Stack of king crab legs amazing. Sushi. Deli section. Nothing impressive.One of the smallest buffets I've ever seen in Vegas.I'm glad we did a 'tour' first before deciding on where to eat that day. I wouldn't have been happy with the selection.
3	***For the lunch buffet only***With good reason, I'm not usually much of a fan of Vegas buffets.  However, it was lunchtime, the gf and I were hungry, we had a $100 resort credit to use, and the ARIA is an upscale casino-resort.  So we figured the Buffet at ARIA would be a safe bet.  Unlike most other casinos, the Buffet at ARIA is not located just off or even near the casino floor.  Instead, it's on the second floor/Promenade level with several of the casino's fine dining restaurants.  The dining room is smaller than other buffets, yet open, well-lit by natural light coming in from floor to ceiling windows, airy, but with a weird, almost IKEA design aesthetic.  I could be very wrong about that last comment, but it was what came to mind when I entered the restaurant.  The Buffet at ARIA offered culinary representation from many of the more popular international cuisines. The buffet's major draw seemed to be the Snow Crab legs as evidenced by the crowd of diners that were picking over the crab leg offerings like vultures over a rotting carcass.  Sadly, the crab legs were spindly, with little meat, and mealy for what little meat was present.  The selection of sushi rolls also failed to inspire much faith in the kitchen as the rice lacked moisture and the fillings were largely flavorless, relying on wasabi and soy sauce to provide the entire flavor profile.  Despite these and several other misses, all was not lost on the buffet.  The Indian chicken curry was actually one of the best tasting chicken curries that I've ever had.  It seemed to possess with all of the hoped for Indian spice and didn't taste "dumbed down" for Western palates.  The Chili Verde was a successful offering as the chunks of pork were nicely tender and bathing in a flavorful roasted green chili and tomatillo stew.  The lunch buffet with tax for two was $53.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't quite up to the price tag.  Fortunately, even though the food was largely lackluster, service was spot on.  Our water glasses were filled with frequency and dirty plates never lingered on our table for more than a minute or two.  In the end, I only give the Buffet at ARIA 2 stars for food and value received, but added 1 star for the solid service.  Next time, I'll just stick to the Bellagio buffet or skip buffets altogether.
4	I gave four stars due to daily buffets being comp'd during my stay at Vdara. Good selection of foods at breakfast & brunch. However, if i had to pay full price, it would not be worth it. I would prefer Studio B buffet at M resort any day. *posted a pix of prices as of 8/6/12
4	This place definitely needs more stars.For $23 you get the buffet plus an additional $6 you can get unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's. The food is amazing and they have crab legs- pretty sure me and my friend probably ate a mini aquarium lol.. Service is great and the food is fresh and delicious. Perfect place to go for a hangover cure or family outing.
4	The food selection for dinner is amazing! And I mean, at first I was pretty skeptical since the price was so high ($40+ for one person), and they don't differentiate prices for kids. Ages 3 and below are free, every age above that pays the same price. Otherwise, I'm so happy that we payed the pretty penny to be able to eat here for dinner. The complementary lobster was amazing and all the adults had complementary merlot as well. I personally enjoyed the freshly made naan (Indian sort of "tortilla"), the American side dishes including gluten-free baby carrots and roasted asparagus, and the Margarita pizza. Lastly, their dessert selection with their cakes aren't like most buffets I've been to - the presentation was gorgeous for each cake or pie. On top of that, the buffet in general had a wide selection of international foods which I really enjoyed. One thing though - fix up your sushi selection for us sushi lovers, please :) I only had one piece of a california roll and even that didn't even really suffice. I was a little disappointed but everything else made up for it!In all, 4 stars because that price to pay if you're only 18 years of age such as myself isn't fully worth it. I had a great time though! Our server was so nice, and not to mention the moist towels which were aloe infused and reusable was a very nice touch.
4	Man, i'm not too sure of why there are so many reviews saying the food is poor to mediocre at best...but i guess to each his own.  We got there 10 mins before dinner time so we paid the lunch price...we also had no wait in line and the amount of people in the buffet was comfortable.  No running into people with ur plate or waiting to serve yourself!I'm a BIG buffet person and normally I only like 30-50% of foods at a buffet, but this buffet was just delicious to me!  There's just something about having different types of edibles all around you as far as eyes can see that puts a smile on a face.  Its a very clean restaurant.  Decor was really modern and light colored which made for a better appetite in my opinion.  Their food presentation was on point, made it real inviting and appetizing, there was no mess anywhere.  Items were constantly being refilled with fresh replacements.  Prime Rib - the piece i got was very rare and fatty.  A+  however it wasn't as juicy                       as i was hoping, easily fixed with some au jus and salt/pepper.Crab Legs - legs/claws were served cold and sliced open for convenience..they                      gladly steamed mine and it was delicious, moist and sweet + some                      drawn butter, i was 100% satisfied!Beef Stroganoff - Kind of a rare dish for me to see at a Vegas buffet but i was                                       happy nonetheless.  It had great flavor and was loaded with                                mushrooms. Parmesan Asparagus - served cold and was cooked perfectly, had a slight                                            crunch and was delightful.  I also really don't see too                                           much asparagus at buffets so it was a very nice surprise.Creamed spinach - was AWESOME!  Loaded MashedTatos - AWESOME as well.  It had lots of green onions and                                            cheese.There were a bunch of other little items that were really great.The only items i felt needed a little work on was getting more of an asian selection.  I mean it wasn't the best, but was better than other chinese food at other hotel buffets.  They're mussels pasta could've been really good, but was just WAY too salty i had to take a swig after each bite, i gave up after the 3rd.  Wasn't impressed with their sushi just cuz it looked like there was more rice ratio than anything.  And lastly their salads looked real appetizing but lacked good flavor on the 2 that i tried, the Caesar and Chinese Chicken salad.  The one thing i was very disappointed in was me and the hubby not receiving any complimentary champagne/wine/lobster as other reviewers were saying they received...  Maybe because we got there right before dinner time but still disappointing..Lastly, their desserts.  Im not a dessert person but i tried some bread pudding and my eyes rolled back!  Had 2 plates of that.  Also had Tiramisu and their Snickers cake which was awesome!  See you soon Aria!
4	Meal for the day.Came around 4pm and there was no line. Make sure to bring your M-life card...I forgot mine, you could get the points. The first thing I head for was the prime rib. I loved it. Juicy, moist, tender, flavorful...it can't get any better than that. Our waiter was really awesome she was quick on clearing plates and letting us know that each person gets half a lobster. Great lobster. It was really small though but half a lobster is good for one person. The crab legs were my next pit stop. There were two kinds: snow crab legs and king crab legs. I personally liked the king crab legs because they were bigger and they were sliced in half, so we didn't have to use any tools but our fingers to take the meat out. The legs were juicy and it had a good amount of flavor. If it's too much spray some lemon it. Another great part of the buffet is dessert! So delicious. I wanted to get everything. I had the bananas foster, bread pudding, flan, and some cheesecake. Bread pudding was good but not what I expected. I truly loved the egg part of the flan but not the sauce paired with it. Why couldn't it just be a normal caramel sauce? But instead it had an orange-y flavor. They also have gelato I can't even remember what flavor I got. Geez what a fata$$. Whatever every bite of food from here was well worth it. I would come back for sure.-Give it a try. p.s.: PACE YOURSELF!
3	The best thing here was probably the crab legs, they had king crab and snow crab. All the other food is pretty much lower than mediocre. The desert was pretty good. Not a big fan of this place though.
3	For $32 a person, this place was a little over-rated. Everyone seemed to go for the crab legs but they had so little meat in them, you'd need to grab a dozen just to have a decent sized portion. The sushi was awful (they only had 3 selections of rolls and the only difference being the spice on top), the "fresh" bread was dried out and stale, and they didn't seem to restock on anything until it was all gone (meaning that it took them a while to bring out more). The pesto pasta was good, but it was the only pasta available besides some kind of Chinese noodle pasta. The pizza was also good but unless you get a slice right as they brought it out, it would get cold really fast (the heating plates didn't seem to work very well).Its like they randomly selected a bunch of different food and hoped it was diverse enough to attract more people. I had 4 glasses of soda but it only equaled to about 2 glasses because they stuffed so much ice in it.If you're going to spend a lot on a meal, its probably better to go to a nice restaurant instead of taking a chance on a buffet.
3	Vegas buffets tend to be all pretty similar.  Mass produced, widely varied, heat lamped foods that satiate your every food craving but rarely leaves you thinking you had a fine dining experience.  Back in the day, when buffets were $9.95, all of that was fine.  But now, a family of 4 will easily leave a buffet out more than a C-note even if you don't order a beer or glass of wine with your meal. Aria is on the expensive side even by Vegas standards.   Better selection than most.  Appreciated the Indian food options and healthy portions of pre-cut crab legs that I didn't see at other buffets.  Their sushi was also pretty good but a bit annoying that there was far more sushi rice than fish.All in all, I'd give the Aria 4 stars as far as buffets go so far as the food is concerned.  However, I feel compelled to ding them a star for their lack of a child rate.  They wanted the same $24.95 (+tax and tip) for my 7-year old daughter's lunch who had all of 1/2 a slice of pizza and a cheerio as they wanted for my wife and I .   I didn't figure that out til after we'd paid for our meal.  Beware future family travelers to Vegas.
4	Pretty good food for the money-especially the deserts and bottomless wine.
3	I want to give this place a 3.5, but the extremely high price of this buffet made me round it down to a 3. There was like 5 people in line when I got there at 7pm which was very weird. I went on a saturday and the dinner cost like $46 after tax and tip. The layout and design of the restaurant give it a high class vibe. The general food and quality was very similar to Bellagio with more of a focus on Indian food. They have fresh made naan which was quite delicious.Theres the standard crab legs and shrimp, but for some reason the weekend I went it had unpeeled shrimp and the crab legs were smaller then I remembered seeing before. They also gave half a lobster to each guest after you sat down, but you were not allowed to have refills on the lobster. Lobster was very delicious.I mainly enjoyed the carved meats. They had a lot of options such as brisket, prime rib, pork ribs, beef ribs, skirt steak, mahi mahi, etc. I of which we very good. The chinese food and sushi was okay, but not real memorable. I didnt try the pastas, they had a pasta station, but didnt use it.The desert area is sorta hit or miss. I didnt like it, but I know others who have liked it. Its more of a crap shoot on whether or not the stuff they had was the stuff you liked. I love cheesecake and creme brulee, but they didnt really have anything like that. The cheesecake they had was not something I would consider to be a cheesecake.I would go back again, but I think I would rather go to Bellagio buffet.
2	damn this place is expensive! and  the quality of the food is just so so! I have tried many other buffets in vegas and I still think Bellagio buffet is the best....
4	Lots of choices.  It was literally too much food for my eyes to handle, let alone my stomach.  I did the compulsory walkaround just to make sure I didn't miss anything.  They had sushi, chinese, american, italian, etc etc.  is it the best brunch i ever had?  I dunno about that, but it was maybe the most variety i've had at brunch.  maybe not.  I'm a little indecisive today about my buffet history.  So yeah, I went on a Friday which is brunchtime.  Not too crowded, but still pretty crowded.  The server was ok.  Not the best, not the worst.I tend to take a little bit of each item that looks appetizing.  Then if I really liked something I'll go back for seconds.  Then I usually hit the desserts.I know someone was wondering what my buffet eating strategy was.  So there you have it.  I heard the one at the Cosmo is better, but unfortunately I didn't have time to check it out.  Maybe next time.
3	Passed by Vegas to eat my heart out after a long backpacking trip and was actually a bit disappointed. There was no line over a labor day weekend..maybe that was a bad sign?The crab legs were frozen. And I guess that's to be expected, but at least they should not make it super obvious by thawing them out completely. I bit into my crab meat and I had some ice bits I had to chew up. Ugh. They had an assortment of world cuisine. At the Chinese food section, they had Chinese people working there, Indian section, Indian people working there. I guess it's there to promote that their food is legit? Here are some items that stood out to me:tamales: a bit on the dry sidedesserts: not as much variety as I would have wanted, nothing spectacular.eggs benedict: egg was not runnyfried rice: really goodcold cuts: high quality and freshsoup: clam chowder and chicken noodle were excellentprime rib: good for those who like medium and well doneOverall, I don't think I would come here again. I've tried it once next time its time to move on and try other buffets.
1	not a lot of variety and range for the breakfast transitioning to lunch.nothing wow'ed me or made me go for seconds..most of the food i only ate midway of it all.i rather go to wicked spoon or to even excalibur's buffet.vdara comped me 2buffet tickets for it so thats the only plus
5	Light and very open seating makes the experience of this extensive buffet a delight! The wait staff is very attentive and the menu, even at lunch, covers every taste from vegetarian to jumbo crab legs !
5	Buffet was great food was good. They heat up your king crab and warm butter is waiting. Staff is friendly and ambiance was amazing! Worth the money
4	Loved the Aria buffet! Lots of great choices, wait staff was very attentive, and the atmosphere was definitely a break from the constant "Go! Go! Go!" of the Strip.Regardless of your buffet attack plan, you're not doing Aria right if you don't constantly have a plate of freshly steamed crab legs on your table. So yummy. I didn't try them cold, but asked the chef to steam them instead. I was not disappointed.Dessert selection was pretty good too. I was too full to try too many things, but the few things I did try were nice.Will definitely be hitting this place up if we make it back to Vegas again!
5	The Buffet at Aria was sheer bliss; An orgasm for my tastebuds indeed. It is by far, the BEST buffet in Vegas.We went on a Friday night with my boyfriend, and I think it was about $42 per person. This includes bottomless wine, and a complimentary lobster tail for two. The food was amazinig! Everything was fresh and the meats,fish, pasta, chicken, and some other entrees were cooked to order. The sushi selection was amazing, and the grilled salmon was like butter in my mouth! Ahhhhh I wish I there was something comparable in Los Angeles!Filet mignon, New York steak, roasted lamb, and grilled chicken....oh my....my mouth waters at the recollection.Dessert selection is truly endless! They carry the tasiest cakes, pies, chocolate mousse, and ice cream any sweet-toothed person can enjoy. By the end of the night, I was tipsy, full, and happy. I cannot wait to go back!If you are in Las Vegas, you MUST do The Buffet at Aria. No questions asked!
4	You know the buffet drill: bring your least tightest fitting pants and shirts preferably sweats and a plain white t-shirt or colored t-shirt since you're probably going to fall victim to a rogue spicy tuna roll or a bombardment of butter from you copious amounts of crab legs.The first roadblock to someone attending a Vegas buffet is cost. The Aria Buffet is reasonably priced at $32 for a non-alcoholic buffet and $36 for a bottomless champagne or bloody mary attachment. Um, if you're wincing at the $4 dollar difference, than you're probably not a drinker or have been hit hard by the gambling bug and do not want to open your wallet further than it already has been.The 2nd part of a buffet equation is the quality and amount of choices given to a diner. Now, it is most certainly a form of gluttony and excess (what Vegas does in abundance...). The Buffet at The Aria gives you plenty of choices from bahn mi and soba noodles to the quintessential crab legs. There is a glorious carving station that offers mahi mahi, prime rib, ham, and turkey. You can also brunch it up with a French toast and pancake section. You want warm fruit nestled in sauce for your pancakes or French toast? No problem! Scrambled eggs w/o gluten more your thing, well, they have that as well!The standout of this trip to the buffet, though, is the bottomless champagne. My friends and I made sure we were always with flutes of mimosas. The waitress was ever-so-generous and she was as attentive w/o being overtly pressuring. She kept the birthday weekend going and she deserved every bit of the generous tip we left her.After nom nom noming our way through copious amounts of food items, we settled and conquered the dessert section. This place is immaculate! From cherry cheesecake to a bounty of cookies, this dessert section is one of the brighter sides of the buffet.From attentive service to reasonably priced Vegas buffet, the Aria houses a great option for those staying and for those looking for an alternative to the long lines @ Wicket Spoon or Bacchanal. I recommend it for all those looking for a buffet to conclude or begin one's Vegas trip.
5	This was my second or third best buffet in Vegas (after trying MANY).  We went there for lunch.  The place was very clean, very stylishly decorated and it was a real fun eating adventure.  Plenty of meal choices including a LOT of gluten-free, which my wife loved. There was a really simple nectarine salad that my wife went back for 3 times.  They had sushi, italian style pizza slices (the kind with an egg on top - so classic!), just about everything for every taste!  Excellent carving stationAria was really an incredible lunch choice~!  It was a bit pricey but we went on a Saturday.Great job by Aria!
4	A pleasant, clean buffet that serves crab legs.Overall, a very satisfying dining experience.
1	Expensive for low quality and limited choice of food....not enough staff (and poorly trained - obvious union influence)... Not even busy...it was 8:30 am...Dirty plates stayed on the table for more than 30 mns before a chewing gum busgirl came over and piled them up along with others under her arm, no tray,..... I bought  "champagne" brunch for $6+tax extra each, more than 45 mins passed by before I could get the 2nd one, and I had to call the waitress attention on it. Coffee ordered arrived late and cold, not even in a pot, straight in cup... Pathetic. The worst buffet I have experienced in Las Vegas. So long "Aria"....Never again. Mandalay Bay or Wynn Buffets are much better. However prices at buffets have skyrocketed while service and quality have plummeted... Beware.... I live here..... Been there, done them all...
5	Price quality is perfect  Choose the bubbly or wine option it is worth the money
4	long line to get in....The draw of this buffet at first was the free champagne/mimosa or bloody mary that came with the priceReally liked the diversity in the food. You could get sushi, breakfast food,  crab legs!, BBQ station, pesto pizza, pork buns, NY steak. Great dessert selection as well. Staff was friendly and attentive. Decor very pretty.Overall, win-win.
4	My first and only Vegas buffet, so I have nothing to compare it to... but it exceeded my expectations. Truly something - a lot of somethings - for everyone.  Unlimited snow and king crab legs, delicious shrimp shooters, great carving station, decent desserts.  Didn't have the "buffet" ambiance I expected - I could have easily been in a swanky, trendy restaurant.
2	Had dinner buffet at Aria which is a gourmet buffet and includes unlimited wine. It also includes half a Maine Lobster per person for $38.95 each. So at those rates I expected a lot and I'm sorry to say I was highly disappointed. The server we had was not the best. The lobster was small and over cooked. It was so soft I could crack the shell with my bare hands. The highlight of my buffet experience at Aria were the cuts of meats. The skirt steak, prime rib, and brisket were delicious, very tender. The pork & beef ribs were dry.  Sushi selection was basic and the other selections were simple. They have a special oven that cooks Indian Naan bread which was very good and the tandoori chicken was very moist. I've been to many Las Vegas buffets n Aria does not make my top 5 list. For them to call it a gourmet dinner is misleading. The presentation wasn't even gourmet. So if you're in Vegas and willing to spend $40.00 for a dinner buffet, try The Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan which is a walk across the bridge.  That's more gourmet, just no lobster.
3	Buffet on Thursday for brunch from 11-4 is about $25 each. Definitely recommend calling for prices because it's not listed on their site. We got there with the end of lunch food still out. The brisket with BBQ sauce was very good. If you get there at 3:30 ish... Not much to choose from for food. Crab legs were not so big. Sushi was all dried out. When 4pm comes around the new food comes out. The shrimp cocktail is now in 2 piece shooters. Still good. The salad shooters are good to try. The prime rib was good. Everything else was okay. The desserts were awesome. Recommend the butterfinger ice cream. The strawberry shortcake was tart but tasty. The tiramisu was great. Snicker cake was yummy. Overall not bad but like all buffets, a little pricey.
1	Do not go here. The Aria hotel is beautiful site and a must spot to visit, but the buffet is the worst I have had  in Las Vegas (I am a local). I went with a small group and ran into friends. The buffet would not let us sit next to each other, or even the same section unless we paid an additional 18% which would have been $60 dollars - just to sit at a table next to our friends (several were open).  The service was really poor from the check-in to the server (who only showed up once the whole time).  To top it off the food was poor even by buffet standard, especially the sushi. Tried to have an open mind but even the prime rib was overcooked and thin, the salad had been siting so long it was soggy. So many better options- do yourself a favor and don't go back..   They are the first restaurant I have ever thought was so bad I would give a negative review.
1	they have a great variety of international foods, but the food was not delicious and wasn't prepared right. Their Banh Mi (vietnamese sandwich) had there had way too much mayo, their noodles were way too hard and their fries were soggy. All their foods were way too salty too. Out of all the different types of foods they had, the only one I enjoyed was the Indian curry. it was really good with their garlic naan. :)
4	Very nice selection. Friendly staff. I loved their omelet station for brunch as well as their cheese and meats deli section.
4	I was excited to try this buffet out because it was new and being inside Aria I thought it would just as good as the Bellagio Buffet. The buffet is very pricey just like all other buffets in 5 star hotels but not all live up to the hype such as this buffet. Although it looked very nice and chic, it didn't have large selection compared to Bellagio and Bachannel Buffet. My shrimp cocktail only came in small cups with one shrimp inside. They didn't have a a shrimp pile like most buffets just a small dessert size cup with one shrimp and some cocktail sauce. The king crab legs were very good and so was the rest of the food, I just wished they had a wider selection of food but the dessert section kinda made up for it.They had a lot of different kinds of cakes with my favorite the key lime pie and the occasional cheesecake, gelato, fresh fruit and warm baked cookies. Restroom is located right behind the dessert section so it beats walking outside of the buffet.The buffet is located in the 2nd level of the casino right next to the Zarkana theater, Gold Lounge, pool and the hotel elevators. Buffet overall was not bad but I had better.
3	Casino buffets along the Las Vegas strip set the bar as only Sin City can with a plethora of items for the palate. The Buffet at the Aria delivers on this element with random abandon, but the total tragedy of taste and inconsistency that is delivered with some items prepared almost perfectly and some contemptuously under-prepared is truly heart breaking for any buffet loving foodie.The buffet area and dining areas are kept impeccably clean, the staff were friendly, and swept in when necessary without becoming a nuisance. The dining area hosts numerous seating arrangements with different views and a fantastic modern design. It's very unfortunate that the price to value is underwhelming against them with respect to the amount of preparation variance in the buffet items.
2	oh em gee... terrible food and terrible setting.I HATE buffets, but went here because a dear friend of mine talked about it for two days and insisted on going. I am glad that I went because it reconfirmed why I hate buffets. There was a HUGE selection, but a huge selection of crap. You had your usual prime rib, seafood, mexican food, sushi, asian fusion etc.- all lacking in quality. I don't remember specific details, because there was so much food, but what I do remember is that they used snow crab legs- - lame!! I am not asking for stone crab, but at least Alaskan king or something more meaty. Way better options in Vegas... tsk tsk
5	Really? All you can eat King Crab Legs (cold or steamed) AND Prime Rib for like $40???? They lost money on me that's for sure! If they want to collect some cash to offset what I ate, they'd better see the Blackjack dealers downstairs!   ;)Everything on this buffet is great. Yes, the King Crab Legs are a little smaller than a "seafood restaurant" may serve, so you just go back for 2nds, 3rds, 4ths, 5ths, etc.The desserts are clearly gourmet and house made. We did my sister's wedding rehearsal dinner here for a group of 70 and I cannot tell you how amazing the staff was. The pricing was excellent, they included a whole lobster for each guest and they were organized and prepared.  I've been back 2 times since that rehearsal and this is totally on my Vegas "must do" list every time.
2	Such a nice hotel with such sad food. I was overall disappointed, even though the venue was nice. Saw some people from the Glee TV show there, but nothing worth writing about.
4	I've eaten at the Aria Buffet on two consecutive Vegas trips, most recently at the end of September. Both times, the buffet was a home run with myself and everyone in my party. The setting is beautiful, with a view of the pool complex and a lot of natural light. I love the trend towards using natural light that is in the newer Vegas properties. Both of my experiences have been with the lunch selections. I love that for an extra ten dollars, you can add on bottomless Mimosas or Blood Marys. This is a bargain and the servers keep your glasses full. Services is great here.The food is high quality and I although I felt like it had a smaller selection that other similar buffets (Wynn/Bellagio), I still found plenty to enjoy. Aria, like other high end buffets, has crab leg already cracked. As far as I am concerned, this is the only way to eat crab legs. I don't like fighting with my food! My boyfriend's mom found plenty of vegetarian options that she enjoyed.  My only complaint is the that the shrimp cocktail comes in little cups of two. At most buffets, this is my favorite item and I can eat a bunch. Granted, you can technically take as many cups as you want, but it seems that the demand is higher than they can keep up with. The presentation is nice in the cups, but they should just put it on a platter and let people help themselves.This is a great buffet in a beautiful hotel and I'm looking forward to my next visit!
5	Wonderful dessert and crab legs.Nothing else to say, don't want to bother myself getting dessert right now. Yum.
3	Clean, modern look and decorFood: Good variety which consists of japanese, italian, indian, and normal buffet fixings of barbeque, salad and veggies. Highlights are: vanilla gelato - SO GOOD! I had to go back for seconds. Grab some of the cookies (which were soft and yummy) strategically placed at the end of the table and you have a delicious combo of cookies + gelato :)! I went for lunch with a few friends and liked the variety that the buffet offers. The crab legs were decent and the prime rib was juicy but lacked flavor. I also really liked the pesto pizza. There wasn't a wait when I came. I'd recommend it if you are in the area but don't go out of your way to come here.
3	If you head to the Buffet at ARIA, bring your stomach for sure. The line is always pretty long unless you have a pass from the hotel (basically I wouldn't consider it worth standing in the regular line, with how long it generally looks...), and it's really not very cheap. The service is pretty nice, though. The waiters and waitresses are pretty attentive with refilling drinks, which is nice. Drinks like soda are included in the price, and the price of alcohol isn't too bad. Walking into the buffet, the first thing that's noticeable is the decor - it's a stunning room, with a gorgeous view of the pool. Plenty of natural light comes in during the day, and you can still see outside at night. It's a really lovely view, especially if you're seated by the window. The food isn't bad, but it's "quantity over quality" for sure. Most things are good, with a few exceptions that are great. Very few of the options I've tried have every really been bad, necessarily, just not amazing. Unfortunately very little of the lunch/dinner foods are really exceptional. One of the great features is the variety. The buffet sets up different stations, including Asian, Mediterranean, Indian, Italian, seafood, and traditional American fare. There are areas with cheeses and olives and meats, and you can find sushi and crab legs and all sorts of other things. Basically if you try one food and don't like it, there's bound to be something else you'll enjoy. It's a great chance to try some new things, and it makes for a fun meal if you've got adventurous tastes. On one of our trips we were there for Christmas, and the buffet had a special where they offered a lobster with the meal for a small added fee. That was definitely a mistake - it was very dry and chewy, and not even worth the small amount extra. Where the buffet shines is in the fact that the desserts are absolutely fantastic. My one regret every time I've gone is that it would be ridiculous to try everything, so my friend and I got in the habit of getting different ones and sharing so that we could try as much as possible. They're beautifully presented, with decorated plates, cute dishes, and stunning designs, and they always taste absolutely wonderful. They also have gelato options. The sweets are definitely on par with the other bakeries and dessert shops in the building.
1	We went the day before the actual opening and was pretty excited to try a new buffet that will try to compete with Ceasars......Too bad it didn't come close.Cons:- Majority of the hot dishes were cold, not warm but actually cold even though some of them were brought out fresh- Nothing really stands out to make it unique- Price for what was offeredPros:- Sushi was pretty good compared to buffet sushi- The nan breads were great- King Crab legsI most likely would never come back unless they get their act together. It was a pretty horrible experience for Day 1.
1	Given free dining credit upon check in & high recommendation from the front desk, we decided to give Aria Buffet another try since it is 're-opening' on the 2nd day. The staff that seated us promised that 'the new buffet is much better than the previous one'. However, it is still the same as before & nothing special. The cons: 1) Food were mostly warm, very close to cold2) Selections are still limited with 'nothing special'. 3) Not enough servers. Plates were not collected promptly compared to other buffets on the strip4) Our silverware were cleared as we were done when we were only 1+ hour into brunch. We returned to our table with most items cleared. 5) Dessert bar were empty most of the time during brunch. I'm talking about 10-11 am when ppl started to come in. 6) Super plain Asian food selection. They were only serving fried rice, fried noodles, and some other small plates. Not likely to come back & I'm sure most users that ate there before will feel the same. Still selections are too limited for the $$$.
5	Just had the holiday buffet brunch at Aria. It was a really good experience. We went at  3, so were able to eat their dinner selections too which start at 4. The buffet was pricey compared to the other ones around, is comparable to the one at Bellagio. The quality of the food was really good, they had some really  good tandoori chicken. All their food was great. They had one of the best collections of Dessert I have ever had. I would really recommend the buffet to everyone.
4	Hadn't been to a buffet for years in Vegas, so I was trying to round up everyone to go to the Wynn buffet.  Unsuccessful because these guys were staying at Vdara, so they had the resort credit.  Fine, whatever, I'll give it a shot.I can say...pretty good.  Not quite Wynn, but up there.  Before I get to the food, it's important to note how spacious and clean this place is.  There are those buffets that look so ghetto that you really can't feel comfortable pigging out.  This is not one of those buffets, so rest assured that's not a problem.They space out the food by various kinds of cuisine: Chinese, seafood, meat section, sushi, etc.  Here's the important stuff: king crab legs, rack of lamb, prime rib.  As long as you have those big three, then I'm sold immediately.  Just grab a plate of king crab legs, grab some warm butter, and go to town!  They also have a BBQ beef and pork ribs too, which are a nice change-up from the big three.  Aside from that, don't waste your time on sushi.  It's just standard fare and quite unappetizing if you ask me.  The dim sum here was pretty bleh, but the roasted duck leg and Peking duck was pretty damn awesome.  Raw oysters were also ftw.  And their truffle mac and cheese...this is probably the best thing in this place for real.  I typically stay away from carbs when I come to a buffet, but for truffle anything, I'll always make the exception.  My only gripe is that the shrimp wasn't already shelled, and that's why I can't give it a 5.  Come on, I don't have the time to waste on shucking the shrimp!Barely made it to dessert, but their cheesecake is pretty good.  They have a pretty nice assortment of desserts as well as gelato.  Of course if you actually make it to dessert, I commend you.  Also have fruits, which has a purpose that I don't really have to make further mention of.I still wanna go back to Wynn buffet but this was pretty good.
5	The desserts are to die for! :)The actual buffet is  decent. Very clean, Good service. I loved the jumbo shrimps and Asian section a lot. Good selection of cheese as well, but deserts are sent straight from heaven and to top it off they have high quality tea bags, that just adds to the experience.
2	You would think being one of the newest resorts in Las Vegas, and smack in the middle of all the action, that The Buffet at Aria would be top notch.  Any but!I went with a group of 4 on a Wednesday at 12 noon.  There was a 30 minute wait.  No big deal for a quality buffet.  Once we got our table, the service was prompt and good.  This is why I gave it at least 2 stars.  If the service was poor, I would have given none (1).  So why the poor rating? THE FOOD!  They pride themselves on all you can eat crab legs.  And they had both hot and cold to select from.  I tried both.  Both were very dry and little on the meat.  The legs are cut length wise down the middle, so you get one really thin side of meat to eat, which takes a lot of work to get a small dry and flaky reward.  They have several stations to sample different parts of styles; Asian, Mediterranean, American, Mexican and a couple others.  The Asian sucked.  Noodles were bland and the Korean ribs fat and greasy.  The Prime rib (which was actually Ribeye roast, not Prime) was dark throughout.  There is a cold cut section which was tasty, but all the cheeses next to it were cubed.  So if you wanted to make a little sandwich, you were out of luck.  I tried a pepperoni pizza bagel and waited until a fresh one came out of the oven.  When I got back to my table to eat, it was soggy in the middle, disgusting.  I tried a few other things and overall wasn't impressed.  The dessert section had a lot of variety and I sampled several items.  All were pretty good, except for a lollipop cake.  It was gross.All four of us had high hopes for this buffet.  The Aria hotel is super nice and has an upscale look inside and out.  So to pay $35 and for this meal was a huge let down.  I'm not trying to be overly critical, just accurate.  Trying the one at Caesar's next... I hear it is amazing.  Hopefully I will remember to post a review
5	Two thumbs up!The best buffet I had this Christmas in Vegas.Very tasty food which made me feel the cook's effort inside out.Snow crab legs and king crab legs were the best. Plus the service was great.
1	One of the worst buffet experience ever in Las Vegas. It's almost like I'd rather go to Denny's for brunch. First of all, it's full price for a 4 year old, so they already robbed you there. Food quality is awful. Prime Rib was chewy, crab leg is too salty, and the rest of the food was barely interesting. What drove down the experience is our server Linda, accusing our nanny for drinking a glass of Orange juice and decided to call their manager on us. Can you imagine how rude and embarrassing that is coming from a server and they are suppose to represent a brand image of Aria Hotel? We had just spent $250 worth of brunch and they're going to lose that entire business over a glass of $.10 cents worth of orange juice. Manager did come over and apologize but it's way too late to fix things. Completely unprofessional! FAIL!!! Will never ever return!
5	Crab legs, Shrimp cocktail, and more! I love this place! The waiters are so nice and attentive, and the tandoor oven and the dessert section are the WOW factors. Don't miss the desserts! They even recently expanded their Asian selections!
2	The buffet at Aria, although revamped, is mediocre.  We got in at about 3:15 p.m. on the lunch price for dinner.  Since it was Christmas Day, the holiday brunch buffet items like scrambled eggs, eggs benedict were still on the buffet at 3:30 p.m.  The items were slowly changed.  Not worth the money.
4	came here because we had a resort credit.  would probably not have come here without it because it would of been 45 dollars a person since it was 'holiday' pricing.  but i believe most hotels will charge alot during holiday periods.  we came at around 5pm and there wasn't a wait at all.  we also noticed throughout the night that the line wasn't that long compared to lets say the spice market.  like most buffets they have your prime ribs, sushi, crab legs, etc.  some unique stuff we tried were the dim sum, and fish and chips.  they also have a really fresh salad bar.  we both felt the quality of the food and vegetables were very fresh.  unlike most buffets where they leave a lot of old food, we noticed they didn't do that here.  as for desert, they had many selections from creme burlee to cheese cake to ice cream.  one thing we didn't enjoy was the server had too many tables to wait on and therefore it took  a little to get our drinks.  but i guess thats a management issue.  overall i would say this is a great buffet with many different ethic foods and from what we tried, the food all tasted nice and fresh.  because of the price though, i'm not sure if we'll come back for awhile since wynn, belliagio, rio, and spice market are all really good options.
4	Went there dinner 1/31/12.  They had the unlimited lobster tail for $70 special. Really liked their selection. Nice cocktail shrimps. Crab legs were already opened for easy eating. Good overall.
2	We have been to many buffets in Vegas and this is one of the worst! The crab legs are a joke! The rest of the food is barely edible. The best thing was the salad which does not say much! Go to Caesars Buffett. Much better!
3	It wasn't that bad I came here expecting the worst because of all the yelp reviews. But it was ok. The crab legs were salty. I guess they did it on purpose so you could drink a lot of water and get full quick. But since we got the room credit from Vdara so the buffet was free. Overall, it was a pleasant experience.
2	Buffett was moderate at best - absolutely not worth the $50 per head we payed and 60 minute line we stood in. Crab legs were the best part, although some of the meat was caked with ice. Everything else I tried was average to below average. No self serve beverages and service was terrible. Didn't bring drinks til we were on plate #2 and no refills. Would not return.
4	Stayed at the Aria 1/3-1/5/13. We ate 3 meals there breakfast, lunch, dinner. We encountered hardly any wait when we went on all 3 occasions but obviously this is going to vary greatly depending on day of week etc.The food seemed to be up to par with the competitions. Everything was well laid out and tastefully displayed. The food stations were kept clean and restocked.On all 3 visits our wait staff kept our table clear and drinks filled. The dining areas were kept very clean and clear.The Aria's Buffet is exactly what I expect from a Upper end Vegas Buffet. Nothing outrageous but nothing nasty. The ayce King Crab & Prime Rib were as good as any. For me it was the perfect place to catch a simple meal without leaving the resort.
3	I came to eat here with my man friend on New Year's Eve night, but I am not to sure what they serve normally. The buffet had PRIMIE RIB, LOBSTER TAIL, and other amazing dishes. If you rarely go on food adventures you can definitely try it here. Mexican, Chinese, Mediterranean food they have it all. The dessert was defintely more artistic than anything. Not sure if I would come back again, because I do not really eat buffet's that often, but check it out! :D ENJOY!
3	Since I was staying in the hotel we had a $25 credit to use anywhere in the hotel. Why not spend it on an expensive dinner. I came in a group of about 8 people. They ended up splitting us up almost across the buffet since we didn't want to pay an extra 18%. I can see maybe like the next table over or even across the section but whatever, they had their rules. I must say that the spread was one of the biggest I've seen. They literally had food from all over the world! French, Mediterranean, Italian, Chinese, Mexican... They had a salad area with different types of leaves and tons of toppings. A seafood bar with crab legs, ceviche, and oysters. But the best part of any buffet, the desserts! And boy was it pretty! They had this ice cream wheel, yes I know let me explain! Think wheel of fortune but with flavors. Pick your flavor and the lady scooping will spin the wheel until it comes to your ice cream. They also had mini cupcakes, whoppie pies, cake pops, and the regular stuff like cakes and cookies. I wouldnt say that the food was out of this world. Frankly a lot of it just tasted like mass produced buffet food would. But the variety, cleanliness, and pleasant drink staff makes me want to come back. Two adult dinners came out to be about $85. If you want to add bottomless beer its and extra $12.
3	It could be better - It could be worse.I went to see  the newly renovated buffet at the Aria last week. They did a good job with the remodel. The place is more friendly but also more upscale. The food is easier to access.The menu is not dramatically different from before but there are some new additions. It appeared to me that they were doing their best to copy the buffet at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. There was a nice wide selection. The problem? 50% of the things I selected were either downright cold or lukewarm - maybe tepid. The other 50% ranged from warm to almost hot.It appears it's not possible (at least at the Aria) to serve hot food on a buffet. The prices are in line with other upscale buffets in the area. The food while cold, did have very nice flavors. The chef knows what he/she is doing. There were some very nuanced dishes - very sophisticated for a buffet. I will give it another try but if they can't sort out the cold food problem by the next time I visit, my wallet and I will be moving on to one of the other 100 buffets in Vegas.
5	It really doesn't get any better! Love assortment of food choices.  Everything is fresh and wine is included?  FABULOUS!!!
4	Weekday morning breakfast buffets for $17.99 is not too shabby!  Keep in mind to go around 10:30AM so you can hit the breakfast as well as the lunch items.  If you decide to go earlier, you may end up running out of things to eat.  For me, I love variety so that was a huge bonus.  The lunch items come out at 11:00AM so everything was freshly prepared and hot.Tips:-Go for the warm/hot snow crab legs (much better than the cold ones)-Clam chowder was great and you can put in some freshly cooked clams from another section of the buffet too.  They're in a big pot.-They have congee that you can add preserved eggs and bbq pork-Fresh naan bread made in front of you-The dessert section is big and have a variety of sugarless items-Loved the gelato and sorbets-Washrooms are located inside the restaurant, -less walking
2	This was my second visit at Aria buffet. I came back the second day after Aria was reopened in Nov. It was a great disappointment. Is it just me? I didn't see much difference after reopening! All I knew was they took the lobster away!!! And everything was either cold or lukewarm (except soup). Where the hell did they spent that 3.5 million dollars on? The only things I liked was clam chowder soup and desert section. For dinner buffet price of $40 per person during weekend,  I am so staying with Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon!
4	Hands down better than any of the standard buffets.  Yes, it's a little pricier than others, but it is well worth it.  The food is good quality, and plentiful.
4	My boyfriend and I really liked this place that we ate here two days in a row during brunch. Brunch over the weekends cost around $30.On the first day we ate here, we got here just before dinnertime but only paid for brunch and was able to enjoy some of the dinner foods they brought out.I was really craving some meat that day and got the prime rib. I was hugely disappointed to find that it was tough, overcooked and dry. My favorite item was the smoked salmon. The chicken sausage was also great; the frittata that comes in the mini cast iron skillet was okay but a bit salty. The mashed potato was plain. The eel sushi was good. My boyfriend was a huge fan of the crab legs. I didn't try any dessert due to a gluten allergy but my boyfriend liked the pistachio gelato.When dinner came around, we heard that they had lamb leg and I got a piece of that and was disappointed yet again; it too was tough, overcooked and dry.I also got some raw oysters which were pretty good. The next day, the line was longer when we got there but it still moved relatively fast. I tried their scrambled eggs which were bomb-diggity. I got some more smoked salmon of course, as well as the chicken sausage. They also had some cooked veggies (zucchini, yellow squash and carrots) which were great. I tried one of their proscuitto and it tasted horrible. I think I remember telling my boyfriend it tasted like soap. It was so bad that I spit it out into a napkin. Again, no dessert for me but my boyfriend liked the creme brulee. Overall I really liked this buffet. One star docked off because of the disappointing meat and most of the items were okay, not great. But I'd still come back here if I'm ever back in Vegas.
3	A great selection with some hits and misses. If the food was only hot like it should be this place would be a solid 4 stars. The number one problem is most everything is cold or Luke warm. The pork dumplings, shrimp and crab legs are pretty good. For the price I think there are better choices. The server was on the ball and really took good care of us.
3	Okay I have decided to write a review on a buffet that is so-so.  Not sure if I am being fair with this as I generally do not enjoy buffets...any place that I have have to wait in line or watch people mull around with plates of food in their hands while they "sample and eat" at various food stations does not appeal to me.Needless to say The Buffet at Aria has vastly improved from its original days.  Clean, open dining area seen from the hallway makes it feel spacious.  The individual food stations were small while the portions were also small...nice!  Better than a huge stainless steel tray and a spoon where you scoop up your portion size. I think this is better so that you will eat smaller portions and more variety.It was nice to see a seafood station that is part of their regular menu...nit some special Only on Friday or the weekend.If you like buffets and are with friends or family, I would suggest giving this one a shot however if you're looking to be impressed there are others that are far better than Aria....
2	OVERALL: I went here for the weekday lunch buffet for $21.99 and to be honest was a little underwhelmed. While the buffet was clean, nicely decorated, and the personnel were all fast and friendly, the food did not live up to my expectations. LUNCH DISHES: The best items were the beef brisket and the snow crab legs. I found that the rest of the stations were satisfactory but not good enough to go back for seconds. DESSERT:In my opinion the gelato was the best dessert and I liked that they had a large variety of flavors to choose from. The other desserts that I tried (cheesecake, cake pops, cupcakes, and some cream-like dessert in a shot glass) were not that impressive.
3	Definitely one of the better buffets in town (3.5 would be most accurate for the food; 3.0 for ambiance). Most dishes are well prepared and of good quality with flavors well balanced and the selection is a bit differentiated from standard buffet fare (e.g. garlic and herb naan and pepperoni pizza bagels). We were there for the brunch buffet and my husband says the cured and carved meat selections were quite tasty and the food stations are done in a visually appealing manner.The room is spacious and open with plenty of filtered light and view of the pool area and trees; it's part of the Aria's "promenade venues" and continues the theme of plentiful filtered light, modern decor and open space. Thing is though, the buffet room gets a bit too loud (compared to other buffets, such as the Wynn) which takes away a bit from the upscale ambiance the place is supposed to have.Hint for Vdara guests: don't take the tram and try to get there via the Crystals & Aria's main entrance. There's no need to trek through the smokey Aria casino, you can just walk out the Vdara lobby, across Harmon on the walk way over the street and into the Aria lobby. Head right on the second floor; from there and it's just a couple of yards.
1	Food selection is minimal. They put out very small portions of everything therefore the food runs out quickly and is not replenished right away. I have eaten at Bellagio and Caesars Buffett and this place does not compare at all. The staff is not as friendly with the exception of our waiter Randy! Randy was AWESOME! He is the reason I gave it at least one star! Some of the foods stay in a pot on top of a warmer and just get hard. I ate some crunchy tasteless fried rice today... Yuck! Beat part is the oce cream and sorbet selections. The flan was good. The rest was tasteless! Extremely too pricey for the wack selection of food. Spend 3 more bucks and go to a better buffett. This one sucks!
4	The hubby and I went here last weekend. It was our first time back since it re-opened. All I can say is OMG! This place is so good! We went for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We got there pretty early so we were seated right away and the server was very polite.  (Btw, the server told us that Saturday afternoons are the busiest.) The are lots of food options and if you have special dietary needs, ex. Gluten-free, there are some options for you. If you get an omelet made for you at the omelet station, it will be big so you might want to share so they you have room for the other delicious food. We are definitely coming here again!
4	Wish I was there for breakfast / lunch. But hot dog! That craaaab was gooooood~! The first thing you see is the dessert on the left side. There's some really good cheesecake, a variety of ice creams, and a bunch of baked stuff that you just wanna attack first before getting towards the back.They have a quaint selection of deli and a fair amount of MEAT in the back. Towards the center is seafood and salad and though there wasn't much of a selection for sushi, the rolls that were there were pretty good. You can also make your own salad and they even have blue cheese. (YUCK).The one thing I was probably disappointed about that night was the tandori chicken. Otherwise, damn, that butter chicken and the naan...HELLLLLO~! I think the quality of the food was pretty good though it can probably tear a whole in your pocket.
4	This was a great experience. We did the bottomless mimosa/bloody mary option and took advantage of it which our waiter seemed absolutely fine with - he didn't rush us at all even though we must have been there for a few hours and had a large group and were fairly demanding (a post-vegas brunch obviously requiring a tricky balance of about four beverages at once- coffee, water, alcoholic beverage, diet coke, etc.). Buffet options were great- I especially loved the garlic naan and the chow fun.  Dessert was also delicious- they have various kinds of gelato with toppings and dozens of kinds of pastries/cakes/cookies including cake pops and apple pie.
4	I loved this buffet! As locals we tend to avoid the strip but this was so worth the traffic! I love that is almost more tapas style, than buffet style. There were a couple things that were "meh", like the WAAAAY over cooked saffron risotto , the tepid fish and chips, and some dried out dim sum. However on all of those the flavor was good, especially the risotto, but they were just sitting out too long. The mushroom polenta was mind blowing, and the dessert were phenomenal...really everything else was amazing. Also by pre-dishing most the stuff you waste less food and get to try more dishes. I will most definitely be going back!
1	I was in Vegas in the summer of 2011 and went to the Aria Buffet many times because it was amazing. They just recently remodeled and it is half the size it used to be. the food was sitting around for a while and had no taste at all. I was very dissapointed. Almost $50 nd it was horrible I would recomend Caesars Buffet it is like what Aria used to be. I really hate writing bad reviews , but Aria really dropped the ball
4	At around $40 Dollars for Brunch, I was expecting a really great situation when it came to food quality. The Aria Buffet did not let me down. They had many different stations that included LATIN, and ASIAN and and AMERICAN.. haha.. and some Mediterranean style dishes and salads too. There was a fantastic salad station which had a Waldorf Sald when I visited .. I like Waldorf Salad.. and a really nice dessert bar that included a rotating Gelato bar. In addition, since it was Brunch,. they had chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, pancakes to order..hashed potatoes and eggs.  I'm a sucker for Breakfast. I Brake for good brunch. I could have my chicken and waffles with eggs, Chinese-Style steamed buns and Mimosa! Pretty excellent and I would go again if given the chance. In a sea of buffets and all you can eateries ..thie ARIA Buffet stands out for me! Happy Eating!
4	Great experience eating here although after eating 5,000 calories in one meal you get the feeling that you want to die.  Seafood is excellent.  The crab legs and cooked jumbo shrimp make it worth paying the premium prices here.  Dessert and gelato are also tasty so save some room if that is even possible.The overall feel of this buffet is upscale and they are very nice about not rushing you to finish.  Other buffets try to get you out of there as soon as possible to make room for new people but I definitely did not get that feeling here.
2	We visted this place several years ago and throughly enjoyed it. I would have rated it 3.5-4 stars back then.  Oh how the mighty have fallen. On our recent trip we had dinner here and it was bad!  Alot of the food was old and cold. The king crab legs tasted like salt licks and a large number of other dishes were too scary looking to try. The prime rib and desert section was Aria's only saving grace. The gelato was housed in a revolving freezer that sort of reminded my of a Ice Cream Pistol LOL.  Avoid eating here as this is no longer a good buffet.  There is an all you can drink option for beer and wine for $12.99.  I suppose if you drink enough the food might taste better LMAOThe lobster shown in photos is availble on Fridays and I think Saturday, the price is considerably higher and you are limited to 1/2 lobster tail per person.
4	I will give 3.5 stars if I can. My boyfriend and I came here for Lunch on a weekday. There was a small line outside at the entrance but the line moved fairly fast. We were in line for less than 10 min. Upon seating, our Server Linda came to the table right away and took our drink orders. Unlike other buffets in town, if you are drinking any soft drinks, water, juice, coffee, they are already included in the price. For alcohol, there is an extra $12.99 which is also a good deal for all-you-can-drink beer and wine. They have different stations at the buffet area for different cuisines, anything from Italian, French, American, Mexican,Asian, to seafood and desert. We started from the Beef Brisket, they give you a huge piece (good for the gentleman) and it is so tender and juicy. The fat and the lean meat are at a perfect ratio. One thing I was surprised that they didn't have is lamp chop, hopefully they can add that onto the menu soon. Their salad bar is very extensive. A friendly staff is behind the counter and mix your salad right there for you with the fresh ingredients of your choice, and salad dressing of your choice of course. I am very impressed by this because you know it is not some old salad they premade and let it sit there overnight. As for the Asian station, one thing I am not so satisfied is the sushi they offer. It is very simple cucumber roll and sushi with no-real-fish stuffing. But they do have sashimi and shrimp ceviche in a small cup to make it up :-) The Chinese food they offer is ok I will say, I had congee which is yummy and delicious but the dim sum is a little bit too dry. I dont think they made it themselves, probably from the box. Seafood is my personal favourite, they have snow crab legs, clams, mussles (both on ice and in soup). I love it! Last but not the least they have a great desert bar! 7 different kinds of icecream and all kind of different sweets! Perfect for the ones who have sweet tooth. I heard they have wider and better selections for the weekend gourmet dinner. We will come back and check it out!
2	Brand new but super confusing, with too many complicated and unappetizing offerings. Took me three fricken rotations through the stations just to find the bacon and eggs benedict were not to be found. Super dissapointing for $20 breakfast!
5	My fiance and I splurged on our last trip and got a skysuite at Aria, which meant we got to skip the regular lines (although these never looked that bad). I heard the buffet was recently renovated, and it looked really nice. The atmosphere was really bright and airy. The servers are very nice and prompt and cleared our dishes very quickly. When we got the bottomless drink option, the waiter was very good about asking if we wanted refills whenever the glass got low.We came here three times for lunch during our weekend stay, and each time was great. Compared to other places we've eaten (Wynn Buffet, Spice, and Bacchanal), the crab legs were the best by far. They're always very fresh, constantly replenished and not once did they event run low! There are also plenty of mussels, clams, etc. The only thing I didn't like about the selection was the lack of good sushi (there were only 3 or 4 different kinds, and none looked very appetizing) and fruit variety (melons + pineapple). Overall I really loved it here! The service and food was the best I've had at Vegas so far.
4	Ranks up there with one of my fave's in Vegas. Clean, good, fresh food with a touch of class. Everything on my plate was good from the mini chicken and waffles basket to my cookies and cake i had for desert. They cut out all the unecessary stuff and leave all the good stuff. The carving board (Prime Rib, Ham) was waaaaay good. Our drinks came fast, service was good, can't complain I'll definitely be back here.Honorable Mention:  Prime Rib!
4	Been here about 10 times now. I noticed visiting this past week they renovated it a bit. The buffet is a bit on the pricey side but that's not out of the norm for strip casino spots. Nice atmosphere, very open and well arranged room. Service except for one time was very good. Done plates were taken promptly and drinks were refilled before they could get empty. There is a tandoori oven and the desserts are from the Jean Phillippe Patisserie(sp?) in Aria. Food for the most part is well above average. Usually food isn't allowed to sit too long out on the line.
2	Hit up the buffet on a friday night after checking in because we had credits for the buffet with our stay. Great selection from a variety of cuisines. Everything looked great, but some of the flavors were off and weren't cooked well. It's to be expected a bit with a buffet. The crab legs were good though. I was a bit upset because it was later in the night and they were removing dishes, especially with dessert, so we felt rushed. Moments after we we received our final drink and coffee, we were told that we needed to leave so they could close up and we couldn't finish our drinks. I get it somewhat, but not exactly friendly. Not the best experience, but others have had better.
5	this is probably my 2nd favorite buffet in town. i love the fact that you can get endless alcaholl for 12.99 more. it offers a couple beers. wines and even 1 kind of champagne. love the food. the pizza with the fried egg on top was amazing.. very kid friendly
3	We came here for breakfast, we got free vouchers to come here since we were staying at the Aria. The buffet is small compared to the others we've been to in Vegas. It was a Saturday morning and so it was pretty packed. Pretty good breakfast options, but not as worldly as I suspected it to be. Long lines to get your omelette made your way, I'm not even sure how long I waited for mine but I was over it by the time I got my omelette. The guy making it was very nice though and spoke many different languages, very cool!
4	I usually don't like going to buffet's anymore cuz I overindulge and end up feeling horrible about myself but this one actually felt pretty good afterwards. The buffet offered selections from hand tossed salads, various types of breads and cheeses, fresh seafood, and different types of meat cooked in every way possible. It's really hard to describe the whole dining experience in detail because of the overwhelming choices at this buffet but one thing I can say is that Aria did not spare on the quality of ingredients.Highlights of the Meal:Diner- Mac and Cheese with Truffles and the Grilled Cheese with Tomato BisqueSeafood- Alaskan King Crab LegsPoultry: BBQ Braised Pork Dessert: Lemon Bar and the Gelato!Quite pricey compared to usual buffets at $45 per person for dinner but the two complementary meals for hotel guests make the bill a bit more reasonable. Also, if you're planning to come here for dinner I suggest you wait until around 6pm so that the leftovers from the lunch menu are already replaced by freshly cooked ones. My family and I went around 4:30pm so the sushi and seafood looked like they were out for a while. Besides that, the food was delicious and the service excellent, so I give the restaurant 4 stars for giving us a great family dining experience.
4	Good buffet lunch but what's up with the Korean music? The cheesecake is to die for but skip the CAKE pops aka as CHOCOLATE WHIPPED CREAM pops!
3	If you are looking for the high class experience of the Ritz buffet in Grand Cayman this is NOT it. However, it was a lot better than I expected with a huge variety of cuisines that would surely fulfill any desire. (at least on the weekend)One strange fact I noticed was seeing breakfast items a bit scattered without reason. Why were there waffles and syrup next to the clam dish. Or the same comment for the pancakes near the carving station. I do not think it changed the quality of the food but it did leave me with odd feeling looking around trying to make sense of the offerings.
2	Went at around 3 PM and stayed until 4:30 to get both brunch and dinner food.  The food was not very good.  Alot of it "looked" good, but when i tasted it, I was always dispointed.  Honestly, the best thing was the mac and cheese.  The sushi was terrible.  The pizza was OK.  The cook to order pasta was pretty good.  The fish and chips were pretty good.  A cheese station was pretty good.  The eggplant rotini thing was not good.  The desserts were terrible even though they looked amazing.  The "Indian" food was not good at all.    The salmon was terrible - it tasted like they cooked it in a s hitton of butter but it still had no flavor except for the butter.  Go to Bellagio.
4	I am surprised that this buffet is not rated better because I really liked it. The seafood was outstanding: shrimp and mussels so fresh you can't stop eating. The crab legs were less impressive, but good enough for a buffet. The bottomless drinks were also pretty fantastic - I've had sangria and a mimosa, my husband had a bloody mary and a beer - and both food and drinks were relatively inexpensive. Last but not least: the dessert selection was fabulous. I still relive the caramel flan...The biggest problem with this buffet was that it took some time to get in: long line at the door even though it appeared half empty inside.Other than that, highly recommend: it's worth your time and money.
3	This buffet used to be way better. It had its own identity, with good food. Now it is a sad imitation of the Bachcanal buffet at Ceasars. They have a few different meats at the carving station. They are serving things in their own little cooking containers. Just like the Bacchanal. They even use the same tyoe of music. Yet the food quality and service isn't as good as the Bacchanal.My wife had a bagel that was hard. Our waitress went on break so our table stopped being served. When I went to get ice cream the server gave it to me. Then remembered he was supposed to be wearing rubber gloves. It didn't replace my ice cream that he used his fingers to help serve, he just went on to the next person. The price is not impressive either. We paid $32 each today for brunch. Yesterday we paid the same at the Bacchanal for lunch. My recommendation,  if you don't feel like walking or waiting this buffet is fine. If you don't mind waiting or walking then go to Ceasars.
2	You know the buffet is doing an awful job when it's customers leave hungry.I went to the omelette station and ordered a vegetable omelette with fresh eggs. I noticed Leopold put egg beaters in there, so I told him that I wanted fresh eggs. He gave me the stink eye and said "it's the same". I said I didn't want egg beaters, so he dumped it out and put some vegetables in the pan again, but this time he didn't let it cook, resulting in a very runny omelette. Also the eggs were undercooked, salmonella anyone?I think we had a server, but it could have been the abominable snowman cause I never saw them. We didn't have spoons to stir our coffee with, so made do with the handles of our knives.I was really not impressed with the selection of food, the ones that I did try were disgusting. I thought, I'll just have a bagel. It was a brick!My wife and I had only taken a few bites and decided to leave and go somewhere else to eat.The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because I complained to the manager on the way out and she was genuinely concerned about the experience and refunded our money.
1	Yelp deleted my last review that kept it simple "Yuck!"    So here's the deal, we came here last summer about an hour and 15 minutes before switching from brunch to dinner.  The station for omelette's was closed, the rest of the options were old and bland.  I almost asked for a refund because the food items were not appealing and I couldn't eat it if you paid me to, but I thought I'd get my money's worth with dessert... To no ones surprise, dessert was just as bad as brunch, if not worse.  The service was also way below par for a resort such as the Aria.  Seeing most of the other reviews in here, I doubt I just went in on an "off day" . Quality dining establishments do not have off days.  This place needs to be on the show restaurant impossible, it lacks in every department.
4	improved from it's previous version. The asian section was not up to par.
2	I wouldn't recommend this buffet. The customer service is terrible. It's tough to eat at a buffet without a single water refill. Also, I got a pretty serious case of food poisoning soon after. I'm quite certain that the shellfish was the culprit.On the positive side, the selection was very good.Not a great experience overall.
5	Very good quality one of the best new renovations payed off
4	First Impression: Great decor, bright seating, many food selectionsWhat impressed me:Crab legs were sliced lengthways to allow easy consumptionOmelettes were made fresh to orderJean Philippe cakes were displayed on top of dessert shelfServings portioned out to allow tastingI enjoyed this buffet for brunch. I would even go as far to say that I prefer this over Wicked Spoon. The food here was fresh and tasty.
2	At first glance, I thought the overall appearance of this buffet was very unappealing. There was very little in the way of food presentation and the large block lettering above the different stations labeling the type of food to be found there was very cafeteria like. Still, it did make everything easy to find. I did like the fact that they had a lot of ethnic offerings even though most were pretty bland. The food tasted like it had been sitting out for a while but that is to be expected at a buffet (can you tell I'm not a fan?). The service was decent but again my expectations were low. One thing I found extremely odd was that they didn't have fresh utensils available along with the clean plates.I probably would not come here again based on the food but I gave them an extra star since the price if you have a players card is very reasonable. They also offer a $12.99 add on for unlimited alcoholic beverages. That's a great value though we did not partake on this visit.
3	Since this is new to me, I decide to try it for dinner.  I got here around 6 PM on Saturday night and there was a short line.  The price is similar to some others at $40 per person.  The dining area is huge but the food stations are not as big as I expected for a buffet place.The Food - there are some hits and misses here.  Hit - Prime Rib, King Crab legs, salmon shooter, manhattan soup, and civeche.Miss- the whole Asian station.  I pretty much tried everything and not like a single one.So, I have tried various buffets and this rank right above MGM.  By far, Bellagio is the best for me follows by Wynn.
2	This was our first buffet in Vegas. The decor is modern, beautiful, and sleek just like everything at Aria. Food was ok though. We paid  about $35 per person before tip. The food was disappointing. Had the crab claws- was ok - I felt that they sat there for awhile and it wasn't refilled enough. Had the shrimp cocktail - two big shrimps in a small shot glass- pretty presentation and good since the size of shrimp was big. Everything else was cold. We went on to dessert and was not impressed. I had the flan and it was ok. Our waitress was just ok- we had to wait awhile to get drinks. Btw, you pay at first and then get seated. The cashier asked if we wanted unlimited alcohol for $12.99 and based on what I saw I declined. When we we were seated, they had more details about the drinks unbeknownst to me so I wanted to order that. The waitress said because I didn't order at beginning, it would cost an extra $1- what's up with that? Not like the buffet was cheap. By the time she came around, I was full and didn't want to order any drinks. Would not go back again. Go to Ceasar's buffet, more expensive but totally worth it!
2	We couldn't go to Vegas and not experience a buffet, but I did not want to waste one of the "real" meals experimenting, so we went for breakfast right when they opened at 7:00 in the morning.  Although the place is very clean and there are a lot of stations, it just did not impress me.  Things are not really labeled well (off the actual spot or not labeled at all) and some of the offerings are less than spectacular (dry white rice with crappy soy - not Kikkoman, lackluster breakfast pastries).  Our server was super nice and entertained my need for many beverages, but I just didn't feel like this lived-up to the $19 price tag for me.  There were some Mexican and Mediterranean offerings that also seemed really odd for 7 in the morning (curried cauliflower? full chips and salsa bar?)  I ended up just eating a bunch of the Asian stuff (shrimp dumplings, potstickrets, fried rice, noodles, rice)  and calling it a day.  I really had hoped they would have had miso soup on that table or more than like 3 dry cereals .  Where is the shrimp and grits or biscuits and gravy??  Why don't you put a juice bar out and get rid of all the salad - this was not brunch time or a weekend, but they acted like it was.Skip this and head for a real breakfast or spring for the Bacchanal at Bellagio.
1	This buffet was really poor quality.  If we didn't have a credit there, I would not have eaten here.  Nothing seemed fresh and it was all flavorless.  The desserts looked pretty, but all tasted like cardboard.  There MUST be better buffets in Vegas, don't bother with this one.
1	If you want mediocre this is the buffet for you. We would not eat here again, the prime buffet (and were not big on buffets) would be Cesar Palace - this is the gold standard buffets for us at the time of writing this review. Aria had a nice atmosphere - good music, bright lights, a few choices, decent wait staff, but the food leaves much to be desired. A few options I tried were: prime rib, chicken, crab legs, fish and chips, caprese salad and many others. On the desert side I tried the butter scotch mini dessert, ice cream, pane cotta and few others. Maybe it was bad (in my opinion) because we ate late 9:30ish but even there the dinning room was packed and the food was mediocre at best. I ordered regular tea and my Wife had the rasberry tea which she said was good.  One interesting thing was the alcohol special advertised - $12.99 for endless selection of wine, beer etc not a bad deal in vegas. We will not be back.
4	We aren't fond of buffets in general but we came here because it was part of a hotel deal during our stay at the Vdara.  Once in a while, especially when you're traveling with kids, it is quite fun to go to a buffet, and we trusted that since the Aria is pretty new and with a good reputation, we thought we'd give it a try.  In general, once you get off your high horse, you'll find that the food here is pretty good!  I am changing my lifestyle, so I stuck mainly to fish and vegetables.  I enjoyed the fish, bok choy/mushrooms at the Chinese station and the veggie antipasti at the Italian station the most, and how can you go wrong with fresh fruit?  Atmosphere and decor were bright, spacious, and airy, and most of the staff were friendly and polite.  If I get another buffet coupon I'd definitely return.
1	The food was very disappointed..$39.99 for buffet, you would of thought the food would be great.  I was extremely disappointed with the food...very thing seems to be all dried up and over cook.
2	We had been really impressed with the opulence of the Aria and decided to try their buffet on account of the gluten-free pizza (I am gluten-free by force, not choice. I would never give up pizza on my own.) The line was long (a good sign, right!) and the tables were full, so we paid and waited. While waiting, we realized that despite the fact we had NOT ordered their endless drinks, they had added a gratuity to our bill. There were only two of us, and all we wanted was sodas (which we thought would be self-serve.)No, they have servers to bring you drinks. Why? It's a buffet. Seriously, I can carry my own drink over to my table. I understand if you had ordered alcohol, but they should have a section for people that order the drink-add on option. This appears to be an excuse to add gratuity to every bill despite making it appear like something you can choose to do.The food was okay -- I particularly liked the steamed crab legs, but the pizza was sort of ... zinc-y. I don't know how to describe that better -- it had a weird metal taste. all in all, the Monte Carlo was a better choice for us. The asian dishes at the Monte Carlo were better too.
3	came here with my parents. my dad loves oysters and the king crab and kept raving about it.they have a decent selection of food. your typical meats, veggies, and ethnic dishes. i saw that they had prepared a bowl or rice with a piece of kimchi and galbi. haha i thought it was funny since koreans typically dont eat it like that. the king crab was ok for a buffet. there were a lot of small prepared dishes you could take instead of a spoon and take as much as you want. i like that better since dirty grubby hands arent all over the spoons. there was even a tandoori oven. i was impressed but didnt feel like eating indian. their desserts section was pretty nice. ice cream, gelato, and a less than happy desserts station guy to give me a small scoop of cookies and cream.my parents pointed out that a lot of the employees seem to be "hiding" or not really manning their stations. i dont know if its due to the "shelf" or "wall" that pretty much separates you from them. i have to look through holes to see them or get their attention. but i did notice a lot of them on their phones. hey, candy crush is addicting...the most impressive part of the buffet i found to be were the sliced cured meats. i forgot the names but one was similar to prosciutto, another was more fatty marbleized, salami, and some kind of bologna. i didnt care for the bologna but i ate a whole mess of the other slices.i dont understand why people goto expensive buffets to eat pizza, pasta, and drink a whole mess of soda... at that point seems like you should just goto an $8.99 buffet (which gold coast has an excellent buffet for the price).other than the king crab and cured meats, i wouldnt come back here to eat at the price even with my parents senior citizen discount. i also clenched my butt cheeks as i pulled out into las vegas blvd making sure i dont see any range rovers and maseratis. i hate driving down to the strip...
4	We were in Vegas last weekend for our anniversary and ate at the Buffet twice for dinner. Our first night in Vegas had gone to the Bellagio buffet which has totally gone to the dogs. Aria had a great selection and variety. Seafood alone was great. Lamb ribs and leg of lamb! Yummy! Beef ribs, I was in heavenThey could do more in the dessert section. And the mediterranean section is lame. The Tabouli is all wrong. Tabouli should be primarly parsley, not bulgur. And they should add some Kababs etc. One thing i noticed is that they no longer offer the 1/2 lobster tail on Fridays, which was a pretty nice offering.
3	I was at the Aria buffet in its first incarnation and I liked it a lot.  I was surprised when some trashed it so much, so I was glad when MGM Resorts announced they were closing the buffet and re-doing it.  Yesterday I had the chance to try it since the redo.It's basically the same place with a few modest changes and perhaps the addition of a few stations.  First the good--the prime rib was cooked nicely with it being a nice red rare.  The vegetable korma in the Tandoori section was quite good.  The chicken tikka masala was OK, but it needed more spice.  The seafood gumbo was quite nice.  I wish I had noticed the basmati rice in the tandoori section first.  I would have put some rice in the bowl and then added the gumbo.  The cheese bar was very nice with some dried fruit with the cheese.  The desserts were outstanding!!A few lesser dishes.  The bao sandwich was not good at all.  The lovely steamed roll had dried hard from sitting warming for however long it was there.  The pork in the bun was kind of bland making this a fail choice.  There were some different bread selections but not a wide range to choose from.  The chicken satay was merely OK.  The peanut sauce was way too runny and didn't have a lot of flavor.  When you're paying $36.74 for dinner buffet, the shrimp should be PEELED.  I didn't have any because this is an onerous task for me.Now the desserts.  While there was nothing exotic or earth shaking, they had some very nice small desserts.  I'm a sucker for meringue cookies and they had a fruit flavored one.  It was delightful!  I also had two of their mini whoopie cookies--one a snowball (chocolate cake with coconut) and one made from red velvet.  The cream filling was very good.  The gelato selection is good and I had the Oreo gelato.  Nice and creamy.This isn't a buffet to which I'd likely return.  For the price, there are better buffets on the Strip with some very good selections.  Also for the price, I think I'd pay a little more and eat at one of Aria's fine selection of restaurants!
3	We had $100 room credit, so we decided to use it on The Buffet at Aria.  We ate here for dinner on a Tuesday evening around 6:30pm.  We were seated fast & the service was great.  We always had our drinks refilled, and that was awesome.  The selections aren't as wide as other buffets, but this place is about quality or quantity.What I tried:Fish & chips in a small fry basketGrilled cod w/a lemon cream sauceMacaroni & cheeseDim Sum trio in a steam basketGreen BeansSeafood GumboNaanShort rib w/rice and kimcheeCevicheThere were also TONS of other things (clams, gazpacho, Mexican food, Meat cut to order, Indian, Mediterranean, and more); unfortunately, I stuffed my face with mostly crab, cod and green beans.The desserts are also awesome!  They have carrot cake, red velvet whoopie pies, 5 layer chocolate cake, cake pops, cheesecake, pecan cake, strawberry cakes, gelato, macaroons, cookies, and more!Also, for $12.99 you can have bottomless mimosa, red & white sangria, and other alcoholic drinks.
4	Creme brulee at 11am. Yes.I was really pleased with the Aria Buffet as a whole. On a Sunday morning, the line wasn't ridiculous and we were seated within 10 minutes of walking up. The presentation for the chicken and waffles was beautiful. There was a little fry basket lined with paper and it had mini waffles and chicken tenders/nuggets inside. Perfectly portioned and cute to boot. Did I mention the dessert station?Minus a star for some food looking like it needed to be stirred. Also the person who is responsible for writing the food names on the signs needs an English class desperately.  Maybe it was purposeful, but I don't think so.
4	I came for lunch to meet someone from my online dog group that's visiting. I've never seen a buffet that has had such a mixed bag of reviews so I didn't know what to expect. It was convenient and right there at her hotel though. I rarely buffet and went to Bacchanal a few days before this, but found it was good for $22.Best things was the snow crab was quality and just as good as the Bacchanal was. The carving station had a roast pork and a beef brisket that were tender and flavorful.  A few of the dumplings from the Asian section was pretty good. I've never seen Indian station at a buffet before, but this had a decent chicken curry. Nice charcuterie selection, the ceviche and my white anchovy/boquerones salad was good. There were a few misses, but minor like the pork belly steam bun was really dried out, I didn't like the satay chicken stick and one of my sushi pieces had crunchy rice.  Dessert wise, the buttscotch budino was really good. I had a few cookies and brownies and whoopie pies that were good as well, but that was the standout item. Service was alright. Our drinks were refilled for the most part in good time. We weren't in a hurry and were distracted talking anyways. It's not the largest buffet and gets overshadowed by Cosmo's Wicket Spoon next door, but I thought it was pretty solid. Nothing was really bad, which I can't even say for my experience at WS so if you're staying here at the Aria, I don't think it's a bad idea to try it out.
5	I waited to write my review until I had gone at least twice to this buffet. I have to say that this is my favorite buffet on the strip! Every time I go the food is delicious, the dining room is clean and the staff is very friendly. I have never gotten any under or over cooked food here and there is a good variety- if you have a large group of people there is something there for everyone, guaranteed! I also love their dessert section. I am allergic to chocolate and have a hard time finding desserts that I can enjoy, but there were plenty here! Go for the panacotta, it's to die for!
4	I would have thought that this buffet would get a higher rating. I really liked this place, so much that I have eaten here a few times and all those times, never disappoint. I just wish they would have bigger crab legs, i know that their crab legs are split for easier consumption but damn, their is barely any meat on them.
4	I'd say this place is almost as good as the highly rated Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's. I've eaten at most of the buffets on the Strip and think this is one of the better ones in terms of food quality and restaurant ambiance (for a Vegas buffet). I went there about 30 minutes before their weekend brunch was over so there were no lineups to contend with and I could also sample some of their dinner items when they switched over. The food selection was not as extensive as the aforementioned buffet. However, what was there I would say was fairly high quality and authentic.  Even though it was during the switchover period, most of the food were still fresh-tasting.  Only a small handful seems like they were sitting for some time. Some memorable items included the French toast with a creamy berry filling, prime rib cooked just right, nice sized tiger shrimp, moist baked salmon,  Chicago style pizza, grilled swordfish, and their yummy desserts.  I'll be placing this on my buffets to revisit list :-)
2	quick note.. i'm not really into buffets.. i prefer quality over quantity.. and this buffet just wasn't very good.. although it wasn't very busy.. it took at least 15 minutes to get seated.. there was a decent selection of food.. nothing really stood out... nothing was truly awful..
5	Went here for breakfast during a conference in Vegas, instead of doing the crappy conference egg sandwiches. I was really surprised how much variety they had and how good it was. Something for everyone and it all seemed relatively fresh and hot. A bit pricey at $20pp, but I would go back again.
4	First of all, this buffet has been revamped as of early 2013, so don't let the ratings fool you. They've added two new stations: Fish Market and Latin to bring a total of 11 stations. Of course, it's always a wiser choice to eat buffets during lunch on a weekday, and it's even better when your mom has free passes because she likes to gamble. But if I had to pay that day, it would have been $22.99 for a Friday lunch buffet. I really didn't think this buffet was that far off from Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace. I paid over $50, albeit dinner, for Bacchanal a few months ago, and I left just as satisfied.Their Asian section is not as good as Bacchanal's, but they do have a few dim sum goodies. I was surprised that their chicken & waffles were really good. Waffles were moist and the chicken was tender and juicy. Another surprise I found were dried mangoes in their cheese section. I've never seen dried mango at a buffet before, and you can bet I snagged a few in my purse for the road. Dried mangoes - my weakness. They also had really fresh smoked salmon, which I made a lox bagel with their assortment of cream cheese. Dessert was amazing, although I am biased because I have a sweet tooth. I pretty much love all pastries. On average, I spend close to half my time at the dessert bar, unless it's just terrible. The dessert bar here is comparable to Bacchanal's. They had a large assortment of pastries from chocolate and almond croissants, to blueberry crumble muffins. Their coconut macaroons were so moist and decadent. The only disappointing thing would be their ice cream. They have a good variety, but it just didn't taste very creamy. It was a bit puffy, like a little too airy or something. Overall, I really liked this buffet and would recommend this over Bacchanal; it's just a better deal.
3	The entrance to the The Buffet at Aria sets the tone with clean space and minimal decor. Upon entering, patrons realize it's not just any buffet they are entering, but THE Buffet. Like a moth to the light, I was immediately drawn to the immecable presentation of the restaurant, the use of an unexpected yet friendly hue of orange, and the whole flow and functionality of the buffet line concept. Stations were distinctly set apart to separate genres of food, such as Indian, American, Asian, etc. The newness of the buffet is comforting. Unfortunately, I got the overall impression that the food did not quite compare to the decor and vibe of the restaurant. Not that there was anything faulty with the food, but it simply did not leave a lasting impression as one would expect from The Buffet at Aria. I liked the customer service and friendliness provided at the salad bar, where the server individually prepared my salad order with a kind and genuine smile. In terms of food, I quite enjoyed the raspberry sorbet and the chamomile tea, things I can easily get my hands on outside of an overpriced buffet environment. I can't say that this tarnishes my experience of buffets in Vegas, but it does make me wonder what the hype is all about. I'd rather dish the same amount of money, if not more, at a high-end restaurant where I'm paying for higher quality food and a more personal and enjoyable atmosphere. Just my two cents.
3	Let me just say now that I did not try a wide variety of dishes.  I had a lot of the King Crab legs with lemon and what was supposed to be 'clarified buttah'.  That was good.  Tried the mussels and clams - did not keep well on the buffet line. These mollusks are best served freshly cooked.  But had a good cut of the prime rib with creamed horseradish and au jus, and a lil bit of mashed potatoes.  That was good.  Also had chicken liver that I ate on a bun, added hard boiled eggs and thinly sliced red onions. For dessert had some gelato, cookie, brownie, butterscotch on a shot glass  - sorry  I am sooo full right now I don't want to get up to check on the name.  Food coma.The service was great both on the buffet line and our table. We appreciated the attentiveness. Hope they keep it up.
3	The offerings at this buffet did not ease the sting of paying $45.99 for dinner. There was a decent selection, however the quality was very mediocre. At one point I thought I was lost and somehow ended up at one of the Station Casino buffets. Good things: Lots of crab legs- served hot & cold. They also had mussels, clams, and shrimp as well. The types of food they offered were: Diner- American far, Salad, Seafood, Mediterranean, Italian, Asian,  a carving station and dessert. Honestly not one dish stood out. The prime rib was dry and tough, the beef rib was pretty much pure fat, the asian food was just sad. I would probably eat here again maybe for lunch when the price isn't as steep. But for dinner I would rather go next door to Wicked Spoon or drive down the street to Bacchanal.
4	This Buffett was surprisingly very delicious! Bottomless mimosas for Memorial Day started things off on a high note. It is very upscale and has quite a variety for being a Buffett. I had crab legs, which were steamed, seasoned well and already open for you. I also had smoked salmon, garlic chicken and some potatoes. They had breakfast items, Chinese food, all kinds of meat and more. The decor is very nice & upscale, I would go back!
1	Anybody that is given Aria 5 star has not eaten at a real Las Vegas buffet.  The selection is not very good, The food is sub par, service not Las Vegas quality for the prices charged.  The atmosphere is like a high school cafeteria.  Even the desserts were disappointing.  If your going to splurge on a buffet on a buffet go to Wynn or Bellagio.
3	So. Much. Food.  Tasty, but I was a little disappointed in the seafood selections.  The crab legs had very minimal crab meat.  At $36/person I expected better.
5	legit
3	Less money but also less quality. We went to the Bacchanal buffet before this and this one did not match up. It is really a case of you get what you pay for! A positive experience overall, but not the best out there.
4	Food was good. The service was ok. I made a request to move to better seating area about 1/4th the way in and my request was granted.  However after I moved, I was ignored until I was halfway through desert (right before I left).  In general, I kind of like it this way.  I always hate having servers constantly asking you questions over and over when your mouth is full of food and you are trying to eat in peace. However they broke my #1 rule of rules.  One rule to rule them all! Keep my cup full.  Since we are not permitted to fill our own cups like we are at some buffets, this left me rather thirsty for most of the meal, which sucks.To be fair though, the server did recognize the issue after 30 minutes or so and apologized profusely for forgetting me. It was probably my fault anyways, messing up her groove by requesting a move to another table.BTW, buffet decor, great! I love the modern, artsy feel to the place.  Plenty of good food and presentation was good. Didn't see any stations go near empty.I gave it a 4/5. It was an honest mistake in my opinion and other than that blunder, I was satisfied.PS: this isn't a 5 diamond establishment. Some reviewers want to pretend and rate it like it is. :-/.
1	Don't waste your time. No markings of the food you maybe eating and what food you eat was soso.
4	The redesigned Aria buffet is good, but not the best buffet on the strip.There's not much to say about it. It's clean, open and has a lot of food options. The dessert is notable, although I would steer clear of the gimmicky spinning gelato machine that looks like it's out of Wheel of Fortune. The gelato is subpar and is no where near the quality of the Gelato outside at John Phillipe's or Bacchanal.That being said, I like the layout and the way the carvery and seafood stations are setup.Don't miss out on the delicious King Crab Legs. Have the guy behind the counter steam them warm for you - it makes them less salty, especially compared to the really salty Snow Crab legs they serve.
3	I write this review as a person that generally hates buffet dining. I find the food at buffets to be generally luke warm and dry from sitting under heat lamps all day, and the hygiene has always made me cautious. But my partner brought me to this buffet saying "trust me, you'll like it".Well, the tomato bisque and the BBQ brisket were standout items for me, and I don't think I could have gotten much better at an a la carte restaurant. Most of the food was in general very good, and felt fresh and the right temperature by the time it reached my table. For a buffet, the variety and quality was better than I expected, and I would recommend Aria to my friends who enjoy buffet dining.
3	It's comparable to the Monte Carlo Buffet I would say in offerings and taste.. Price was $39.99 per person. I would have been happier paying $35 per person for the quality received.
3	I guess this is an upgrade from Old Country Buffet, but to me it wasn't that much better. I heard buffets in Vegas was the BEST so I was super excited to try it out especially since I'm a person that likes "unlimited eatings", but the food was just alright. The atmosphere is absolutely pleasing to looking at, but at the end the food was still just alright. Nothing stands out from service, but then again nothing went wrong either. I guess what I'm just trying to say is that I expected a lot more coming from a restaurant in a 5 star hotel.
3	What to say?  Mid-priced buffet in a nice environment.  ~$34 per person for a Thursday night buffet.  Tables and buffet area were clean and neat.  Pleasant, refined-feeling atmosphere - which was a real plus.  Layout of buffet is pretty well organized, with a semi-circular layout around another center station.  Waitress was attentive to remove empty plates and even kept our water and ice tea full (There is no drink self-service).  I liked the food.  There was a good variety, and it didn't seem to be a bunch of low-rent/cheap items.  The items were fresh, and the carver station meats were moist.  Good selection of dessert items, which a Vegas buffet is always expected to have.  Really what more can you say about a buffet?  Not a bad choice, appropriate for the price level, and you'll get what you paid for.
1	I am posting my review I wrote to the establishment.I am not one to moan and complain about something but being in the industry I feel I need to give feedback about my buffet experience since Aria takes so much pride in it.Granite the buffet was free, this was a horrible experience.  I am not complaining because I want anything free or I am trying to down your casino/buffet.  You have a wonderful casino, from gambling options to hotel, to awesome guest relations but your buffet needs improvement, a lot!When I came into Vegas all I have been seeing on advertisement is how good your buffet is.  I don't have a really high standard for buffets but when I visited Wicked Spoon last year at the Cosmo, the bar went through the roof.  I never try to compare buffets but when one hits the fan such as your I want to notify your establishment.  I always wanted to check out Aria's buffet because how you acclaim that it is amazing, so I decided to give it a try.To start me off, how you list your food options on the chalkboard is definitely creative but hard to digest.  Digest being the board sometimes is in the middle of the option food bar and trying to distinguish which item is which becomes a little tough especially when there is a line of people behind you and you don't want to hold them up.The choices were not neaten and seemed a little trashy like a Home Buffet.  The food at best was par and the lady cutting the prime rib told me my piece of meat was med/rare when clearly it was medwell+.  I wasn't going to argue with her because there was a line behind me and I am easy going but that is the first time I didn't finish a piece of A1-Prime rib.  It was dry and not appealing.Your Asian selection was definitely below par.  Half the food didn't taste fresh and the steam pork bun was super dry.The only plus side was your seafood selection.  I mean it is hard to mess up cold seafood but it was the only and the best part of dinner.The worst part of about the experience was the server Victoria.  She seems like a nice lady but if she was doing full service she would crash.  I don't know if she was overwhelmed or was behind but it is not that hard to grab a spoon or listen to a specific drink request which she both botched. My guest and I asked her for a spoon two separate times and she did not return with one.  She didn't get the drink request right and she barely came by to clear done items off the table.  I still left her a good tip because it was a free buffet but that left a sour taste in my mouth.  I served before and it is almost an insult that she fails at a buffet which is the easiest serving job in a world.If someone was to ask me to recommend a buffet to them in Las Vegas I would not say yours until it improves.dp
3	Definitely not my favorite or go to buffet but we always get free dining credit everytime we stay at Aria, so can't complain there! the decor and buffet itself is great, it's so bright and clean and really comfortable. however, the food selection is sparse, and the quality of the food is just so-so. i normally love the seafood bar, but i feel like the shellfish they have is just not fresh. their dim sum corner is pretty emo. their presentation is super cute, but even that is not enough to make up for how thick their dumpling skins are. everything else is just mediocre, nothing really stands out to me. oh! but they have a huge selection of gelatos and sorbets which is always a plus in my book! i'd keep coming back as long as i have that dining credit.
4	This buffet has been vastly improved over its predecessor. The food selection is much more expansive, the pricing - fairly reasonable, and the layout, no longer a cluster#4k (although some sections still have retarded elevation changes). I recently tried the weekend brunch buffet for about $30 per person. They've decoupled the price of food and alcohol to make the buffet seem more economically priced compared to other high end buffets like Bacchanal over at Caesars. I'd still say that Caesar's buffet is still the better of the two, but Aria's at least will not leave you disappointed. There's some standout food items like the dim sum tray and the indian food selection. One sore spot for the buffet would be the lack of fruit choices for brunch- watermelon, cantaloupe, and honeydew shouldn't be the only fruit choices at a high end buffet. If you have an Mlife players club card (Pearl and above) you can utilize the buffet line pass. Overall, a nice option, if you are trapped within City Center.
3	Have to have a buffet in Vegas. Came here on Sunday. 1st surprise, weekend brunch is $38/person, pricy. 2nd surprise, long wait in line. The place seemed understaffed. There were planty of empty tables but not enough personnel to seat you. 3rd surprise, food was ok, but not good enough for the cost. The crab legs were half frozen. Not sure if i had crab legs or crab leg ice. In conclusion, will not come back again.
2	Points for variety-- but nothing was done very well.. Not the place to go for sushi-- although the seafood was pretty good, fresh. Much better seafood restaurant options available in the Aria complex. It was satisfying food, but disappointing because I heard so much hype about Las Vegas buffets this was nothing special.
4	better than average, but I've had better.
4	While in Vegas, the boyfriend and I went to this buffet on one of our mornings while in town. This buffet is pricey at about $35 a person, but it is worth it! They also have unlimited mimosas for about $10. Wait is usually about 30 minutes to get a table.Food wise, they have everything from omelettes, to french toast, to fruit, to seafood, to pancakes and much more. Food was really good and I got full petty fast. Service was pretty good and they kept our drinks full and they always took our plates away right away.I would probably be back here in the future when we are back in Vegas!Cheers.
3	After months of Facebook propaganda from Aria, we finally came here (of course with 2 comp buffets and thanks to the players card, front of the line pass). I was very excited to try the SEAFOOD they were promoting so much...only to be disappointed. There wasn't much there except some baked salmon, clam chowder and a sad looking ceviche. The meat carving station was pretty good but the placement is awful - people that were just trying to get some pancakes and other breakfast items were constantly crossing paths with us. The dim sum/Asian area was not good. Cute concept (that every other buffet is doing these days) but the food was dry and overcooked. The ice cream/gelato spinning freezer was a nice touch and the desserts were overall better than average.Come here if you're on a budget because it's one of the cheaper "nice" buffets on the strip. But don't expect quality like Wynn, Bellagio or Caesars.
4	I think folks have been a little too harsh on this buffet. After reading all the reviews, I didn't feel like going, but we had a free pass, so what the heck! We did lunch on Monday, so $23.00 per person and almost no wait. It looks like they renovated, because the place looked fresh. I also liked that there were large windows there and a lot of sunlight coming in. Now, the view that opened was directly showing the pool area, and at certain places, those who dine could see those who soak in the jacuzzi pretty close! Not sure this is the best combination, but whatever.Our server was on top of things. It looked like she had a lot to do, but we got all the drinks we wanted and she kept an eye on our table at all times. It might not seem like it, but these folks work hard, so we made sure to leave a good tip. Now, to food. Some of the sections I didn't care for, but out of the eight different cuisines they offer I'm sure you will find something you like. My personal favorites were:- the European section with the cold cut meats and breads- the seafood section (clam chowder was exceptional!)- the steaks and grilled meats were quite good- the Mediterranean section with pitas and salads- the desserts had a great selection, but you never have room for those, anyways. I would probably not choose this buffet as a dinner option, but for lunch it was great!
4	My SO and I decided to go out rather than stay home and cook.  I would have to say, Aria is one of my favorite hotels, however I've only been to the buffet twice.  First time there was comped by my company :D. My second visit  was about $73 plus tip on Thurs around 5:00pm (2 ppl).  There was absolutely no line which was awesome! My review is based on what I inhaled or tasted.. lol...there is so much food it's overwhelming!  But what else can you expect at a buffet.  I'm a seafood fan, and they had a good variety of seafood, such as reg crab legs (hot or cold), king crab!!!!, large shrimp, mussels, scallop ceviche, shrimp cocktail (large shrimp too!), and clams.  (During my first visit they also had oysters and lobster.)  I spent most of my time around the crab legs.. With clarified butter..yum!  The shrimp cocktails were also good, the sauce is just right, and not over-powered by horseradish.I love Sushi!  However, the selection they had today was sub-par and not even tempting enough to taste.  Rolls I can remember: masago, California, vegetable...As for the meat selection they had.. pork shoulder, bbq beef brisket, rotisserie chicken,  prime rib.. (I couple of other items i cant remember). I tried the BBQ beef brisket and pork shoulder.  Out of both the BBQ brisket was delish, tender, and juicy!  Other memorable items, freshly made pita bread, cheese station, Asian food station which included chow mein, beef broccoli, Mexican, salad bar...and that about it.Love the dessert station, bananas foster had just the right amount of rum, they have a good selection of gelato, similar to M buffet.  The carrot cake was slightly dry, coconut cream cake was too sweet, and the cheesecake was just right (fora buffet cheesecake).  Overall, it's a good buffet, service was good, drink refills came in a timely fashion along with plate clean up, plus I can't complain over AYCE king crab legs... One can definitely get their money's worth on the king crab alone!
3	I came here with very high expectations since it is in fact, Aria. However, overall the experience was disappointing.The Good:- The look of the room is fantastic. Very modern and extremely clean.- The service, although slow at first, was great once it picked up. Clean plates were taken and drinks were always refilled (sometimes with a little extra umph in there :)- Very spacious, no trouble walking around in between stations.The Bad:- The selection of great food is minimal compared to other buffets- Only very few items actually  stick out, and out of those, only 1 or 2 are actually goodThere's really not much else to say about this buffet. I honestly wasn't overly impressed compared to other buffets.
5	I have no idea why anyone would give this any less than 4 stars!  Good food, good price, and a very nice atmosphere.
4	Free buffet for breakfast came with my room booking.  Sure beats the hell out of a Marriott continental breakfast in Anytown, USA.I am usually pretty skeptical about buffets, but wow do I love the higher end variants that appear to be rather sanitary.Since I am a hefty fellow, I do not take the task of adequately preparing for a buffet lightly.  You have to know what I am talking about when you fill up after eating only two, two and a half heaping plates.  It's very dissapoining.  Think about how much you are leaving on the table (look at me, droppin a pun).Meanwhile, think about a lighter dinner the night before, and even if you drink, resist the urge of a big 3AM meal.  I did just this, and woke up around 8AM and mentally prepared myself for a 10AM feast.  Meditation, some slots, USA today, perhaps some of you more fit folks might get an early morning workout in (me, not so much, that's just silly talk).  If you are famished by the time you check in with the cashier for the buffet line, congrats, you have properly prepared for your breakfast.The service was very good - friendly and attentive.  The food selection is quite overwhelming, with different ethnic stations surely adding to the experience.While I won't put the experience quite on par with the Wynn buffet, it will absolutly get the job done.  I dont need to list every station, but I think my plates consisted of various concoctions of eggs, belgian waffles, pizza, yogurt parfaits, donuts, Indian naan, latin style eggs and tortillas, gellato, asian dumplings, and all kinds of other fun stuff.  Lots of different seafood offerings as well.So overall, it's a great comped breakfast, but at thirty something dollars a person, I'd probably consider taking a walk to Denny's if I had to pay for it.  That said, if I was feeling lazy, I'm sure the thirty something dollars is relatively cheap compared to regularly priced restaruants at the hotels.So go on, grab that special someone, and treat them to the romantic meal of a lifetime.**bonus** I didn't see people taking pictures of their plates and the food stations in order to post them on various social media sites.  Which made me happy. Because, please reach out to me and let me know why in the name of {Insert chosen diety here} to people feel the need to do that?**Bonus 2** Just to show you how serious I am about my buffet eating:  Upon returning to my table I found my table cleared..I asked the waitress and she apologized and said, that I had finished a few plates and a couple of dessert plates so she thought i was done.  i said it was understandable and put my next round of two plates on the table to continue my meal.  I had such a smile inside, because even for a buffet waitress, who probably has witnessed gluttony like you can't possibly imagine, I somehow baffled her.  I guess it's a good time to tell you that Adam from Man vs. Food is my personal role model...
4	I ate here at 2pm and its now midnight and I'm still not hungry. For $32 you get all the snow crab legs you can eat w out getting sick, endless California rolls, amazing blueberry blintzes, diverse desserts, and much more. The only thing I wish this place had was chicken wings or fried chicken.
2	I was really keen of the previous version of the Aria... But the new buffet, even if it looks nicer, is way over priced and not as god as it used to be. The quality of the products have decreased a bit, like the croissant are not as good, the beef was dry and no taste, the cheese is dry, etc... Definitely, not a good review for the buffet I was really in love with! Too bad... I will not go there again and I strongly suggest that you choose another buffet (like the Wynn, the best on the strip from my point of view)
4	Giving this a 3 star rating, +1 because we won $1500 at the Aria.Buffets are to get stuffed. And this does it well. Price was decent if you go prior to 330pm.Personally I favored the seafood and the carvery. Tried the asian food, was probably worse than Panda-Express quality. Also if you don't intend on drinking more than 2 beverages from the bottomless well, just go ahead and pass on that. Not worth the extra 12 bucks in my opinion. NOTE: Took the monorail to get to the Aria. And it was quite the journey (not in a good way). The monorail says you have access to the Aria from the Bally's/Paris station... This is far from accessible. You have to walk all the way through Bally's casino floor to the front entrance where we were greeted with 120 degree heat and escalators that didn't work. Then up and across the street to the Bellagio, then all the way through the Bellagio casino floor to the opposite side to the tram that takes you to Crystals. Then through the Aria casino floor and finally to the Buffet. The walk was probably 4 times the time it took to take the monorail from LVH to Bally's.
2	We went here bc it was so highly rated on TripAdvisor.  Should've listened to you, YELP. So many buffets to choose from, and at a comparable price ($40) to Como's (Wicked Spoon) and Encore's -- this one pales in comparison. - The line to get in seems to always be really long, except at random hours that aren't usually when people eat- We went after reading all about the crab, but this is where we were most disappointed (and entire Yelp Star off) for the crab (snow, king):  they served it cut in half (length wise) which means you're getting little shards of meat, not those heavenly huge chunks you can get when you crack it yourself. They also serve it cold (read: it's completely frozen) and steamed (limp, soggy, gross)- Huge selection, so if your goal is to stuff your face you're all set and you'll be in heaven -- but if your goal is to taste really well-done versions of international foods-- then this is not your place - Sushi/sashimi are terrible
2	Went here since we got a free meal for booking the hotel.Kind of feel bad to talk bad about a free meal, but i just was not impressed with the food here.
1	I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food. IKEA tables.  So why review Aria's buffet?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  This was, by far, the worst buffet I've ever visited.  Every dish was overcooked.  The steak was impossible to cut.  Bland flavors.  They did have Indian food... which was ok, but man... I couldn't get out of here fast enough.  Even the desserts were crappy... which is usually pretty hard to mess up.  If you're staying at Aria and they offer you a free pass... skip it.Would I go back?  They couldn't pay me to eat here. Ok, they could... but still.
4	The buffet that all buffets are measured against is Bellagio's. And Aria's new buffet is better than Bellagio's.Here there is lighter fare, which is a positive or negative depending on your perspective. While Bellagio has great food, I feel like the Michelin man weighed down by ankle weights when I am finished there. At Aria, I was nice and full but I didn't feel disgusting afterward. And here the variety is better. It hit all the requisite stations, but it did so in different ways than at traditional buffets. Two downsides, though: The signage for the food was poor, leaving you to guess what some items were; and the price at 3:30pm was just about $50, including tax/tip. I recommend, but not for those having to pay for a family.
1	very less selection, with this price total disappointed
1	I felt ripped off, even though we had a voucher for $33 off per person from our hotel. It just wasn't very appealing. We came for dinner, and the crab legs everyone talks about just weren't enough to overcome the profound sense of meh that I experienced surveying the other options. The sushi was meh, the pizza was meh, the Indian food was meh, the gnocchi was meh... I could go on. But I won't. Because this buffet isn't even worth the time for an extended review.
3	Yummy ! Worth the money .  Asian food is a little sad but everything else is delicious !!!
2	I was really looking forward to eating here since most of the buffets in the newer hotels are pretty snazzy. Boy, was I wrong. The line moved pretty fast which is a definite plus for a buffet on the strip. Lunch price was $26 per person on a Tuesday. Eeks!My initial judgement was that this was not nearly as bog of a buffet line at other price comparable hotels. They have like 8 (I know that seems like a lot but it really isn't) stations. Although I really dug that crab legs were included in the regular buffet, everything else we got was mediocre, at best. We came around 1 pm which is pretty much prime time for lunch, but everything in the trays looked like it had been there for quite some time under those heat lamps, thus making everything look old and unappetizing. I made about 4 plates trying to get something I liked but ended up leaving 80% of each uneaten. Service was ok, (and we even tipped 20% in advance, something I regret) but the drink glasses were so tiny we definitely should have been checked on more than 2 times in an hour and a half. I tried to eat the worth in dessert but that was a failed attempt in every category except the gelato bar. I would probably never return here again, as I would rather shell out a couple more bucks for a better buffet at the hotels next door.
2	My husband and I came for an early dinner (after work). The buffet looks really nice and SEEMED clean. So lets go blow by blow:Price: kinda expensive ($74 for 2)Waitress/server: RUDE as all hell! Now, I suppose I wouldn't have been overly concerned with her jacked up attitude if she was that way with everyone but she absolutely wasn't. The white couple next to us got the pleasant voice and got checked on frequently...we were kind of left there like the red headed step-children. I am a firm believer of tipping ones wait staff (I usually drop 20% b/c I know these people work hard and that's how I show my gratitude) but she all the way killed it as soon as she opened her mouth. She had ample time while we were eating to redeem herself but she threw herself under the bus when she was only nice to one table and not the other. Food: literally half of what we ate was really good, the other half horrible. We made a point to try everything to get our $74 worth lol! The cheeses in the Italiano section were ok, the mozzarella kinda melted and that made it taste weird. The roast beef seemed extra bloody. There was an open faced pork bun that tasted like sea water it was so damn salty. Pesto, Mexican section, seafood soup, seafood jambalaya, sushi, salad, beef brisket, mashed potatoes, both gravy's, banana in some butter sweet syrup, Rice Krispie treats, and ice cream were on point. Everything else was over seasoned somehow including the king crab. Meringue cookies tasted gross along with the coconut macaroons and the flan was somehow bland tasting. Manager: the manager stopped by our table and asked how everything was for us, we took that opportunity to let him know we were displeased with our server. He apologized for the experience and told us he would take this feedback and use it as a training tool. He was a very nice guy and I appreciate that he was checking up on folks and checking out the food area. He seemed diligent about his work, I can respect that. Sure enough as soon as he leaves, our server gives us the friendly voice and asked how we were doing...yea be nice in our last 5 minutes lady, sounds like a great idea =P Cleanliness: my spoon was dirty...turn off in my book. The table was a bit sticky as well when we were seated. Overall: the hotel area and the casino are very beautiful and full of abstract art pieces. As for the buffet, we won't be coming back...or taking people here; just a bit expensive for the quality of the food. I just hope my pregnant ass doesn't get some kind of stomach bacteria from the mozzerella being out in room temp for a long period of time. The little seafood cups should have been on ice as well but they weren't.
3	If you go for a weekend brunch (weekday breakfast would be even better), the buffet is really reasonably priced.This buffet is interesting because it's organized as an "around-the-world" on the perimeter, with staples in the middle. Classic all-American, Greek, Indian, Chinese,  Italian...it goes on.The food quality was decent, but not amazing. The desserts were pretty, but not delicious. But nothing stood out as exemplary. The seafood was okay, the carver slightly above average. Slabs of bacon, if that sort of thing appeals to you. Personally, I'll stick with the Chinese dim sum mini-steamers and tikka masala.
2	Straight up this Buffet kinda sucks...sorry Aria, I gave you 5 stars as a hotel/casino but your Buffet  blows...Food was all kinda over cooked and crusty, sushi was gross, they have some kinda Indian tandoori station that was awful....the only saving grace was the desert section. Next time I will just hit the cafe or one of the other 7 restaurants in the place....or even just order room service.
4	Excellent!! Aria Buffet is one of the best in Vegas =) (Except the chinese section)
3	Slightly above avg for food quality.  They serve raw oysters which is what we were looking for. Overall Presentation is nice but it's no Wicked Spoon which is way better in this regard.  Service was slow even though it wasn't that crowded since we got there near close.  Not the Buffet's fault but Beware of rude fellow customers who can't wait their turns in line /to get food and instead grab the neighboring tongs and crowd you out.  Not cool people.
3	This place was pretty good.  It actually came at the recommendation of a server we had at Mandalay Bay buffet.Me and a friend of mine went here on a Saturday morning and had the brunch menu.  At first I thought this place was going to have limited selection.....boy was I wrong, once we were out of the line and finally made it in....It was on. As far as the breakfast went, they had everything I can think of just about with the exception of grits( I'm not complaining though). I went to the station where you can have your own omelet made, that was very good. I love the selection of breakfast meats, bacon, sausage, ham, etc. The waffles were actually THE BOMB!!!!.  I made it a point to try every station they had, which meant I had to pace myself, and not clear my plate :0(   I did enjoy the bay scallops service. The olive tapanade from the Mediterranean station was yummy.  The sushi was flavorful, I had various ones can't remember the specifics.  Steam buns, oh yes, I'm not a big dessert person, but I did try them, but as another reviewer stated, I was unimpressed with flavor although the presentation was pretty.I paid the extra $12 for drinks, and had the mimosas, peach Bellini's, they were aiight.  I was disappointed on the crab legs. I def. was not feeling themBut overall I did enjoy myself, there were a lot of good eats. The service was great, it was clean. I would return again
2	no one really expect prime dining when going to a buffet. and this one is certainly not. Still wonder why we made is there? Probably the fixed price $37 per person (not cheap but affordable in vegas) as we got burned by an mediocre restaurant the night before @ $120+ per person. It is basically a combination of savorless cafeteria food, calorie galore dish that satisfy no other intent than stuffing yourself as much as you can to make your $ worth it.But no it's not good. Service is below acceptable. And atmosphere is a mix of a jail cafeteria (of what In think a jail cafeteria is), a economy waiting lounge in a train station,  or a feeding troff for people with scooters
2	Didnt take long to figure out what was going on here. The Aria is so unapologetically expensive coupled with the fact that it is actually laid-out to make money that you come to the buffet just looking for a good deal.The reason you will pick the buffet for breakfast is bc there is no coffee makers in the rooms, no place to buy a coffee besides starbucks, and the line for starbucks EVERY MORNING is about 25-45 min. It literally wraps around the outside of the store. If you do get your coffee here its about 2 bucks more then any other starbucks. So you go looking for the buffet bc you are almost going to spend that much picking up some drinks and a few light snacks.The buffet will have a line but its a line for food, right? The staff is not cheerful, the waitress's were talking about personal business while deciding where to sit us. Thats never bothered me before but we stood there for awhile while they chatted. The server was SHOCKED that I would ask for coffee AND a coke?! The Aria bills there buffet as being special "a new kind of way to buffet" or something? because they have international stations. THIS IS NOT NEW ARIA.Some of the international offerings at breakfast are a huge station for dim sum, egg rolls, chinese food (same every morning) hummus, babaganoush, the cucumber sauce, flat bread - all average. Like the stuff you get at the olive bar at a grocery store, maybe even less flavorful. No one was really eating it.There is enough breakfast options to leave you really happy the first day. But by the second day you will be trying to find something new. So like me, maybe you will try the beautiful salad bar. 3 different types of lettuce mixes, 3 choices of dressings, and a man to spin it in a bowl for you... Until you get to the topping choices, garbanzo beans? canned beets? The only thing I could find to put on my salad was carrots! No fresh cut veggies, no nuts, only blue cheese. It was so weird. The shrimp was good but the cocktail sauce was not fresh. The one mussel I got to try had an enormous barnacle inside so I passed on that. I did eat a lot of bagels and lox but I know a small part of the population are into smoked salmon for breakfast because I happen to be a chef.Overall I used to be in charge of the buffet at a 4 star hotel in Texas and  our buffet was far better. Made to order omelets, some kind of roast with a sauce (they have roasted chicken with brown gravy that was dry), a bunch of different premade mixed salads with fresh veggies and marinades. But again, if you dont come to the breakfast buffet you will spend as much or more at the Aria Cafe/room service/ or the hellacious starbucks with the 25 min line and spiked prices. So enjoy the buffet!
4	One of my Go to buffets in Vegas! If you're a MLife member (Pearl and up? Or was it just any MLife level?) You get a special line, so don't wait in line for an hour! I love Aria buffet and after eating here at least a good dozen times, I can honestly recommend it to everybody. Unlike a lot of the buffets, here, it has a feeling of airiness. It's bright, inviting, and has a view of the Aria pools (which may or may not be good news).  When I'm getting down and stuffing my mouth, I don't want to feel claustrophobic or think the ceilings are about to cave in.Every time I go it's packed, which is a good sign because food is constantly being replaced and made. I love the crab legs and if I had my way, I would be there all day. The downside is that it's pricey for the amount of food available. Good thing MGM resorts always have those free buffet vouchers available! A good thing to remember is to check for promo codes online before you book at their properties. They let you eat at most of their buffets regardless of location. Aww yeah.
4	This afternoon at around 10:30am, we waited about 45 minutes for lunch.  The restaurant had a nice pleasant ambiance with warm earth tones like orange, beige and yellow.  There was a good selection of food ranging from seafood, Mexican to Asian.  The food was constantly replenished and the counters were clean.  The waiter  was attentive- dishes were cleared quickly;  and he checked on us frequently. Overall, the food was good based on buffet food standards.  - The popular  snow crab legs were meaty and slightly salted.  As with most buffet items, once you taste more than five pieces of the same item, the taste gets progressively worse.  - The best items were the fresh selection of sweet watermelon, cantaloupes, melons; and the delicious mini mint chocolate cupcakes- just perfect size and not too sweet-As with most buffet meats, the meat items (ham, sausage) were dry; however,  the BBQ chicken was quite tasty and only a tad dry.-The beef for the make-it-yourself tasty tacos was well seasoned.   I  really enjoyed their quality selection of organic teas like peppermint and  black teaWe didn't  try the Chinese dim sum or sushi as they didn't look too appetizing.
4	Picture a long, rectangular dining table, and at the end there is my mouth, opening and closing.. chomping away.  So maybe this illustration is too cartoon-esque?  But I truly feel like I'm a kid in a candy store! Unlimited, all you can eat, and the food is BOMB! Best of all, it's always FREE when I go! Thanks MGM casino hosts, you are loved!  Now, if I had to pay, I think it might be a bit overpriced.. but it's quite tasty, not even for a buffet, but quite tasty.. period!With my recent visit here, it was on like Donkey Kong.  Some items I had included: Southern fried chicken, prime rib, bbq pork, ribs, gazpacho, ceviche, thai beef salad, mac and cheese, steamed mussels, crab legs, garlic clams, dim sum, Indian style curry, cold cuts, salad, ice cream, and flan.The area where it could improve is the Asian section. Like most buffets, they throw in a Mongolian grill that serves up noodles, and calls it authentic.  Do I enjoy it? Absolutely! But that doesn't mean the variety is there.  I did appreciate that the dim sum came in mini bamboo steam basket.. ADORABLE!Thanks for filling me up so I look preggo at the pool party, Aria Buffet!
2	There are buffets in Las Vegas much better than this...I'll start by advising you to go somewhere else.There are "international" stations to choose from for different dining options. I tried their pepperoni and veggie pizzas, which were very bland. I also wanted to try the Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food, as I am Chaldean, but was sadly disappointed. The hummus was too "rough" and the tabbouleh was more brown than green. I tried a curry chicken dish which was pretty good, but ran out quickly and was never put out again in the time I was there. I had the same experience with the mac and cheese...which was delicious. It's the best thing I had there. They have a lot of desserts to choose from. I tried the mini mint cupcake and a mini gummy bear strawberry cupcake, not only are they cute, they were good too. My husband tried the cinnamon bread pudding and loved it, he said its the best thing he had there. The flow pattern was odd, which made it confusing for everyone walking around. There was no order, just people aimlessly walking up to stations and in your way the entire time. Granted, I understand it's Vegas and it's busy, but other buffets I've been to had a decent flow of the restaurant allowing people to take want they wanted, walk past what they didn't, and keep the line moving. People had no direction and were all over the place.  There is a long line at all times, but the wait isn't worth what you're getting. Our "waitress" Danielle brought us water and coke then disappeared for about 20 minutes. We watched her serve and attend tables that came after us, but even after being flagged several times, she wouldn't come to us. My husband asked another server named Samantha to start taking care of us and our experience got a little bit better after that. Overall, I wouldn't recommend it.
1	Had a horrible experience here on Tuesday. We went around 3pm & the line was okay, not too bad. We noticed that service was quite slow because there were a lot of empty tables but it was taking forever for people to get seated. The ladies at the front desk kept calling customers up to pay when the line to be seated was already extra long. it took us about 20 minutes to get to the pay desk, then about another 25 to get a table. the girl who was looking for a table for our party was disgustingly rude. She clearly did not like her job. She kept giving customers attitude, was very snappy, and kept rolling her eyes. Once we were finally seated, we went to get our food and the selection is not that great. I must say though that if you like seafood, i'm sure you'll like it - but if you're looking for a wide selection of food - do not come here.no one ever came to give us re-fills and no one came to clear our plates. it was a pig pen on our table. never coming back to this buffet again.
1	The food is bland and we got sick after eating in this place so we never came back after that first visit. But if you like desserts I guess its ok.
3	We received credit for two free buffets with our stay at Aria.  We decided to use the credits for lunch on a day when we were in a rush and needed food quickly.I'm not big on buffets, so I don't have a lot go on in terms of comparison....  I didn't find anything particularly outstanding or of which I would have gone up for seconds.   The mac and cheese was bland, the pico de gallo was flavourless, the pizza was ok, tacos were ok as well.The dessert bar was fairly impressive however, with really nice squares, mini cupcakes, macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings.Because it was free, The Buffet was worth it, but I would have been pretty disappointed if I'd paid with my own money after reading all of the self-hype about being the best buffet in Vegas!
4	Classic international buffet. We were 4 for lunch and had lunch for $150 (including everything but we did not have alcoholic beverages). Our waitress was nice and helpful. There's lots of choice, but the Sweets counter is great. Croissants are good  ( being french makes you really picky when it comes to croissants), cakes are cute.The only thing to be improve would be the coffee (not great) and a greater variety of bread. That being said, I would definitely go back just for the place. Nice view over the swimming pools, natural sunlight, lots of rooms between the tables, not too crowded, and not a long waiting time to be seated. And good music!
5	Awesome buffet all high quality food and very little sense of eating low quality buffet food.
3	Service is horrible. Food is just ok.Not recommended.
4	Another year passed and another vacation with complimentary buffets were booked. The food is about the same but the interior is definitely re-organized. They now also have a few indoor patio seats by the wait line. I sat there for the first day and all was good except the fact you have all these hungry people staring at you lolI still stand by what I said in my first review. If I had to pay, I would rather go elsewhere.
2	So disappointing. I expected great things from the Aria, but their buffet is comparable to Palms quality if not worse. I love buffets and I love the Aria hotel but I won't be coming back to the buffet unless it's free again. The selection is small and the flavors are mediocre at best. If you have the choice, go to the Bacchanal down the street or even the Wynn. The value there is so, so much better.
2	I thought the buffet was very average. There was nothing special about it.I received complimentary buffet passes since we were staying at the Aria. The dining area is clean and well kept. The food is divided into sections: Asian, Mediterranean, Italian, seafood, etc. They have the typical peel it yourself shrimp, steamed king crab legs, and mussels. I didn't find any of the food to be good. It was all very average. I thought it was cool how they bake their naan fresh. Having dined at the Wynn and Bellagio buffets in the past, I can say this buffet is behind in many ways.
4	Enjoyed Aria's buffet, been here with the hubby for breakfast and Sunday brunch. I enjoy the pastries from Jean Phillipe :) A little of everything for everyone. I like the open seating feel. The crowd here is average and I am ok with that, don't like feeling like I'm in a herd of people. Food here is fresh and presentable. The times we have been here, our servers have always been very attentive and friendly!
1	The buffet does not offer varieties of red and white meat And still is buffet quality for that expensive priceIt is not worth of what you payDessert selection and appetizers are ok but Not good main dishesVery expensive
4	Crab legs, crab legs, crab legs.Our family visited this buffet on Saturday Evening. Expected long line to be seated, there were few people out there and we were promptly seated. Craving crab as i seated beside the buffet tables. And there were lot more asian fusion. Chinese wonton soup, Japanese sushi. Salad, cheese, salamis, and desserts. The staffs were very friendly and the drinks were free. The end of the meal, we had coffee. It was gorgeous.
3	I'm not a huge fan of buffets. But we had two comped meals with our stay at the Vdara, so my girlfriends and I decided to go and make it our meal before we depart Vegas.It's not very big like most Vegas buffets. The selection of food was also not a lot as well. I really didn't like how things were set up. It was all kind of bunched up together. Like the center counters, one side would be hot food and the other side would be crab legs. The set up just wasn't all that easy. Presentation was just ok. It kind of mimicked the Wicked Spoon with some of the trays items were put in. And the salad bar! Most people get excited for the crab legs and prime ribs. I get excited about the salad bar. The more toppings the better. But if you put the toppings in a jar, how the heck am I suppose to grab them quickly? It wasn't easy reaching towards the back of the bar.The quality of the food wasn't the best either. I don't think I ate that much at this buffet. I didn't find anything that was amazing. And because it's so small the wait was longer for large parties of 5 and up.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE. COME ONLY IF YOU WANT TO BE TREATED LIKE SHIT! If I could give it less than one star, I would. The WORST five star buffet experience ever! They made us wait in lie on a Tuesday morning at 9 am for 40minutes while the restaurant was half empty. The management has no sense of customer service and what it takes to run a five starAfter complaining to the manager, he came up with some bullshit excuse of why he's making us wait, something to do with their system of serving. What they don't understand is that customers don't care about systems. I just want the five star service that I paid for. And to make matters worse, the food was disgusting and not worthy he wait at all. HORRIBLE!! Never coming here again! Head over to Bachhanal at the CaesarsPalace. The best buffet in Vegas. The food and variety are insane. Excellent service too.
4	This was the best buffet we have had in Vegas.  I like the selection and didn't even get to try everything before I got full.  The Gluten Free items are marked (not a ton of selections, but at least you don't have to guess).  The only complaint I have is that we had to wait a long time even though most of the tables were empty.  Not sure what's up with that.  Also, the music was a little loud & we couldn't really hear what the person seating us was saying.
3	Overall, decent food and dessert variety. Much smaller in comparison to the buffet at the Rio. Service was good.
4	Honestly, coming in here, I did not know what to expect.  I have not really heard much about the buffet at Aria.  Some people have said it was good, and others have condemned the place.  I have to say that Aria gets a B+ in my book.  Considering that the night before, I had eaten at the Bellagio buffet, and was utterly disappointed at the selection, the freshness, and hoards of people trying to load up on food in the already, cramped space.  I was in complete disarray of how horrible Bellagio was this time, compared to the last time I went there.  From a large walkway to accommodate lots of people searching for what they want to pile on their plates, to the modern decor, the Aria buffet was definitely a breath of fresh air.  Of course getting in for free does help quite a bit, thanks to myVegas.  There is a lot of selection to choose from.  Some of the food is already pre-portioned, allowing ease for people to just grab what they desire.  They have types of cuisine which are typical at any buffet.  The dessert selection is also a delight, which features gelato, cakes, pastries, and an assortment of tarts.  I would recommend the Aria buffet considering the fact that maybe Bellagio has peaked, and they do not care about quality of food anymore.
3	Yup a solid three star. Definitely an above average buffet but nothing about it jumps out and says I AM THE END OF HUNGER FOR YOU'RE ENTIRE STAY IN VEGAS! ALL OTHER BUFFETS KNEEL BEFORE ME! PREPARE YOUR PIE-HOLE FOR PIE!The glasses for drinks are laughably small, i think the coffee mugs hold more liquid. Drink service was a bit on the sorry side as well. Here's an idea maybe if we increase the capacity of the glasses our guests would shut up less about refills! Yeah how bout that! Also heard something about the 'bottomless drinks' being limited to three, didnt cash in on that offer so i cant really verify.So everything was your average buffet experience. You got Europeans who just love to cut in line or stand in the middle of the damn place or walk and suddenly stop causing you to dodge them or risk bumping them with loaded plates. You got chinese tourists with every square inch of their plate filled with snow crab legs. You got staff looking miserable as they refresh the station that's been refreshed a mere 15 min ago. And the busers who some way some how mange to balance a tray full of your BS while putting up with your BS. Tip these people well...Meal highlighs include anything cooked in the tandoor. The tandoori chicken was a bit under-seasoned but the tandoor gave it much more flavor. The nan is semi made to order, if you'd like a fresh one someone at hte station would be able to reheat a premade one and even garlic that SOB up for you. The garlic asparagus in the Italian section as well as the garlic green beans by the dinner section were quite enjoyable and cooked perfectly. Lots of freshness and garlic. Side note, i spent a few years eating in military messing facilities which are set up like buffets but considerably crappier and loads more depressing, unless it's an Air Force chow hall. Due to this, when ever is see fresh veggies that arent part of the salad bar i get all giddy and usually grab a hefty portion. The dessert section was a bit of a hit or miss for me. The Panna cotta was quite enjoyable where as the red velvet whoopie pies were just bombed out and depleted. The gelato wasnt too bad but there were way too many chunks of ice that added to the texture. I would go back if they had some kind of special promotion going on but wouldn't go out of my way to get some. Yelp 100 - 044 of 100
1	I have to agree with Deepika below, this is probably one of the worst buffet at $33 dinner price.  This is our first try at Aria so we don't know what to expect.  We had to wait in line for 75 minutes and the restaurant was only 3/4 full with some sections closed off at 3:30 pm.  I noticed that our waitress had to cover 2 big sections and she's not even fit physically (250 lbs +).  I'm nothing against overweight waitresses but she moved really slow and didn't even notice that our glasses were empty for half an hour or so.  Moving on to the food, the only thing worth eating is their brisket and rack of lamb.  Their prime rib is too dry and the king crab is nothing special.  I don't care about the Indian and Mexican food because they're so cheap to eat elsewhere.  This is probably the worst $33 we've spent on any buffet.  If you're thinking about trying this buffet, please don't waste your money.  Just go to Wynn buffet for LUNCH and you'll be glad you listen to me.  Finally, we went to Wynn for lunch the next day and their lunch was way bigger than Aria dinner buffet at only $25.   Wynn had more cheeses than just 3 cheap selection of cheeses at Aria.  Wynn had parmegiano reggiano cheeses (expensive), more gourmet salad selections, more italian station, better sushi and way better dessert and gelato.  Even our kids didn't like Aria gelatos.  Their selection is poor and taste awkward.  If you go to Wynn, don't forget to try their bread pudding with anglaise sauce next to it...it's the best I've ever had.  Their gelato taste like real gelato and not some cheap ice cream.  I'm glad we came back to Wynn and after so many years trying Wynn, it never disappoint us.  I will never come back to Aria, for less money I'd rather eat at Paris Buffet who has better prime rib.
2	There's no doubt that other than gambling, you can't leave Vegas without having a buffet. However, the heydeys of Vegas are long gone with the cheap AND delicious buffets. Now everything is classed up and they come with a hefty price tag. This includes the buffet at Aria. For $56 for a dinner buffet, I have to say it was most expensive and disappointing buffet I've been to in Vegas. The place looks like they have a lot of variety but half of it are not what I would crave for at a buffet. I ended up mostly getting stuff from the Asian cuisine but even that was lacking. The dumplings/ dim sum looked like they have been picked through. The shrimp pad thai didn't have much flavor to it. I didn't try it but the the tandoori chicken was overcooked according to my friends. The best one was probably the mac n cheese drenched in truffle oil. Comes in a little iron cast dish, which could be a meal in itself. But overall, it was not worth the money. I would have rather eaten at McDs instead if only we weren't starving.
3	I'm usually not a fan of the Vegas buffet but this one is alright. Doesn't stand out or anything but it everything you would expect from a Vegas buffet and is tasty for the most part. Seafood. Great selection. Includes king and snow crab legs. I like the ones that are still hot (snow crab). The Mahi Mahi was okayService: not the best. They had one poor lady attending way too many tables. She tried her best but she needed some help for sure. Wait: takes way too long to get to the front of the line. Took like 45 minutes.
1	I love the hotel, but the buffet is the worst buffet on the strip. I was excited when I saw that they had crab legs, and at $45 per person, I was expecting some great food. The food turned out to be below average, and the service was my highlight of the evening. Our waiter was beyond rude, and his sarcasm lost himself a good tip. The prime rib was the best thing on the menu, but if you want more value for your money, I would try any of the other great restaurants at Aria.
4	Amazing deal for 39.99 per person inc. drinks for an unlimited buffet. 12 different cuisines plus over 3 dozen desserts. Rated 8.5 out of 10 for our party of 4. This is not your parents buffet. This is awesome!
3	bad coffeeO.K. foodthe best part is the rotating gelato bar at least it was free becuase we stayed at the vdara and they gave us credit for the buffet
3	If the Aria buffet was located somewhere on it's own, I would probably rate it higher but with all the buffets located on the strip it comes in just average. The high price and the whole lining up for an hour even though it's empty inside is a bit of downer! I went early, around 4pm and didn't expect to be stuck in a 30 person queue for so long and to my dismay it was less than a third full when I got seated so I'm not sure what the holdup is for ? Make it look busy to passer by's ?The food is pretty good though, crab legs were plentiful and there were plenty of hot seafood choices like boiled clams, fish and chips and jambalaya. They had an authentic tandoor oven which they were making fresh naan and tandoori chicken which was great, the chicken well marinated, moist and having the smokey oven scent. The roasts were nicely done and they even had slider burgers which were a nice touch.The Chinese selection is a little bit small but decent, the satay chicken skewers were popular and the peanut sauce was nicely done. There were the usual fares of pizza, pastas and cold meats which I didn't indulge in.Like most buffets, there was a large selection of desserts but the thing that stands out at the Aria buffet was the large selection of sorbet. Heaps of flavours to choose from stored in a rotating freezer which was pretty cool.Service was great and efficient from the waiter but the fact that my waiter moved to a different section halfway through my meal made it hard to justify my tip as the second waiter had less to do by the time he took over with my table.Would I come here again when in Vegas? Probably not - I think the new buffet at Caesars has this place well beat and Bellagio and Wynn probably rank higher than this one.
5	Wow! This breakfast was amazing. I loved the french toast fried sticks, the pastries, and everything else. Breakfast is $18.99 and well worth it!
5	Hands down best buffet in Vegas. The service is what put it over the top. I have a major allergy and the server had the chef come out to talk to us. He walked me around the entire buffet pointing out all the things that were safe for me. I've never had that kind of treatment at a restaurant. And the bottomless alcohol option is well worth it!
3	It was ok, not too bad but not great neither. Food was....too boring. :-/
1	One of the worse buffet I have ever been to.  First of, the crab legs,  no tasteless  and it's seems like the crabs are old and might have been recycled from the previous nights.  Second, hardly any good selection of food# downer.  Third, the price, too much for what it is that it isn't there at all.   take my word for it don't go, there are plenty of other buffets in Vegas. Come on, its Vegas baby!
4	Excellent.  It has indian food (good for vegetarians). They make a salad in front of u whixh is good cuz they can properly toss it
1	Really Aria?? A supposedly fancy/elegant/sophisticated hotel has a Mexican station with hard shell Tortillas, yellow cheese, ground beef and sour cream? For one moment I though I was at Taco Bell. What an insult for my country. For the price of the buffet I would have expected real tacos. Not a really big variety of food. Even prime rib was chewy I couldn't eat it.Only good thing was the ice cream and the men that served it. He made my day. He was really nice. Also, Waiter looked like he was mad at everyone. I was scared to even ask for water.Instead try the one at the Whynn, Paris or Rio
2	All the meat was poor quality and overcooked. The dim sum was OK, great cured meats and cheeses. The shellfish was awful and the crab legs with ghee was my favorite part. The dessert selection is great but many poorly executed dishes. I only went because of proximity,  would not go back, and think it was very overpriced for the quality.
3	Came here for a Sunday brunch after a long Saturday night. There was a line when we went, but it moved at a steady pace. I want to say we waited around 30 minutes in line with a group of 8. There was quite a selection of food; my friend said he was surprised they served crab legs. The meats from the meat station were ok, kind of bland even with sauces. In general, none of the food really wowed me; even the brunch items like eggs benedict looked uncooked and unappetizing. Saving grace for the Aria buffet? One word: GELATO. The other desserts were ok, but I could have eaten 10 cups of gelato. A coworker told me the gelato they serve at the Aria buffet is the same at Jean Philippe's, I don't know if it's true, but the gelato was the best part of the buffet. I tried pistachio, coffee, some triple berry thing, and one more fruit one I forget now. All good. After this last trip to Vegas, I think I have come to realize that I do not like the buffets, and I'd rather go to a sit-down venue and eat/savor my food. Granted, some buffets are good, but oftentimes, I come out feeling like I just stuffed my face for the sake of stuffing my face, and that's never a good feeling. If I was staying at Aria of Vdara and didn't want to go very far for a buffet, I'd say go. But for me, I think I'll be done with Vegas buffets for awhile.
5	Aria is by far one of the best buffets in Vegas and I think it is the best one I have ever eaten at. The eclectic variety is more than you get at even places like the Bellagio. And since the buffet is tucked away on the second floor, the lines aren't long either.I ate here both for lunch and dinner and while the menus were nearly identical, the food was great both times. Aria served a mix of Indian food, Chinese food, fresh sushi, steamed and cold crab legs, scallops, fish, pork shoulder, prime rib and carved ham and chicken.Even the salads were better and prepared in front of you by chefs. After all that you can hit the dessert table and get Butterfinger ice cream. As you can imagine, I felt fat.
5	This is definitely in the top 10 buffets of Vegas. I went for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic. t's only $29 for the brunch and an additional $12 for unlimited cocktails, beer, wine and champagne. Anything you could possibly want to eat was there for you. I really enjoyed the crab legs, dumplings and extensive carving station. If you plan to buffet it in Vegas, this is a good one to try. The line was short too!
5	My son chose this Buffet as the reception for his small wedding. I had a few reservations about it but it sounded good. And it turned out to be a great choice. They put aside an area for us to all fit in. Two servers were there to help us along with a supervisor whose name I wish I'd taken down since she was very helpful. The food was great. Everything I tried, and I sampled a lot, was excellent. A wide variety of things that were all well prepared. It's not the cheapest by any stretch of the imagination. But I view it as one of my better dining experiences in Vegas. I'll be back.
5	I honestly don't understand how anyone can grouse about the buffet at Aria, unless they don't really like buffets in general. If you want a fine dining experience - go to Scarpetta or Guy Savoy. If you want an amazing buffet - it's at Aria. I first went to the Aria buffet in October 2012 and by the time of my next visit in October 2013, it had been revamped. I liked it originally, but the re-do makes the experience even better. My friend and I visited for lunch, and the price was very reasonable - maybe $22? Complimentary beverages are served in classy stemless wine glasses and our cheerful server was all about making sure we stayed hydrated. Of all the things I ate, the only bite I wasn't crazy about was a lone potsticker. That means I found the following things delicious: chicken salad, ham, macaroni & cheese, mashed potatoes, sushi (albeit the rice was a tad dry), antipasti, mushroom bruschetta, French onion soup, corned beef hash, gazpacho, crab legs, mussels, pecan tart, chocolate cake, coconut macaroons...and probably more things I can't remember.
1	Ahhhhhh the famous Las Vegas buffet.....yeah doesn't exist here for me! I have had umpteen and I mean umpteen Las Vegas buffets at probably every hotel on the strip and the one at the Aria is truly forgettable. My first grouse....the long line...we waited for close to 45 minutes to get into the buffet and when we got inside....there were empty tables everywhere!! The ladies that were checking people in and collecting the money were painfully slow and were too busy talking on their cell phones. Plus inside the area is pretty disappointing...come on Aria spruce it up!!My second grouse....food labeling....it is terrible! They have food sections and in a particular food section there will be a plaque telling you all the dishes that are available there. The problem is sometimes I don't know what dish is what....how about putting the label in front of the particular dish!!! Ain't that a brilliant idea!! Example....I picked up a type of salad thinking it was a potato salad....nope turned out it was tuna salad....now if they had just put the label in front of each dish...would have made my life much easier! Also I am not vegetarian but I noticed that the labeling made it very hard to tell, which dish was vegetarian or not. Example, it says vegetable fried rice....but its full of pork and beef...fabulous Aria!! You just ruined some poor vegetarian's day!!My third grouse....food taste...overall not impressed. Yes I know its a buffet and I should not expect Michelin star rated food and to be honest I am not. But I do expect there to be flavor in the dishes and for them to taste different! I tried almost everything they had there and the best thing was the "vegetable fried rice" and the Parmesan bread....all of which I don't need to pay $25 bucks for!My last grouse....variety....Las Vegas buffets are famous for their lavish spreads and variety in food. I felt a distinct lack of "lavishness" here. If you are going to do less than you had better make sure that the quality of the food is high. Unfortunately, Aria fails in both the variety and the taste department!The servers were nice and the dessert bar was decent...but that's about it. So if you're looking for a Vegas buffet, don't come here, save your time, money and energy and walk yourself over to the Bellagio or Wynn yes it costs more but at least you leave feeling full, satisfied and happy!
2	They say you get lobster but they lie.  Pretty much pissed.  I called before arriving and asked if the lobster was included they said yes but we were informed after paying and being seated that is no longer the case and its been that way for quite a while apparently.  Food not worth 43 bucks a person.  I really didn't like the food.  It was cold, old, with films on top of everything.  I don't know maybe it was a slow Sunday night.  Took one bite of everything appealing to me and nothing but the crab was good enough to make it to a second bite.  I would never waste my money here again.
5	This was a no brainer for me. My girlfriend had been in las Vegas the previous year and they had not yet opened this buffet (closed for refurb I do believe) so she wanted to try it. Our servers name was Sonny and he really lived up to his name. He had a smile he was attentive and upbeat the entire time. It can really make or break your dinner experience even if it is buffet . He made our experience there that much more enjoyable and wonderful. The food was Amazing. Hot crab legs on the dinner buffet and already cracked for you so all you had to do was scoop out the meat. A variety of shrimp and so much more to choose from. Their labeling system was a little different for foods. Instead of being on the glass over the food it was on chalkboards on that strip of the bar above all the foods. Very inventive and cute. Dessert bar was amazing. Everything about this buffet was well worth it. I will def be back for this one. A huge shout out to Sonny.....Thank you for making our experience the best yet at a Vegas Buffet
5	The best Breakfast Place on hte Strip! Recepies are the state of art! If you like kashi, oatmeals, crapes and tartalets like I do, I strongly suggest you to ckeck this place out! While writing this at home, I still have some sort of sensation and my taste buds are awake. I used to be a fan of Wynn morning sessions, now I'm in beteween Aria and Wynn. Delicious and tempting is all I can say!
2	Mediocre at best.  Gave it 3 tries. Won't come back. Most of the hot dish platters looked like they had been sitting there for ages.
5	When people think of Las Vegas buffets, they are thinking about the $10 lobster and steak deals. That is not the Buffet at the Aria. This is TOP SHELF cuisine.
2	This was such a disappointment.  Expensive and the only reason we went, was for the  kabobs, however they did not have any, nor did anyone seem to care when asked about them.  Crab legs were small and flavorless.  Expensive for what we got. Friends went earlier in the day and said the selection was much better for the brunch.  We had eleven people for a birthday dinner and was not cheap.........Did not seem fresh.  The gelato was however, excellent.
3	M'eh.  I wouldn't have chosen to eat at this buffet, but my colleague and I were exhausted after a full day at the Aria conference center and this was the only on-site restaurant that wasn't filled to capacity.Maybe I just don't like the Vegas buffet experience.  Everyone in the place looked so sad, even as they were piling heaps of food on their plates.  It's kind of a depressing place to be.The food was okay and there was a lot of it.  In keeping with Aria's overall theme, the focus is mostly Asian cuisine.  Plenty of sushi, curry, noodles, dumplings and the like.  Lots of seafood options.  There was also a section for southern diner-style food like meatloaf, mashed potatoes and a carving station, but none of that looked very appetizing.  It all appeared to have been sitting out under the heat lamps for a long time.My favorite item on the buffet was the fish n' chips presented in an adorable little frier basket.  It was actually really crispy and tasted great.  Also, I enjoyed the desserts and there was a vast selection of sweets.  The bread pudding was unexpectedly exceptional.  There were about a dozen different flavors of gelato to choose from and a large assortment of pastries and tarts.I purchased the all-you-can-drink option for... $15?  It sounds like a decent deal, but let's be honest: most people are going to stuff themselves with food and won't really have much room for alcoholic beverages.  Plus the beer list is really bad.  The only beer that I would even consider ordering was Stella.  I had one of the bloody mary cocktails too, and it was just awful.  No flavor except for an astringent, cheap vodka.  Ick.Rather than hitting a buffet on the strip, my preference would be to take that $50-60 and catch a cab downtown.  Around Fremont Street you can eat and drink your fill of really delicious food in a much happier atmosphere, continue the revelry all night long, and still spend less money than one trip to the buffet.  That's just a personal preference though.  If you really enjoy buffets, I guess the one at Aria is par for the course.
2	Was underwhelmed. I ate there twice while staying at the Aria and the only reason I went the second time is because I had a food credit. Wouldn't recommend it to an enemy. Most of the food wasn't at the correct serving temperature, some items tasted like it was cooked some synthetic oil, and the variety left so much to be desired!
3	We had a coupon, otherwise it would have made me crazy to pay $33 for dinner at a buffet.  There were plenty of selections but as in any buffet when food sits around, it's just not cooked to order and some of the selections suffered.We didn't have to wait to be seated, the decor was nice, light and open but we won't go back.  If we want buffet, we'll go to the Bellagio.
2	Food here is decent but for the price you pay it is not worth it at all. If I'm gonna pay the same price range as Bellagio or Wicked Spoon, then I want the same amount of options. Thank God I had a $100 food voucher and didn't have to pay for this place,
4	Luckily, I didn't have to pay as much to get in, thanks to coupons. The inside of the buffet is fancy than other buffets at older casinos. The only downfalls to this is lack of selection and less quantities of food. Reasons for the small quantities to prevent the food from going to waste and I can agree with that, especially with the saying "Your eyes are bigger than your stomach." What makes this buffet stand out for me is the crab legs and I'm a big fan of lobster and crab, so I always went for a lot. Despite the small selection and the quantity, the food is great none the less, only thing that kills it is the pricing and it's worse when it's on a holiday, prices go up.
4	Let William carve you something nice. He lets you sample anything from carvery with a smile and a bit of humor. Then talk to Adriana in the pastry shop. Great recommendations with a smile. Staff surprisingly kind and passionate about service.
2	My husband and I ate here. what a disappointment. False advertising people!! The food was cold and not good! The salmon tasted funny the Mac and cheese was a step above a cafeteria and the sushi was dry and chewy. Way overpriced what a disappointing experience. If you want an amazing buffet go to the bellagio.
4	King crab legs galore! Newly renovated ^_^
5	First I would like to say that this is great buffet. My crew and I went on a saturday brunch. 29.99 plus add all u can drink for 13 $ more...skip the bloody mary and get the white sangria. Which was recommemded to use by our excellent waiter. Danny. He is the best. Super fast service. Plates always taken away. Drinks always filled. We always had what we needed. Didnt even have to ask. He just took care of it. His manager Lo was also great and welcoming. I suggest sit in his section and please tip people!! Cobra!!!
1	Came with my family i paid for four an my cousin paid for four an they refused to sit us together they said it was against company policy with so many empty tables unless we paid 18% gratuity for serving water an soda.  Food wasn't fantastic spit 3 things out crab legs were dry so was the brisket, and ham. How can you mess up butter
2	Although ARIA is my favorite casino on the strip and I usually stay here for my Vegas trips. The Buffet at Aria is a big PASS. Their food is not great, and when you have a selection of the best buffets in the world, this just does not come close. I'm finding a hard time writing the review just because there is not much to say. They attempt to offer dishes from around the world but everything falls really flat and there just isn't enough variety for it to be called much. We got in here for free with our hotel stay, but if we had to pay, I definitely would not be back.
4	Pretty good service, and tons of food selection. The place is in the heart of new center Aria, Cosmopolitan and Mandarin. The restaurant has 700 or more capacity, Mila our server did a very good job, plates always taken away and drinks constantly filled. Food selection are from different part of the world cuisine and enjoyed every bite of  appetizer, entrees and dessert.  My rate is down to a star, it's pricey  for $39 per person. Anyway its worth it for an exquisite experience.
4	I went to Aria buffet during lunch. It was about $25 a person.Pros:- Very modern settings. Beautiful decorations, huge floor to ceiling windows which allows for lots of light.- Really liked their dim sum selection- All you can eat crab legs; great deal- Selections from sushi, sausages, asian cuisine, desserts, seafood, etc - $12 all you can drink- Beautiful and uniquely designed dessertsCons:- After 2 plates, you can pretty much get  everything you wanted to eat. There's not as much selection as Bellagio's buffet for instance.
1	Went for breakfast on a Monday morning after staying the night at Aria.  The good..Nice layout, located on the 2nd floor promenade, and it was reasonably priced (if you like the food)The not so-bad..It's not as big as the other Vegas buffets I've tried.  Let's get to the ugly.. How can you screw up breakfast?!? Cold potatoes and eggs. Eggs benedict with no hollandaise, tasteless dim sum choices, dry waffles and pancakes, and the sausages.. ugh.  Seemed like we tried it all, and all were FAIL.  I felt a little guilty that I've wasted all that food.  But, my taste buds were not having any of it.  We ended up eating a pastry and gelato for breakfast.  A $30 meal for pastry and gelato.  Might as well just have gone to Jean-Phillippe.
5	AYCE Crab legs and sushi for $22.99 for lunch M-Th. I'm in heaven. This is our go to buffet whenever we are in Vegas. Kids 3 and under eat for free.This place is awesome!!
3	I went for dinnertime, and it wasnt terrible, but it was nothing to write about. The "big buffets" (caesars, cosmopolitan etc) outshine this one, even the MGM is better in my opinion. However, it's not slop and it's vegas AND it's a buffet, so three stars seems sufficient. Plus, I love Aria. So beautiful.
5	Steamed, hot snow crab w/ drawn butter is a winner! Having a choice of consuming hot or cold crab is a great idea. Must taste gelato flavors - mandarin yuzu, gluten free pistachio, pumpkin, peanut butter w/ chocolate pretzel are delicious! There are so many gelato flavors that I saw in the automated carousel but did not have a chance to try. Mini whoopie pies are delectable! Gluten free panacotta is yummy!
4	Been to a lot of buffets, expensive and non and I would say this one is great for the price you pay. Tons of food to choose from, a lot of which is made to order. Loved the chilequiles for breakfast, the bacon was perfect and the yogurt bar was amazing! I got the french toast dips, a number of sausages, salad and everything was very tasty. The dessert bar... oh man. I felt like a kid in a candy store. Everything looked amazing. Lemon bar, brownie, gelato. All of it was great. The coffee was good too! I would definitely eat here again during my next stay.
3	It's okay. I really liked the quality of the cold meats and cheeses. The hot stuff was average. We got a good deal on lunch and I left satisfied. For what it cost, it was good food with something for everyone.
4	First of all I think with any buffet it's smart to go right before the switch from lunch to dinner. I enjoyed the crab legs most ! I really liked the way they cut them so it was easy to eat. They looked sliced for you so you didn't have to do the hard work and have to crack them which was awesome  :) tasted great with the melted butter. I loved the curry chicken ! Really really good, flavor was perfect along with the Nann and Biryan rice The dessert was good, lots of gelato flavors. Carrot cake was good :)Overall was memorable enough  to want to return for my future visits to Vegas :) and also next time I will make sure to not have a stomach full of Fat Tuesday slurpy right before coming here lol I think I could have enjoyed it more lol
4	Just had a great evening and topped things off at the Aria buffet. $86.46 for two at dinner time. The food was excellent . Try the prime rib it's to die for and I'm not sure why Butta every buffet I look for the clam chowder to try. This one was a hit. Not one thing went wrong on this go round
3	We tried this buffet on our recent visit.  We had comps for two buffet meals so we went out of our way to try it.  It was good and we enjoyed our food however it was different.  My BF said it best when he said, 'the food is good but it tastes like the people cooking it had never actually tasting what the food should taste like'.  The naan was good but different.  It was very buttery.  Some of the other dishes tasted fine just not quite what you would expect them to taste like.  There was certainly a large selection with stations from Asian to Pizza to Indian to Diner.  The crab legs were good but when the Vegas buffets split them the taste and freshness is not quite the same.   If the food had tasted more authentic I might have given them 4 stars but for a Vegas buffet it was better than a lot of them.
4	I absolutely LOVED the Buffet at Aria.First off, I don't care whether it was ' better before ' , since it was the first time I was there, and I really enjoyed it. Yes, the price is not on the cheap side, but Hey, you're in Vegas : If you want cheap, you'll get crap. There was a wide variety of  yummy tasting foods from all over the world around the gigantic restaurant, and I tried most of what seemed delicious.What I prefered the most was the cheese choices and cold cuts, along with the sea counter, which was very appealing, although the salmon tartare was not very good. The seered sea-bass was Delicious ! And what about the desserts ? Divine ! Have a taste you won't be deceived !
4	This buffet sure did improve! The first time I tried it years ago... it was not good, despite being fancy looking and all... I forgot when they reopened this buffet, but it sure did taste much better this time around. First off, HOT crab legs for lunch???? I'm so there!!! No other place have I seen warm crab legs for lunch... not to mention even having crab legs for lunch!! I had a plateful and they were sweet and juicy... drenched in butter, I happily set myself up for a heart attack, lol. The beer battered fish was also very good! The amount of food is not as numerous as other buffets... but the food they had was good. I also had clam chowder - very tasty and creamy. The curry from the Mediterranean station with the basmati rice was delicious.  The prime rib was well cooked (other places it was medium rare) and very tender and tasty. The thing I did not like was the BBQ pork bun... I'm Vietnamese and we are big on dim sum... and this did not hit the spot. It tasted weird to me. They also had har gow (shrimp dumplings)... average tasting. Dessert selection was a bit dismal compared to other buffets...not a big selection and nothing really stood out. They do have waffle cones for your ice cream!Lunch was $22. A good deal actually since it includes seafood!! I left at 2:30pm, dinner starts at 3pm and did not see a line really... maybe because today is Tuesday? In the end, a BIG improvement over the old buffet here... for the price, it's a pretty good deal, especially if you want more seafood stuff during lunch! But if you are looking for the vast selection at some other places, it's not really here. Service was good and my drink was always filled.
3	Similar to my Aria hotel review, I'm already a little bias since the friends I was staying with are VIPs.  Thus, no wait :) I thought it was OK - for brunch.  Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's is definitely way better.  Again, it has several stations for different cuisines - asian (dim sum, noodles, rice, etc.) meats (sausage, ham), omelets (make your own), desserts (cookies, cakes, ice cream), bread, seafood (crab legs), pizza.  I'm pretty sure I've left out a bunch of other goodies, but my suggestion to you is to go to Bacchanal if you want to try the best buffet in Vegas.
1	if I could give negative stars , I would. terrible service and food not fit for hoggs. worst restaurant in Vegas hands down...
4	I had Thanksgiving dinner here with family and friends. I was a little worried about coming here with all the "not so good  reviews" on yelp but,  it was actually good.  REAL good. Prime rib was tender and juicy, crab leg was on the small side but, its ayce. turkey was juicy and not dry, ham was wonderful, sushi was fresh, especially the salmon and tuna rolls. They also had a good variety of desserts and gelato. Thier Har Gow and Siu Mi was pretty tasty. Service was awesome, my plates were gone by the time I came back with my seconds and thirds.  The seven of us came out to $399 and our group was abt 25 people, Kids were regular price, no discount or half price.  I woulda given them 5 stars if they were in the low to mid $40's and kid half price and not $57 p/p tax and tip included but, it was still worth it especially when some1 in our group had VIP status and we waited less than 15 mins and bypassed 200-300 people..
3	Probably a 3.5. I like the short line for Pearl members. Buffet itself is small and limited, the choices are ok but not great. Prime rib was delicious but fairly common at buffets. Nothing special here really. Spend a few more dollars and go next door to Wicked Spoon at Cosmo instead
4	I would have given out 5 stars but the service sucked.  I know its a buffet but it doesn't take 10 minutes to get coffee or water.  The food is excellent.
5	Here's why I give it five stars:-This buffet has the largest gluten free selection I have ever seen in a Vegas buffet! Great options!-That being said, I'm gluten free most often by choice not because of an allergy, I came here today specifically for the BREAD PUDDING! Oh my god! DELISH!!!!-Their desserts in general are fantastic! -One evening when my husband and I came here for dinner we were presented with a lobster before our drinks even arrived! Crazy!This is a top choice of my husband and I, we're always pleasantly happy and full every time we come! :)Eat up!
4	One of my favorite buffet places in Vegas. Bellagio's was meh, Wynn's was good & so was Rio's seafood buffet & Mandalay's. The Buffet at Aria was fun, exciting, enjoyable & honestly quite impressive.I'm subtracting 1 star because there was a large group of us eating there (about 12 adults, plus I think 3 kids), & they said they'd have to charge an extra $100 bucks to seat us together. My cousin voluntarily paid - through the nose. Never in my life had I heard of an extra $100 charge to seat a big group together. Maybe that's Aria's version of 'Welcome to Vegas'. I'm not sure the place was full, but yeah.Apart from the annoying $100 charge & the "the buffet" logo with its awful kerning (sorry), there really was nothing to complain about. Vegas really does have amazing chefs, & a bunch of them are at Aria. The place has a young, modern feel to it; the food selection was diverse (there was pizza amongst all the sushi & lobster); the seafood was fresh & clean but flavorful; the desserts were adventurous & artistic, & there was lobster...the works. It was expensive (can't remember how much, exactly), but it's worth the $ if you're a foodie, or eating there for the experience.
4	I am not a buffet fan since I do not eat a lot. I happened to book our stay at the Aria during a promotion for 2 free** buffets per day. I went for brunch one day and breakfast another. It was pretty good. You get what you pay for and IMO this buffet has some quality food. Fresh ice cream. great Indian food, yummy omelets, fresh fruit and more. I would recommend this buffet for meat eaters since there was a variety of choices to choose from. For a vegetarian? Only if you have a resort credit and vegans, forget about it.The service was great. One of the best I've experienced at a buffet.  The waiters were nice and quick with drink orders and table clean up.
5	I am not a buffet person. My parents live in Vegas and they love buffets. I must admit, for a person who eats healthy (me), this worked for me and I ate here twice during my stay, once for lunch and for breakfast.The selection is not as massive as most but the food is refreshed often, the presentation is good and it worked for me.Is it knock your socks off? Absolutely not. But for $20 for breakfast and $24 for lunch it is a good value.What did I like?They will toss your salad and it is good choices. This won me over.The smoked salmon (lox) was pretty good quality.The fresh fruit was decent.The roasted beets for lunch were delicious.I left happy and not stuffed. Perfect.And I didn't hate it, like I usually do at Mandalay Bay.Well done, Aria.
4	This is most definitely one of the nicer buffets in Vegas. They offered anything and everything you could possibly want! Vegan sliders, to fresh crab legs, to gumbo, to dim sum... it was all there along with SO much more. Some buffets offer a good variety of food, but the quality just isn't there... that's not the case here. Every item I chose was excellent! The dessert station here was also a step above the rest. They even had gourmet flavors of gelato including oreo and caramel pretzel. Take that, vanilla!I enjoyed the layout of this particular buffet as well. Many are located in the center of the casino property, giving them a cafeteria feel, where this one actually had windows surrounding the dining area with nice views of palm trees and the pretty landscaping.
3	It's good.....but it's lacking a signature dish or two....or three.Also, after trying Bacchanal (Caesar's Palace) and Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan), everything else is also-rans. They have to create an amazing experience or a dish that would match or better the two that I mentioned. Don't get me wrong here, the place is nice, clean, spacious and bright and the dishes are nicely prepared with their own sections. But it lacks that umph. Yes, they have every kind of similar food items served at other buffet places, and one would expect something elegant, especially located inside the Aria. At least I used my hotel credit on the place; otherwise, I wouldn't pay to return if given the chance with so many better buffet options in Vegas.
4	King crab legs for the win! Almost every buffet on the strip offers some sort of crab legs but with different options on opening them. These are cut open taking all of the hard work out of it for you! Many other options from around the world including Italian, Mexican, Indian, Chinese and Japanese. Lots of vegetarian and gluten free options. The winner in the dessert area was the blood orange (sugar free) panna cotta. Service was great keeping your drinks refilled and plates cleared. Beautiful bright clean atmosphere and even an option for bottomless beverages for another 12.99 which includes beers, mimosas, sangrias, wine, Bloody Mary and bellinis!
3	Quite disappointed how we had to wait so long in line while there were plenty of open seats. There was only 1 cashier and their computer system is not working. We gave a group of angry customers behind and I wondered where the manager was and they were no where to be found.The food was great. It has what a typical buffet has just more upscale. Quality of food is a whole lot better. I think they have the best selection of desserts among Las Vegas buffets. Presentation and taste is phenomenal.I have to mention about their bottomless alcoholic drinks worth $12. They have a great selection of alcoholic drinks. It's pretty worth it.
4	Finally got a chance to try out Aria's the buffet with my MyVegas 2-for-1 reward.Cost: 38$ for lunchWhen: Monday (1:05 PM)Cons: long line wait (1 hour wait, so started eating at 2PM) and bad service originally (our server Mary Ann messed up drink orders, showed up only twice the entire time we were there (but we spotted her chatting with other servers on the side), etc. Other waitress rudely told us she won't help us because "it's not my section" when I asked if she could get us something to drink after we waited 16 minutes from first being seated).Pro: cool food setup (gelato dessert rotating wheel and stone oven cooked tortilla), new server (Yugasov?) extremely hard working, decent variety of food, AMAZING tastes (nothing was overpoweringly seasoned or sauced, etc. It tasted like restaurant quality cuisine), and aesthetically pleasing layout.Bathroom layout and cleanliness: 3.5 out of 5.Overall: think it's worth a trip on a less busy day (use MyVegas or discounts). As other reviewers say, it's no Bacchanal Buffet, but it's still a delicious visit. So 7 out of 10 for me (due to wait and initial service).
1	Visited the buffet at Aria on 12/23.  Very disappointed.  This is the most over-priced buffet in Vegas as they were charging special holiday gourmet dinner price of $46.99!!! And they charged the same price for a 5 year old kid???  It's definitely nothing special and not worth the price even with the $34.99 regular dinner price.  The food is just OK.  Buffet at Wynn is a lot better.  The roast beef was over-cook.  Grab legs were just like any other Vegas buffet places.  The only positive thing I can say about this place is the newly remodeled decor.  The environment is clean.  I will never visit this place again.  There are so many other buffet choices in Vegas that are more price reasonable with better food than Aria.  Even with my 2 for 1 myVegas coupon for dinner, it's still not worth the money.  Aria buffet, you definitely let us down!!!
3	This was a comp so I didn't pay for it... but in order to be able to afford the rest of my splurges & vacation we did try out 2 buffets... this was one of them. Really nothing to write home about, not much better than other buffets... some passable selections were the cheese/deli section with blue cheese & even Parmesan chuncks with Several nut choices, crackers, honey, dried fruits I thought that alone would do if I didn't find anything worthy, also the chicken curry was decent with jasmine rice.  Desserts were ok, not great, but better than average for a buffet
3	Came here on a Thurs dinner time after Christmas and they're charging $50/person, ouch. Seriously, buffet at Vegas is becoming a joke now. What happen to all the good and cheap buffets they used to offer? Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and fresh but they don't have enough variety of food to charge at that price. If I want to pay $50 for buffet, I'll rather go buffet at Caesar's or Cosmopolitan. I've been here before during lunch and the only difference at dinner is that they added prime rib and oyster.  This is a $30 buffet at best. Food 4 stars and price 2 stars.
3	BF and I came here with his parents on Thursday (after Christmas) night. It was holiday pricing, so $46.99 per person. We decided to try this buffet because we each redeemed 2 comps from myVEGAS, otherwise we would not have paid to go. We waited about 45 minutes to be seated. The selection was small compared to other buffets. BF and I mainly ate the prime rib (decent), tenderloin (dry), and king crab legs (decent). There was a gelato wheel among a variety of desserts. The pistachio gelato and flan were good!The buffet was spacious, but due to the small selection and the price, we will probably not come back.
5	This place is sooooooo damn good!! My family was so happy with all the food. Prime rib, raw oysters, claims, mussels, crab, etc....ALL OF IT WAS GREAT!!! I can't wait to go back! It's expensive but worth it! Went for Christmas dinner with my family so the holiday price was RIDICULOUS but we had no complaints..we ate until we couldn't eat anymore. WE LOVE FOOD!!
3	Definitely a step below Bucchanal, and 2 steps above Hometown Buffet. more memorable items included:- thick pancakes stuffed with nutella- eggs Benedict with snow crab made to order- good brownies- variety of soups (butternut squash and clam chowder was nice) less than OK items included:- low quality Ice cream - dry fish- asian stirfry with a half inch layer of grease floating on topFYI to all the people suffering from celiac disease: there is an INCREDIBLE RANGE OF GLUTEN FREE ITEMS (more than half the selection). there must have been a considerable amount of care when coming up with the recipes here.  good job Aria!I'd rank this meal somewhere in between The Buffet at the Wynn and the one at Planet Hollywood
2	Thursday night dinner: $34.99. If you want lobster, $10 more. If you want bottomless alcohol, $12.99 more. Arriving at 7pm, wait in line for at least an hour. Sighs~Food quality is average. Choices are okay. Didn't really WOW me with the price they charge.Food display is kind of spread out so no long wait line to get the food. However, putting the food inside the heavy pot... not too convenience. First, the lid is way too heavy & hot. Also, you have to put down your plate first then open the lid to get the food?? With the lid on, you can't really see what's inside. Not an ideal way to display the food. Service is bad. Each server is taking care too many tables. Hard to get the server to refill the drink. Not too impressed with the dinning experience.
4	I like their seafood selections: tiger shrimps and crab legs. The Chinese food doesn't have many varieties and the quality was not impressive neither. The sushi was not great but still okay. The panini was good in my opinion but I am not that much into panini so I might be wrong about it. Overall it's a good buffet place considering the price is fair and the selections are good. I will return to this buffet in the future!
5	Beautiful ambiance, spacious & great food presentation. The quality of the food is thus far the best buffet I have been to. Great dessert selections. I love the made to order salad. I like how you can chose to include unlimited alcohol.
3	* Welcome Experience- Blatantly BadEven for a buffet, this crew was just obnoxious.  * Establishment- OrdinaryIt's a buffet.  It feels like a buffet.  It looks like a buffet. Nothing worth mentioning here.  * Service- OrdinaryOur server was prompt, friendly and attentive.   * Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation- Somewhat Encouraging (it's a buffet!)I don't know should I write a review of buffet food or tell you how the food was at this buffet?  Ok I'll do both...Buffet food: Ambitious!  They are innovative and are trying to do cool things!  Exotic(ish) entrees appear throughout the sectioned-off buffet and new ideas seem to be welcome here as they have small bites and cool combinations available.  For example...A charcuterie section was a good try.  Tillamook cheddar and cheap lunchmeat slices made it a miss.  Small bites glasses full of various salads was a cool idea.  I tried Thai beef and it was just ok.  (A piece of cheap roast-beef lunchmeat in a glass with some dressing and greens.)Stunning (looking) desserts will please the eye but disappoint the taste buds (IMHO.) The food if it were not a buffet:  No good!  For the novelty of a buffet, variety and quantity, this place is your spot.  For good food you need to find another dining experience elsewhere.  * What I'll remember- The Mecca of glistening desserts - I SO WISH my mouth's experience matched my eyes'!What I can't wait to forgetThe dried out brisket.  The sawdust rice.  The decaying Shu Mai.  The velveeta Mac and cheese.
3	Nothing special, but nothing terrible either. Not worth complaining about when it's comped, but I would literally NEVER pay the sticker price.If you like Prime Rib and Beef Brisket you won't leave hungry, although at a buffet that's not saying much. Some times the crab legs are awesome, but most of the time they just look like absolute garbage. Same with the Pizza. They used to have the greatest pesto pizza ever, but not since the remodel, which is a real shame.The overarching theme of this buffet is probably "unrealized potential." A lot of the food would be really good if made to order, but unfortunately they just make a ton of everything and leave it to sit and get soggy, burnt or otherwise go from great to gross.The sushi, for example, is made using good fish, then put on a tray, covered in plastic wrap and left to sit in a fridge until the rice is hard and it's just garbage. Same with the burritos and the asian food. A lot of the issues would be solved, I think, if they just made smaller portions more often.The guacamole, mashed potatoes, prime rib, basically anything that the quality doesn't go downhill when it sits out, are all amazing. Anything where the quality degrades though, expect it to be disgusting.I just think this place is funny because they definitely have the potential to be a 5-star buffet, but they seem pretty content to be very mediocre.
5	Great! Buffet! It has a bright, modern atmosphere and lots of choices that are a little lass conventional like the mediteranian section and the dim sum. Service was great, and the layout was easy to figure out. You cant beat the price here, and the bottomless drinks at that!
2	Good Food. Fantastic Service. Unethical Business Practices.We ate there every day while staying at Aria from 17-23 December 2013 due to a promotion where they provided a $68 buffet voucher per night.The food variety is relatively small to other places but the quality is top notch.The wait staff is second to none. They were super attentive and friendly and collectively made the best service experience I've ever had in Vegas.So here's the bad part. Two days in to our voucher deal they nearly doubled the price per person for the buffet. They called it "Holiday Brunch" or something like that. Nothing changed (food or service) except for the price which went up $20 dollars per person. The "free" buffet deal turned out to be anything but. The place wasn't even more crowded than usual.I understand Vegas exists to vacuum the cash out of your bank account but the gimmick pulled by Aria's management over the buffet price amounted to cheating their customers. Don't treat your customers like complete suckers and they may just return with their business. It's no wonder MGM resorts posts billions in losses on a regular basis.
4	I've tried several Vegas buffets over the last few years and really enjoyed this one. We went to the buffet around 4:30 on a weekday and there was no wait and it wasn't too crowded. The layout seems smaller and more compact than at some buffets which means I think they slightly less variety of food options, but what they do offer was top notch. The carving station BBQ pork shoulder was excellent and the brisket was good as well but a little fatty. I really enjoyed the Mexican fajita bar, with the barbacoa being one of the most tasty buffet meats I've enjoyed in quite a while. If you enjoy like I do you'll like their seafood station. They feature king and snow crab legs which are served hot and cold and were tasty and fresh without being stringy. One older guy who was sucking down crab legs when we arrived and still going strong as we left so he apparently approved of them. The chilled shrimp cocktail shrimp were tasty and the scampi had one of the largest shrimp I've seen anywhere. The desserts were tasty and featured an enjoyable pecan pie and large ice cream selection among other items.This buffet is a little lacking in selection compared to some others but I enjoyed everything and will return. I'd say this is a 4 star buffet if you like seafood and 3 starts if you're not a fan. With the 2 for 1 special through My Vegas this was an even better deal!
3	This was the only buffet we tried (first time visitors) so we don't have anything to compare it to in town. It was nice and at $40/pp reasonably priced. The variety is small but great tasting, and I could have eaten the Na'an all night. The husband enjoyed the brisket. Everything was clean and bright but a bit too cafeteria style for my taste. Overall I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if it's convenient it's a good option.
5	Let me start by saying when I booked my 4 day culinary excursion to Las Vegas, it included 2 free buffets at The Aria. That means that my friend and I had a $68 credit for the Buffet for 4 days. This is FAT BOY status...::grinch smile =). Aria also has a $12.99 Bottomless Wine, Mimosa, Beer, Heineken, Peach Bellini, Sangria, Mimosa, list is endless, drinky drink thing you can add on to any buffet. That itself is worth it's weight in gold!The flippin desserts!! They are world class! I'm pretty sure the people that make the dessert at Jean Phillipe downstairs make the desserts for the buffet. Just when you thought it couldn't get any better they add the new gelato "wheel of fortune" machine. I loved the Mandarin Yuzu flavor, it was a citrus explosion! Not too sour, not too sweet, and Yuzu has such a unique flavor. I destroyed the Vanilla Dulche Brownie flavor as well. Ahhh...so many flavors, so little time. Red Velvet Cupcakes, Strawberry Cheesecake with the little Aria chocolate square stuck in the middle like a ninja star, the Blood Orange Panna Cotta, The Carrot Cake, The Flan with the Raspberry on top...Raspberry plus Flan = Fireworks! My absolute favorite is the Pecan Pie. My friend's mom makes it every new year and I tell her that I will pay her for racks of this stuff, but she never believes me! Aria does not play they add a dollop of espresso, then they stack a little chocolate surfboard on top that with some gold specks. On the side of the plate is a streaky blob of caramel sauce. Heaven on earth! My slogan was Pecan Pie? Das Eriday! The Espresso takes it from great to amazazing! That is just some of desserts!Remember there's still food! I always hit up the carving station. I just get the juicy wings off the roasted chicken and a couple pieces of brisket with some bbq sauce. Hits the spot everytime. Then I hit up the crab legs, not just crab legs. Aria knows better than that! They are pre-split in half!  So you just grab your mountain of crab and just pick out the meat. Everytime I eat crablegs, I get mad because they are not split this way. I liked the little fish and chips that came in a little fryer basket too. I kept it simple and rotated everything that I mentioned for 3 days, the 4th day we ate at Sage. Lunch is only $23 with the bottomless drink $13. You seriously cannot beat that! Having it included with your stay is just stupid good. Tip: If the line is long, go on the left side for Sky Suites members and you can just skip on in! Then, you can watch the line as you eat like a bowss!
2	There's nothing so spectacular here that warrants a really great review. The food was mediocre - definitely not what I expected from such a new, and excitingly modern hotel. Crab legs were cold, and nothing really jumped out and screamed "FRESH!" To me. However, they do have moscato d'asti on the "all you can drink" additional option (for $12) - so I was able to get my money's worth out of that. I'm disappointed I paid full price for the dinner buffet. Rookie mistake. I wouldn't return.
1	This place is a joke. We got charged $45pp for a holiday (Chinese New Year). Last time I checked I don't have off for that "holiday" and neither do the schools. The food was horrible. The crab legs were so thin with hardly any meat inside them, the sushi was nasty, there was no variety of Italian food but plenty of variety of Asian food. The bread was hard and just crumbled when I tried to butter my roll. Dessert was a little better but still needs improvement. I would never go to this buffet again if it was free. Save your money and go to the buffet at the M it's so much better.
4	Four stars for being gluten friendly. That's pretty legit. Every little substation tells you if there are any gluten-free options in their area. It wasn't perfectly explained... meaning, you kind of have to walk around a bit to understand what you can and can't eat... but once you get the hang of it, blammo.I don't usually use that word but I figured it was a good time to start. Blammo.The dessert area was dope. The crab legs were a lot of work, as expected. The paella was bomb. Actually, it wasn't paella. It was jambalaya. Still. Super bomb.Bathrooms were nice. Hostesses were kinda meh. Overall, I'd come back if I was in the ARIA and I wanted to gain five or six pounds.
2	Oh man, where to start this sad story? The only thing worth mentioning are the dumplings in the Asian station everything else was lack luster. The fried rice tasted more like paella than fried rice and the noodle soup might as well been a carnival game since there was no ways to get any noodle in your bowl. The carving station offered a brisket that could have only been prepared by a rookie since it had no smoke ring and was as tough as a rubber sole. Stay clear of the Latin station everything was over cooked. Didn't try the fish market but seeing crawfish on ice told me everything I need to know. Dessert were good.
4	Their buffet is Superior!Let me start by saying its worth it's price if you are hungry or had a special or it's comped during your stay. The food / service are amazing, they steamed by iced seafood which made me smile. The crab legs come in half cut so no need to fight your way from the to the claw, just peel or fork it all up. Comes cold or steamed. They have all types of food from the seafood section to like a wheel of fortune ice-crew, the sliced beef was so juicy as well and always ask for an extra slice. If the line is long and your staying there, try to go through the sky suites line and charge to your room. A little perk to get inside as the other just sit and wait, tip your mimosa cup and carry on!Amazing feature: all you can drink beer and cocktails (picture below) it's about $15 and to start your day go to the lunch buffet and come pre-game there!
2	*sigh* Now let me start by saying I'm a native Las Vegan so I am basically a buffet expert. This buffet is sorry. The only reason my mom and I came here was because we received a 2 for 1 voucher for lunch. Literally the only two things I remember about this buffet are the crab legs and the clam chowder. If I come here again it's gonna be strictly for the crab. For the Aria to be so beautiful and one of the newer properties on the strip, I was very disappointed. Their prices need to come down about $10 before I go there again. It just wasn't worth it. I see why they were giving out 2 for 1 comps.I did appreciate that the crab legs were already opened and that you could get them steamed or cold. That was really nice.
4	We saw all the mixed reviews and were a little hesitant, but we were pleasantly surprised.  The nan station was awesome. Seafood was pretty fresh. Overall everything was pretty good. The only thing that wasn't great was some of the desserts were really dry, like the coconut macaroons for example. The two whoopie pies were really good though.  I wanted to try the gelato but was too stuffed!
3	It was ok. Th crab legs are split which makes it to where you have to eat twice as many. Everything else was pretty standard. Honestly you can get the same thing at harrahs but cheaper.
3	Good food, and an excellent dessert selection, but not worth paying over $40/person for the gourmet dinner on the weekends. I was expecting quite a bit more selection or higher quality for that price.
5	I eat gluten free 100% of the time.  I have to, or I get sick for 48 hours :(  Buffets are usually a nightmare, but how amazing is this place?  An ample variety of gluten free labeled dishes (including dessert!  tiramisu!) and care to avoid cross contamination.  This is what I ate:gluten free pizzachicken curry with basmati ricesalmontzatziki w/vegetablesfruitturkey breastbroccolinimashed potatoestiramisuIt was all fresh and well-seasoned.  Best buffet experience ever! I didn't do the $12.99 bottomless beverages because it wasn't that kind of trip, but I'd be more than happy to add grapefruit mimosas to my next visit.  The restaurant is also clean, spread out, modern and open feeling.  Our server was AMAZING - I always had a fresh glass of iced tea with a new lemon in front of me.  Will definitely be back, I go to LV 1-2/x year and I think I just found a new go-to buffet.
3	From 1 being horrible and 5 being awesome:Food - 3Service - 4Price - 2There are much better buffets than this one.  Food was pretty good, but the selection was not very good.  I'm not a picky Eater and it was hard to find food that looked good.  I would give it a 2, but I just didn't like the selection that much.
1	I don't know where to start first. My wife and I ate her on Valentine's Day and was very disappointed. First the aria is a beautiful property so we thought the buffet would be awesome as well. We wanted to do a fine dining restaurant but the lines were long and some you needed a reservation. We should of looked at the lay out before we paid. Let's start at the meat station, they were carving hot dogs rolled in some sort of dough that. The salads at the salad station wasn't cold and the fish market had crayfish on Ice that wasn't seasoned. The only good thing about the crayfish was the chef cooking them for us and adding some more seasonings. I had to wait sometime because when I asked the cook he said let me get the chef. Didn't understand that when I saw him cooking fish on the grill already. But all in all it was probably better the chef cooked them anyway because I didn't see anyone washing there hands. The chef was very pleasing and paid close attention to our needs. Chef T was the high point of our experience there. Thanks a bunch. The desserts were the best thing they had going. By passed the Asian and Italian so I can't say much about those areas. Highly disappointed and would not return.
4	Went here week day for lunch... About $25.  Split snow crab legs, hot and cold... loved it. mussels, clams,good,  craw-fish was too much work,  Asian dim sum, OK, fish and chips, lots of ice cream and desserts, gotta go back the next trip.  Too full to go to the carving station.  They drop off a thermos of coffee, don't have to find them for a refill....
4	This buffet was delicious. They had all sorts of food and desserts. The staff was very helpful and willing to go above and beyond for you. Place is really nice, everything is delicious.
5	This review is for breakfast. I tend to only do buffets in Vegas and I never give 5 stars but I just couldn't believe my eyes when we walked in at 0930 and there was an entire seafood section with jumbo shrimp and crawfish and mussels and clams and the list goes on.But the real highlight were the best har gow I've ever had. I ate10 bucks worth of har gow.  If eating jumbo shrimp is not your thing for breakfast, then try the omelette station, the waffle station, the list goes on. We ate at Spices the day before and there is just no comparison.  Had we upgraded to the alcohol package they had premium wines to choose from for just 12.99 additonal to the 19.99 buffet. The coffee was delicious and when you consider that just one starbucks black is 4 bucks, this buffet is a steal.Their almond croissants with marzipan were out of this world.
3	I think a review of 3 for a ok is about right.    The prime rib was pretty good vs other places I've tried.  I didn't try their other carved meats like their chicken, brisket, ham etc however they all looked delicious.  The mac and cheese and other sides were amazing.Reason i only give it a 3 is because for a buffet to get anything higher i think the food should not taste like "buffet" food.   Especially when your dropping 40 to 50 bucks including tax and tip.   Some buffets do this.   Aria doesn't.   I think for less money you could go to any of the lower end hotels and still get the same buffet and same food.  Aside from the carved meat station and the seafood (crab legs and peeled shrimp) everything else wasn't even good it was average at best.   Mexican food stale.  Asian food stale and horrible.   The rest were standard things like fried chicken breasts potato wedges etc.If your gonna come here go straight to the carved meats (rotisserie chicken, prime rib, brisket, etc).  Otherwise if your looking for the same quality but save some money go to planet hollywood or anywhere else its cheaper.I still think rio buffet was one if the best I've had.
2	This is one expensive lunch buffet at $35 a person and does not deliver. For starters they are very slow to seat you, even though it appeared that 1/3 of the seats were openI thought the selection was just lacking, they had a mediterranean sections but only had dipping sauces with no pita or pita chips.  In addition they had no meats in their mediterranean sections; I was hoping to see kebabs of some sort.  Also the naan maker was broken so that didn't help their score either.  The dessert bar is actually awesome with a great selection; and is the only reason why I gave this place 2 stars not 1.   I would recommend skipping this buffet and eating at one of many celebrity chefs options in Vegas.
5	*Food Allergy Review*They had a great selection of Gluten Free items.  All GF items had an asterisk next to the name.  Pizza, desserts, Italian, India, Latin, etc. all had GF options, and they were all very tasty.  It's good to know that there's a reliable place I can go to when I'm in Vegas.
3	Great for breakfast.  Good selection of items for everyone.  Fresh and hot items too.  For about $20 pp, it's a better deal than buying from the hotel cafe market where a breakfast sandwich is already $14.
5	The Aria Buffet is excellent for those that want the taste of a fine restaurant but also want the ease and assortment that you will find in a buffet. Their stations are manned with an exceptional number of employees and are always in stock with their items. This is your chance to pair foods from their tastes. For example I had the Spanish rice with cilantro with my salmon from the seafood section. They also had 3 different types of crab legs! I don't usually eat pie but when I saw their apple pie next to their assortment of ice cream flavors, I just had to have dessert. The only thing is it was a little in the pricey end as it came out to $80 for two but you're at the Aria what did you expect?
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 11/100I'll go down on an avalanche with this one and say that seafood and exotic food - mediteranean & indian - lovers, you will love this place. Baba Ghanoush, lamb curry, king crab legs, mussels, clams etc. are scattered along the recently renovated buffet area and you have the whole left portion of the aisle for dessert. This is where I come in.Over the years, I've trained myself two disciplines at the buffet 1) eat a small portion of everything 2) get cookies and flan for appetizers, salad for first main course and the carbs for second main! I mean it's not all the time we go to a buffet so number 2 happens more often than I'd want it to. What I'm trying to say is, you do not want to miss out on dessert at the strip buffets, aria is no exception.On top of getting fancy with the food names, aria offers a good round of high quality sweets for comparatively less than what you'd pay for it you got them individually outside. I wasn't too crazy about the salads though, and the fact that there was a lonely toaster by the bread area.  Mommy thought it was an artistic touch - take it from someone who loves being in the kitchen. Papa stuck to getting some crab legs in every round. I got cookies for appetizers, he got crabs. We're almost always this way. Thankfully, I'm bent on keeping my cookie cravings to 2013. Next trip here, I may actually try the salad. Mmm actually, let me give this place a 3.6, pretty much because I kept wishing they had more variety of sushi - maybe salmon, sweet egg etc. Next one to try is the Paris buffet but that's probably set for later this year.
3	I went to the Aria buffet for the first time last night.I honestly can't comment on the price, as a friend paid for the dinner.I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the place.  It was bright, and open, and very appealing.  The server was polite when taking drink orders and clearing plates.The selection was very impressive.  Curries, sushi, pizza, meats, and LOTS of seafood.The quality of the food was standard buffet quality, except for the seafood.  I really didn't care for any of it.  The mahi mahi was cold...not even lukewarm, but cold.  The New Zealand mussels were chewy, and the seafood jambalaya was REALLY fishy.I was very impressed with the fact that they have so many gluten free options.  Everything is well labeled, so there really isn't much guesswork.My favorites of the night were the salad, the risotto, all the food at the Tandoori station (curries, etc), the chicken pot stickers, and the mac n cheese.Now, I have to tell you..the pasta was WAY overcooked and it was kind of mushy, but that's how I like my "comfort food" style mac n cheese.  I actually went back for seconds.  The desert station was huge, and beautiful.  I only had room for a bite or two of cheesecake but that was good too.I probably would not go back, because I hear that its a fairly expensive buffet, and I'm cheap.  But if you have $30-$50, the quality of the food is pretty standard.
3	Last week I sampled the buffets at both Aria and Bellagio. I'm sure some will disagree, but after trying both, I'd opt for Aria. And I generally hate buffets.Variety was pretty good at both, but I thought on the whole the food at Aria was much better for just about everything. I tried a lot of different flavors, Mediterranean, Latin, Tandoori, Italian, Asian. Everything was really tasty here. Their Fish Market had some really outstanding whitefish. The only thing I came away a bit disappointed with was the Asian. I was really looking forward to this, but they came up short here. Generally bland dim sum, rice and stir fry. They need to do a little work on this part of the world, but even so, I think I'd go back for lunch.
2	We weren't sure if we wanted to try Arias Sunday Brunch when we love the Bellagio's buffet so much, but decided to try since we loved our stay at Aria.The Yelp's were all over the place so wasn't sure what to believe.Here is the real deal:Perspective: Bellagio's brunch buffet is 5x better. Wynn is 2x better.Paris is about the same.Aria's was good but not even close. Less selection, less variety, not glamorous looking, etc. For example, the cheese area consisted of 2, yes, 2 kinds of cheese...Swiss and Cheddar...really??Granted, there was ethnic variety with Indian, Chinese, Mediterranean, etc. but it felt more like a buffet at a Marriott than Sunday brunch in Vegas.
4	I tought the buffet was a little pricy at first (30$ + taxes and service on for a sunday brunch), but honnestly this is one of the greatest buffet I went to. Lot of choice, great selection of meat, asian food, dessert, seafood, sandwiches breakfast items... I only wish I was more hungry when I was there! Its worth the price, plus if you have comps on your m-life card you can redeem them there.
2	Meh........ too expensive wasnt the best or worst buffet but i really wouldnt do it again
2	Went for the brunch and it did not exactly dazzle me.  First, no king crab legs.  Second, no oysters.  The clams were good and the dim sum was excellent but other brunch items were standard.  Our server gave us attitude at first but eventually came around after we made it clear that we noticed his negative behavior.Overall it was a decent brunch, but given the plethora of brunch options in Vegas.  Next time i will pass.
2	Buffet snobs can boo and hiss all they like, I don't' care; I like buffets and that's that!  Unless it happens to be pretty crappy - like this one.   Holy moses - what a difference a mere six months make.  Less than a year ago this buffet would have been rated 4 stars - now it's barely worth half of that.  Presentation absolutely sucks.  You serve yourself out of these crazy saucepans that are all the rage now, you know, the kind grandma used to have - except the cooking is nowhere near as good.  The whole thing is clumsy and impractical - you have to keep lifting lids- placing them on the side, taking the food, replacing the lid back again and rinse and repeat over and over.  It's annoying, it's inconvenient and a great way to make sure you are so frustrated you just bypass those damned pots altogether.  Perhaps this is a sneaky trick to make us eat less - that must be it - they're looking out for our health! There are lots of different stations but none really wow - it's like they've tried to specialize in every kind of cuisine out there without really nailing a single one.  There are the Mediterranean and Italian sections serving the usual suspects, all average quality - nothing that truly stands out, there is Indian food which turned out to be just okay too, an Asian section, where other than noodles, not much else is worth noting, a carving station which is actually pretty good but when we asked for the cuts to be heated on the grill for a few seconds they said they couldn't because the chef had asked for the grill to be turned off - ONE HOUR BEFORE closing time!  Ridiculous.  In fact, while we were in the line waiting to get in, again more than an hour before closing time, someone from the kitchen actually came over and right in front of all the waiting guests, asked the hostess if they should replenish the food!  Clearly the level of professionalism at this place knows no bounds.For an establishment to charge so much per person and then do such a half-assed job is really disappointing.  If you do fancy a buffet in the city center area, your money is better spent at the Cosmopolitan.   Two stars on the strength of the dessert and ice cream options which were admittedly great, otherwise thoroughly unimpressive. Okay, rant over.
2	My wife and I came here several years ago and loved the place.  We decided to stop by again and what a mistake it was.  The food selection was very limited.  The taste was ok.  I was anticipating to have lobster tail but apparently they did away with it.  We were disappointed.   One good thing, there was no line.  We were seated immediately on a Saturday night for dinner.
5	We have been to all of the buffets on the strip over time.  I will tell you that for the price and quality, this is one of the best!  Clean, fantastic quality of seafood and so many other items to choose from if you are not a seafood person.  GREAT buffet!
4	Used comps from MyVegas here, they are a great value for the buffets.  So with buffets, I like to do a wide sampling to start, which Aria was great for.  They have a stations featuring a selection of cuisines, all done well, Asian, Italian, Indian, Latin, etc.  Some really surprisingly good choices were things like the mushroom polenta, the Brussels sprouts with bacon, and the cured salami.  I then like the focus in on the seafood, which they have a nice variety of here.  They were grilling up mahi mahi and swordfish so I got both of these, excellent.  Also had plenty of NZ green mussels, and the crab legs - which are pre-split for you, saving a lot of work.  Save room for dessert!  A huge dessert selection, loved the raspberry panna cotta and the flan the most.  Also, the have a good selection of gelato.  It might be expensive for a normal meal, but glad we had the MyVegas points to use on this.
4	This was my first experience with a Vegas buffet.  A co-worker suggested trying the Aria buffet as my first one.  They were definitely on to something.  That place is fantastic!! All you can eat gourmet food including sushi, turkey, crab legs, Indian food, stir fry, assorted meats and cheeses, dim sum and so on.  The list seems endless. All amazing food, with great spices and flavors. To accompany the great food, they offer bottomless drinks for $12.  Well worth it, if you ask me. White and red sangrias were flowing to our table.  As if that wasn't enough for you, they have an assortment of Gelato. I had to roll out of the buffet into the casino.  If you need a great buffet to hit up while gambling in Vegas, go to the Aria!
5	For awhile now I have been combing through all of the reviews on here about the Aria buffet and a I finally decided on my next trip to Vegas regardless of all the mediocre and negative reviews,  I would give them a chance.  I am a huge advocate for good customer service and I had read several reviews on here that rated this buffet poor in customer service.  I told the person I had the buffet with to keep in mind that this place is not known for their customer service so don't expect much.  I highly recommend giving this buffet a try. Our server was oustanding.. Her name is Catalina.  She greeted us with a smile, brought drinks and refills very quickly.  She cleared down our dirty plates in a timely fashion. She offered coffee at the end of the meal. She gave top notch service from beginning to end.        Now for the food review,  we came specifically to eat breakfast since the place we regularly used to enjoy breakfast,  the M resort,  no longer serves breakfast as a buffet.The food was great.  They offer bacon like all places, but also turkey bacon which you don't usually see.  What I had, I enjoyed.  I had an egg white omelet with mushrooms and cheese, bacon, hash browns and some French Toast sticks. By the time I finished my plate, the buffet turned over for lunch.  They had a lot of appetizing dishes. I look forward to my next visit.
1	Our seats were shaking from people walking past our table next to the handicap ramp and the food wasn't the best quality. Crab legs were dry and the fruit looked like it was sitting out too Long. There are much better buffet deals in Vegas.
4	Can't go wrong with a free buffet. Thanks to myVegas (free app and Facebook game) I was able to get enough points for a comped lunch buffet.I waited far too long for them to ring me up because of computer issues -- shutting down, rebooting. I feel like there has to be a more efficient way. Then, no one seemed interested in seating me. Two women were chatting in a very intense -- and loud -- conversation while two other workers were trying to get their attention. It was awkward and definitely unprofessional on their part.The buffet has such variety that it's overwhelming. How about I have some Latin with a side of Chinese and Mediterranean, then feast some more on Italian. I guess I liked the variety, but nothing really stood out. A few highlights were the guacamole: chunky avocado and tomatoes with some kick. I was expecting it to taste store bought, but it's definitely made from scratch. The tabbouleh was also very good, and I was surprised they even had Korean kimbap rolls.The desserts were the best part. I indulged in the coffee ice cream (scooped by someone via a giant ice cream wheel), cheesecake and red velvet whoopie pie. It was far too much but all really good. I liked that all of their offerings were mini-sized rather than a full-sized cooke or dessert shot.The service was also better than I expected. Whenever I left for more food, my plate was gone by the time I came back. And even though I ordered just a water to drink, it was always refilled before the glass emptied.
5	Love this buffet! We have done all of them. Bellagio, Silverton, Bacchanal (excellent), Wynn, Terribles (yuck), but we always end up here time and time again. Maybe because we love the snow crab legs. So until we find another GOOD VALUE buffet, we'll keep coming back.
4	Best Buffet in Las Vegas!!!! I go here all of the time! They do need to make regular pumpkin pie though, they only have pecan and pumpkin mix.
1	Terrible.  Overpriced and the food is close to inedible.  The "eggs benedict" were a runny mess smeared on my plate. Noodles were gross.  All the food was flat and shapeless.It probably didn't help that I stood 30 mins in line for no apparent reason since there were plenty of empty tables in the place.
4	The reason this gets 4 stars is I used myvegas points to go to it and you don't have to wait in line. Love plugging a facebook game that wastes 200 hours of time for a free buffet playing it!! Actually the more I think about it, I would probably give this 4 stars even without myvegas but  I would never pay full price for this buffet .Its missing a couple of things to put it to that elite, lets gain 40lbs for the night, level.  I went here starving after golf. So I tried a lot of things!  I loved  the prime rib and cut crab legs! I enjoyed the chicken at the carving station as well.  The sushi selections were awful. The Italian station had some great meats and I loved the mushrooms. The mahi-mahi was very good. Loved the sauce it was in. I cant stand most Indian food so I avoided that area as I didn't want to curry myself away in a bag. The Asian noodles were decent. The service was very attentive. Drinks always filled and plates quickly grabbed. Overall I would definitely come again and will probably waste more time on facebook building up to another free meal!!
1	Been here many times I would give a 3 star but today is the worst experience ever, food taste bad, seafood not fresh, sushi without fish only veggies, no prime rib, and not many choice. I literally have nothing to eat. Very very disappointed.
2	I don't know what's wrong with the food, this is my second time here, 6 months ago the food they're serving is pretty good, with variety choices, but today all the meat I had is over cooked, super dry, seafood paella look like smushed rice stir with some dry up seafood, the steam clam look like clam in mud, the only good thing is the crab leg is not over cooked.  Dessert is not bad, still many choices, coffee gelato is good. Anyways very disappointing!
4	Went during Sunday brunch (3/30/14) the price was reasonable at 29.99 per person although alcohol was not included, had a lot of choices including crab legs, oysters & Mediterranean food on top of the typical buffet food. Our waitress was super friendly, but the cashiers need to adjust ther attitudes. Overall food was good, just stay away from the sushi.
1	Within 60 minutes of eating at the Aria Buffet two members of our dinning party came down with food poisoning. we ate dinner at 6:00 PM and had only had plain bagels for breakfast that morning. Both members of our party were ill for the remainder of the trip and stayed in their hotel rooms. When we called early  the next morning to ask if others had become ill we were told nobody had called and they served over 2,000 people and there was no way we became ill from eating there. We don't know if others called after we did. But seemed odd that the "manager" could be sure that we did not get sick from eating there. He told me to call security and file a report. I asked him what good that would do my wife and he said he did not know but that was what we needed to do. No apology, no empathy. Keep in mind we paid $75 (per couple) for this meal and one would expect better than this.As a result we will never set foot in another MGM property again. The situation was handled poorly.
2	This is absolutely not a quality buffet. First off, food quality was very bad. Most of the food items were too dry or either too salty. Second, there was a limited selection. Yeah they had seafood, Mexican, Asian, etc. but selection was still very very limited compared to other hotel buffets in the surrounding area. Save yourself some time and money and goto Bacchanal buffet in Caesars Palace or Mandalay Bay.
4	This is one of the best buffets on the strip.  We come here whenever we can casue of the crab legs they are always delicious and fresh and you can get them hot or cold, and they have tons of seafood options from shrip and oysters to king crab legs to snow crab legs and the list goes on.The rest of the buffet is supper good and the drinks they have there are good as well especially the bottomless beet and whie type thing is a good deal if your going to be there for a hour or two.Can't wait to go back for the crab legs ...yum
2	I just drove home from Vegas and wanted to give my review of Aria's buffet. We used a 2 for 1 comp here, so this made the whole experience a bit easier all around. Knowing we did not spend $35 each helped us not feel cheated. We did purchase the $12.99 all you can drink sangria, wine, and beer. I stayed with the weak Sangria as I did not want to get drunk, I wanted to enjoy the food. I should have opted for drunk as the food was not good . There were stews (Chinese), stews (Indian) and more stews (fish, shellfish); boring, ugly and lazy for a buffet. Why have a tandoor if you are not going to cook nan to order? The nan was cold, and crisp and no one was there, at any time, to cook some up fresh. (And it appeared and tasted like the tandoori chicken was NOT cooked in the tandoor...perhaps baked?!) Sushi was stale and sloppy looking. Clams gritty. Cold prawn pasty and muddy tasting. Crab...well it was so small it was not worth the effort. Most certainly the cheapest they could find. Prime rib: flavorless (but at least there was both cream and grated horseradish). Sure there were lots of roasted meats offered on the carving stations so for some, this is a big plus, I am sure. Other than the flirty gentleman serving ice cream everyone there seemed angry and short. No one smiled, no one was pleasant. Our waitress scored a big tip because she at least kept the sangria coming, but even she seemed ready to go home (we got there at 8:15pm for a buffet that closes at 10pm). We tried to leave with a glass of sangria, and the woman at the front almost jumped down our throats and told us we needed to drink it there. ( I have half a mind to say "Fine, but you know what, we were told at 9:50 it was the last we could get as the bar was closing yet the "rules" of the unlimited says two hours. So I will sit here, and BTW, I have another 25 minutes I could be drinking." Mind you. we were being rushed out of the place because they were closing. yet this abrupt woman was telling us to sit and drink it. I felt sorry for those customers who were rushing to get food and did not seem happy about the closing of the buffet before being able to enjoy it. If you want everyone out at 10...then don't close at 10!!!) Back to the sangria. We pounded it and then promptly went back to our hotel which was NOT the Aria. If I cannot take a glass of sangria I paid for,(and was being rush, in my seat, to finish before 10pm) to the casino floor to gamble, then I leave.  Bad move Aria, you lost my evening gambling money. Can I say anything good about this buffet? Nope!
1	Had a comp for 2 dinners thanks to my Vegas on Facebook. I had high hopes because its Aria...what a major let down. Even at no out out of pocket cost other than tip, this place sucked. We got there fairly early for dinner and I was excited for a free yummy meal.....major disappointment. The pizza looked like it had sat out all day and when they finally put out a fresh one, the crust was limp and not cooked through. The brisket was dry and all the food I tried was under seasoned. Ate at the bellagio buffet the night before an hour before closing and was worried the food would not be fresh...not the case...the best buffet food I've ever had....skip Aria and hit up Bellagio instead. You won't regret it.
2	Thank goodness this lunch buffett was free for me, because the service and food was terrible. Small glass of soda and I only got 1 refill when my glass set empty for quite some time. It was not busy in my servers area, so no excuses.Food was not very good and was surprised that they had peel and eat shrimp for the prices they charged, and not shrimp already peeled. Crab legs for lunch but no tools to crack them. Not very many stations with different food being offered as other buffets. Asian gentleman at the dessert station was not friendly and does not need to be in a customer service role
4	NEWLY RENOVATED Buffet at Aria. For those who have eaten here in the past, Let's me tell you The Buffet at Aria has undergone a huge overhaul of its old buffet and it now looks better and fresher than before to try and compete with Wicked Spoon and most of all The Bacchanal Buffet. From what I read online, they spent nearly 3.5 millions to makeover their old buffet.Here's a Full Steady HD Tour of the Newly Renovated  "The Buffet" at Aria that I recorded over the past weekend. or just go on youtube and type " Newly Renovated Buffet at Aria."or click on the YouTube link below to watch my video that I recorded of the buffethttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYpILdqTXyIThe video was recorded during the dinner rush. It costs 40 bucks for dinner. This is the only buffet I believe to have Alaskan King Crab legs on the Strip. Even Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace doesn't have King Crab Legs. They have a varieties of Sushi rolls to choose from. They even serve jumbo shrimp that I don't see at other buffets on the strip.They even have a cool rotating Ice Cream Bar.Overall, I have to say this Newly Renovated Buffet is definitely up to par with Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal Buffet.Like I said above, If you guys want to see how the newly renovated buffet looks like I have recorded a HD video of the newly makeover Buffet at Aria:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYpILdqTXyI
4	this is a regular buffet for us we like the variety here and the food is good and fresh and that the bathrooms are in the restaurant is a plus and don't have to go looking for it.
2	This is an over the top buffet. You can have anything from New Zealand razor clams to crawfish to tandoori to an omelette for your breakfast and it's about $20. I only had breakfast here a few days and though the service was inconsistent and the omelette bar was inconsistent. Fortunately, I never arrived when the insane linens were happening and I wish I could find a good quiet, breakfast spot in Vegas.
2	Not so bad ,however is not the best food. quality is good ,variety not so bad. For those who really enjoy sea food the selection is very good I've been in almost every buffet in Las Vegas And this is not the best Although they have a bottom less wine for 12.99 I've had better, not my tasteI guess the selection of food change over the years I was impressed with the pictures I saw but not anymore
3	Went here for lunch.  Everything took forever.  There were lots of tables but they don't seat you right away.  The drink cups are so small and they don't refill  them right away.  Also they don't refill on the food either.  Lots of empty food trays.  There is one guy at the dessert area and they were completely out of dessert but he remain on the ice cream station not refilling any dessert.Update:  That night I had really bad food poisoning.  Ugh!!!
5	Always hit up this buffet when I'm in Vegas!! So many options for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The whole buffet has been renovated which has made it even better. Not too many places on the strip where you can pile your plate up with crab legs and fancy deserts for 20 Buxx!
2	Quality went way down. Very sad. Looked forward to coming here but disappointed we wasted 38.00 in a Monday for "brunch"
5	What the hell, picky Yelpers! This isn't a 3-star buffet, it's better than that!The buffet is bright and every food station (and item) is clearly labeled. Our server Catalina was very nice, attentive, and she shouldn't be working at a buffet because she was really good.The food was tasty and they had 3 times the selection as Wicked Spoon. The Aria even had some sugar free and gluten free items.This place is better than the 3-star review.
2	Never again. We had two free vouchers so we went for lunch and I'm so glad that I didn't have to pay for this meal. They had seafood, Asian, Indian, Mediterranean, and different meats as well as a variety of desserts.  We tried a little of almost everything and our tastebuds were bored at best.  I would not come back to this buffet unless it was free again.
4	I have been to the Aria buffet quite a few times.  I use my points from "myvegas" to get 2 for 1.  We like to go at lunchtime because its 25.00 for 2 people to eat with my discount.  My husband really enjoys the shrimp, and most of the seafood. I am a vegetarian and I love the cold salads, especially the one with brussel sprouts.  Everything is usually clearly marked, and kept at the right temperature.  I have not been disappointed.  I'm not sure I would pay double this amount for a lunch, but definitely worth the 2 for 1.  I also like the way it is categorized into different groupings such as "Mediterranean" "Italian" "tandoori" .  I think it is a well thought out, put together buffet.
4	Great food.Plenty of options!Good service (although slow at times) Their sandwiches and Mac n cheese were my faves!For 23.99$ per person for lunch is a great deal!
2	Not much to say about this mediocre buffet except that it came with my room so the price was right.  Plenty of food but some was inedible.  Didn't get sick though, that's a plus!
2	Food was good! Service was very slow and cold. This is the 2nd time I've come here. The 1st time my daughter 7 at the time she was 6 had a very large piece of glass in her juice and I felt like they only cared about if I was trying to get something for free. Foods good but I don't know if it worth the money or the wait.
2	This is my third trip to Vegas and have stayed at Aria each time. My wife and I where here in October 2012 and we visited the buffet one night for dinner. The price was about the $35 mark and we also brought the drinks package for the $12. We found the food was a great selection and the waitress was always filling our wine glass up each 5 minutes.  So under $100 we had a great value dinner with drinks and found the food was fresh and lots of flavoursThe waitress also told us that in a few months that the buffet was going to be upgraded. On the 4/4/2013 we returned back to Vegas and booked back in with Aria, we had a long flight from Miami and we're starving. So we made our way back to the Buffet for dinner. To our shock the price that night just to eat was $43 each, with taxes our and NO drinks our cost wad $97. But with a new seafood bar we thought it should be worth it. We started at the Chinese section and found the food well below par. We moved onto the "Fresh Seafood bar", I had the prawns, crab legs. I took one bite of the prawns and they had no taste, I then started on the Crab legs and they too had no taste. The taste was like they had been defrosted and left in cold water for hours before been placed in the bar. I left a entire plate of seafood on my table that I was unable to eat. The only saving grace at the buffet is the Red meat section, the beef was full of flavour and had a great pink centre to it. For a price of $100, we were left with a huge disappointment not only from the buffet, but also from the waitress that because we decided not to buy the drinks package we had to ask for water at each time. I doubt that I will every return to the buffet on our next return to Aria.
1	Pricy & gave me diarrhea for two days. One of the reasons why I am vegan now. No need to eat expensive diarrhea food when I can do it for less than $10 at McDonalds!
2	This is probably even a one star because there is very little I liked about the food. I've been to most of the buffets on the strip and this was one of the worst. The quality of food is poor. We only ended up going here because it was complimentary with our hotel stay. My suggestion for people reading this is to go to Caesar's. Far better...The food just wasn't very good. I did like the pizza and it was fresh. Everything else just wasn't to my taste or to anyone else in our groups liking. I wouldn't pay to eat here, seriously not worth eat.
3	Great selection but nothing was amazing. And for $32 on a Saturday that just didn't cut it for me. Not a terrible stop if you're wanting all you can drink as well but it's not a destination by any means.
4	Good food. Lots of choices. Kind of pricey at $25 for a lunch Buffett. Nonetheless if you are looking for a decent buffet, check this place out. At the same time, you could get a great meal for the same price at a restaurant.
5	Any place that serves pork belly wins me over! I was surprised to see that there was pork belly at the carvery. It's been a while since I've been to a Vegas buffet, but it doesn't seem like a common option from what I could remember. There was a large variety of meats at the carvery including chicken, BBQ beef brisket, sausage, pork belly, pork shoulder and more. There was different cuisines from American to Chinese to Italian to Japanese (sushi) and more. They had pretty much anything you can think of and the food was well stocked. It never seem to run out. There was also a good selection of seafood including king crab legs which were quite fresh.The desserts were just as delicious as they looked. The small portions allowed you to try multiple ones. I had the tiramisu, flan, whoopee pie and a few others which were all amazing.I would definitely come back. It was a great value for only $25 a person for lunch. We also had a 2-for-1 coupon from MyVegas which made it an even better value. My two friends also got bottomless alcoholic drinks for $15 each. The variety of bottomless drinks  included bellinis, sangria, different wines and beers, as well as mimosas, champagne and others.
3	The buffet was our least favorite of restaurants on site. I never find any buffet food up to standard as it's just a place to gorge yourself. This was pretty much the same. We wanted to try it because everyone says the buffets in Vegas are the best. The hot foods were mediocre-good, but the desserts were really tasty. Whomever is making those desserts can do with a raise because I went back for seconds.The tandoori chicken at the Indian station sat too long and was dry. The curry was good. Everyone goes mental for pre-cracked crab legs, I never really understood that. They feel as if they are getting one-up on the man if they shove 40 crab legs down their throat. The cioppino was being stored at a very dangerous temperature. I had one sip and realized it wouldn't be wise to continue eating it. The asian station was a step-up mainly because it was busy so the food was being made fresh. The carvery was good as well, the roast chicken was juicy and tasty. The sushi wasn't bad although it wasn't freshly rolled and the choices were limited. Who doesn't love cured meats and cheeses, can't go wrong at the italian station.
3	The Buffet at Aria is a solid choice when you're hungry and you aren't quite sure what you want. That's the reason my husband and I went during our recent stay at Aria. We showed up for a late lunch around 2:30 or so and there wasn't a line, so we were seated immediately.There is a lot to choose from! I sampled the gnonchi with a meat and tomato sauce, several pieces of tuna sushi, California rolls, carnitas, a vegetarian salad with black beans in it, crab legs, fresh fruit, and chocolate cake.  My husband had a similar dining experience. Nothing really stood out as excellent, but everything was good. The atmosphere was nice, and the lady who cleared the plates and refreshed drinks was on top of her game.I'm not sure I'd go rushing back any time soon, unless I stay at the Aria again. I'm happy to have tried it, checked it off my list, and I'm ready to move on.
3	Came here for Memorial Weekend brunch with my guy, impressed by the quality of food and the mega-attentive and friendly service- Flor is a gem!Breakfast options were out in full force, with stars being the smoked eggs benedict available made to order by the omelet station- very tasty! Also memorable were the smoked trout and lox, and I'm a big fan of peel-and-eat shrimp and the ones here were large and meatyAppreciated that there were many healthy options available, including the salad bar, lots of fresh fruit, and various oatmeal/parfait/grits stations with additional toppings.  The charcuterie area was quite nice, too, with a variety of sausages and all of the components for an amazing cheese plate- three cheeses, two dried meats, dried fruits, candied walnuts and roasted cashews. Very classy!Cool to see dim sum available- haven't seen this at other places but wish the selection was a little larger. Was able to have lamb shu mai, and two other mislabelled items, but there seemed to be quite a few baskets out but only a few different items.Was a little surprised to see the carving station available at brunch- BF took advantage of the prime rib, lamb leg, and rotisserie chicken, all of which he said were great. I tried the Yukon gold mashed potatoes, which were like heaven. No exaggeration, they were amazing!Dessert was also impressive- all made by Jean Phillipe, super tasty and beautiful presentation. Chocolate raspberry cake pop was the favorite, would have preferred other cake pop flavors rather than so many plated cake slices. Cookies were dry and crunchy, and I prefer warm and chewy, so I did not sample any. The round, spinning ice cream case was a hit with kids and adults alike.I'm a firm believer in quality and would rather have fewer options that are better-executed than a lot of mediocre dishes out for the sake of variety, so this is a place I prefer over some others.
5	It's much better than I thought by viewing the previous reviews. The classes of food are not that much but the sweet and Asia ones are really good.
3	Nice variety - good price - abundance of food.Some sides/salads are unique in taste like the brussels sprouts salad & the yellow tomato salad.The Snow crab legs evidence thawing from frozen (I don't really mind the fact that they were frozen, but I just wish I didn't see/feel it. To avoid this, just get the steamed ones which taste much better anyway!The desserts are amazing.The servers are below par.
4	The Aria Buffet is actually REALLY GOOD. They use quality ingredients and the offerings definitely do not suffer from "steam table" syndrome. They also had some curry dishes which were quite tasty. We were there for lunch so the pricing was more relaxed ($26.99) and plenty of choices to keep me busy.Service was A+ and right on the ball. We never waited for dishes to be cleared and our beverages always full.I am a fan and as Arnold Schwart says, "I'll be back"!
4	We came here for Saturday Brunch ($29.99). I came in with pretty low expectations from Yelp, but it is one of the few buffets I haven't yet tried on the Strip. Since our weekend was full of trying new things with familiar faces, we all decided to try it out. The wait went by fairly quickly; we came around 12:30pm with a group of 4 and were seated within 15 minutes of when we arrived in line. The place itself is pretty open; it seems updated, but has a fairly simple design. Service was pretty great. Our drinks were never empty and our plates were cleared quickly. As for the food, I thought the variety was pretty exceptional. They had tons of seafood (mostly cold, which I wasn't a super fan of)-- crawfish, 2 different types of mussels, crab legs, sushi, smoked salmon, smoked cod, and a bunch of cooked fish. The crawfish was pretty gross but the other cold seafood dishes were decent. I preferred the cooked fish dishes. There was a bread section, a carving section, Mediterranean, Asian (dim sum), charcuterie, Italian, Indian, breakfast foods, salad bar, seafood station, and dessert station (I may be missing a couple here). My favorite part of this buffet was the made-to-order eggs benedict station! You can choose a traditional benedict, a smoked salmon benedict, or a snow crab benedict-- it definitely makes a difference when made fresh! The creme de la creme was the dessert section! I was so full by this time that I was only able to get a scoop of the mint chip gelato from the rotating ice cream display, but the other desserts looked on point. I thought the price was well worth it here. This is one of the few buffets in Vegas I wouldn't mind revisiting!
5	What?! Amazing! Went when The Aria first opened so it's been a while. Quite surprised to see some bad reviews. Gluten free friendly and large selection of food!
5	Good value and great food.  Smaller buffet than most, but I found it better since it wasn't overwhelming and the options were great!  Lots of seafood.  The brisket was my favorite.  If you want the super large too many options Buffett - This s NOT it.  Its smaller scale yet the options available were HIGH  quality.
4	This was our first buffet in LV and let me tell you, everything was absolutely WONDERFUL. From the staff to the food, it was all good. Way better than the Bellagio! Must go! THANKS ARIA.
4	The food was very fresh and appetizing. We were not sure what to expect but were completely satisfied. I especially liked the dim sum options. They had warm and iced crab legs. The pita bread was made right in front of you. They have a huge gelato selection as well as other desserts.
4	Decent selection but not millions of selections like the more popular ones. I loved the pasta salad which inspired me to recreate that dressing since I loved it so much. That being said I gave it an extra star because I have this one friend who says he could drink that dressing. I think the freshness and the flavors of this buffet were more impressionable than most Vegas buffets. One day I will try the coveted m buffet should the heavens open up and no one is in line.
3	it turns out the Coke machine was broken but they didn't tell us until we paid $120 and sat.. Waiter said to our table  "well what do you want me to do about it?"  (Gee maybe bring cans?) So, no soda. Very very slow waiter and management response.  Many people were asking for waters still waterless even after they were on their at the second plate from the buffet. Many tables were not bussed during entire meal.Poor service marred the otherwise outstanding buffet choices.
5	This buffet is a little pricey, but so worth it!  The dim sum was good.  The steamed crab legs were very tender and so worth the work.  Sometimes with buffets the desserts look good, but disappoint.  That is not the case here all the desserts we tasted were good!
5	One of the best buffets been too that catering to the vegan or allergic community Including variety of Indian dishes and made to order gluten free pizza and gluten free desserts...---really made us happy to feel welcome .Even The executive chef came out to answer questions.
3	When I first walked in, I had to wait a few minutes to sit down. I'm sure it was not because it was full but because the lack of efficiency of the staff set up. They either didn't have enough hosts or they don't have a good system.The place is very nice, I love the atmosphere and the low tones lighting blends really well with the natural light coming in from the windows, obviously this was in the day time, I came at 9AM to get some breakfast. Host was nice and greeted me with a smile, and she asked how I was doing and seemed pretty sincere when she asked me. She sat me at the table and just told me that I can go ahead and help myself, which makes sense... its a buffet.As soon as I go to the main area looking for eggs, I asked one of the cooks that serve food in the islands, where I could find the eggs and seemed a little bothered that I asked him.He did tell me that if I wanted an omelette it was in one direction but if I wanted just eggs hey were in the opposite direction. But he said it in a way like if I was supposed to know.I got my food and sat at the table. The server came asking if I needed anything and she was very nice and smiling all the time. She actually made up for the cool that made me feel bad for asking where the food was at.She looked stressed out but regardless she managed to keep a smile. Her name is Alicia. Kudos to her.Now let's talk about the food, the meat and potatoes of a restaurant.First of all I'm pretty health conscious and always want to make sure to ask a fee questions about he food.So I grabbed a bowl of oatmeal, I added raisins and a banana to slice it up and put it in my oatmeal along with eggs.First if all, I'm sure the eggs were not cracked there, it was probably egg batter, they didn't look like fresh cracked eggs at all.I asked the waitress if they had coconut or almond milk which they didn't. I don't like to consume too many dairy products, and specially cow milk.Then I asked if the orange juice they had was fresh squeezed and she said that it was all from concentrate. So as far as the quality of the food, it was about a 3 star. Of course I only had a small sample of the variety if food thy have available, but just by those 2 things I already know that the quality of food is not in the top of their priority list.So here's what I say about my first visit here:Atmosphere - 5 StarsStaff Service - 4 StarsFood Quality - 3 StarsVariety of Food - 4 1/2 stars.
4	Black M-Life membership means free buffet!  So dinner at The Buffet?  Why not!If you're expecting to be treated like royalty, get real.  This is a buffet.  Drinks refills will be slow but at least the food quality is great and nothing suffers from being overly-steamed or super frozen.  There's a wide variety of offerings here.  There's mini sub-sections for Chinese food, Indian food, Italian food, and so forth.  They have your standard fare of snow crab legs, Alaskan crab legs, king crab legs, prime ribs, pasta bars, salad bars, fancy desserts, et cetera.  I like how they have sugar-free items and gluten-free items so if you're on a strict diet, you won't be misled.I'm not sure if I would have stopped in if it wasn't for the M-Life membership perks but I will say that they make a delicious panna cotta.  Delicious!
2	Not my favorite buffet in Vegas. The price was pretty similar to The Wicked Spoon but half the selection and quality. The service was also disappointing. The plates were still left on the tables after coming back and drinks were not refilled. Felt like a cafeteria.
4	No line at 2p on Saturday, still pricey at $32 but it's aria. They still had breakfast out, which is fine by me because it was just a small section. Dinner and lunch menu items were out to enjoy. Same variety as other nice casinos. Love the music that they play, very adult contemporary. Quick to pick up our dirty plates, I put them on par though in general
3	Average but I don't consider it the best. If an international buffet serves sushi but no sashimi and charges the guest about 45 USD than somethings wrong. But the service and ambiance makes it an ok place to visit.
3	Since my hubs and BIL haven't been to Vegas or a Vegas buffet, I originally wanted to take them to the best buffet, but decided on this one because the cost was not the cheapest or the most expensive. Overall, I would have to say it was 'a-ok.' The quality of the meat station was impressive, but some of the other stations lacked variety. I was saddened by the Asian cuisine section because they only offered Chinese food...that really wasn't impressive. They did offer seafood, which is always a plus, a station where they make fresh pasta and a gelato bar. I probably wouldn't come here again, unless I got a free meal. This buffet was a bit hard to find for us, since we had never been here before. But if you decided to come, make sure you go up to the second floor. It could be in the middle of the casino, there is an escalator that takes you up or from a front end, where a clothing shop is located.
3	More like 3.5, but couldn't bring myself to a 4 due to the lack of dessert.Came here at 3:15pm for dinner food at the lunch price because that's how I fly.PROS:+Better quality prime rib than most buffets that advertise "Prime Rib". +Pretty good King Crab (not the twice frozen junk at Bellagio where you are biting into a king crab popsicle)+Fresh salmon nigiri (rice under it was cold and hard so I had no problem turning it into sashimi)+Excellent coffee+Good serviceCONS: -Some items they just didn't rotate out. Not that I'd eat pizza at a "higher-end" buffet but having the same pizza with the cold hard cheese sitting there for almost 2 hours didn't present well (The pizza at Bachannal buffet is REALLY good, however).-Desserts. From the small selection that they had, it seemed like anything that looked good was made in a way to appeal to a small amount of people. Either "Gluten Free" or "Sugar Free"...but I just want it to taste good...that's why I came here in the first place...don't need sweetener substitutes that make this thing less than it could be. Also, I'm tired of buffets putting out cupcakes to fill an entire area of the desert section ( I'm looking at you, Planet Hollywood!). I love cupcakes, but if you've ever had a buffet cupcake, you'll know it wasn't made that day or even the day before. It's not moist and it's just a mistake to put on your plate. Well, the whole top row here was cupcakes. The ice cream "wheel of flavors" didn't come near to the quality they have at Bachannal which is really top notch...another dessert disappointment. On the other hand the croissants were good as were the macaroons.Overall I'd come back and pay $23 (lunch) for dinner food. Prime rib and king crab, you can't go wrong.
3	The buffet was good, but not GREAT. I would give it 3.5 if that were possible, because I was satisfied, it's just not something I'm going to be craving. The food was good for the most part and everything was cooked well. I tried a little bit from each section. But I felt that everything was pretty basic and not much really stood out for me. My favorite thing I would say was the salmon. It had this really delicious pineapple/mango salsa on top that was sweet and went very nicely together. The dinner buffet was about $45 per person (4th of July weekend). It's on the strip, so I wouldn't expect much less, but still, just wouldn't go too often.
3	For $45 not necessary worth the price unless you are a PIG that likes average to below average food.  The additional $12.99 for the unlimited drinks for (2 hours) is well worth it...probably more than the food itself.  Treat it like a bottomless bar with all the food you can eat for 2 hours.
4	For only $20 for breakfast, this buffet is actually pretty good.Good food and good selection. Of course since it's breakfast, there won't be as much selection as the dinner menu so that is understandable. For the price, you can't beat it. Everything tasted pretty good from the savory foods to the dessert. Nothing really stood out, but I think you get your moneys worth.The customer service was friendly and nice.The environment was modern looking, a bit plain, but not bad.I would want to come back and try the dinner menu. Hopefully it will be just as good if not better than their breakfast menu =]
3	Went here for a Monday lunch buffet. The boyfriend  and I are loyal myVegas players so we got the 2 for 1 deal. Paid $25 for 2 people. The food was just okay, not great. Definitely not something I would crave or even consider coming back (unless it's free). +1 for having crab legs on a weekday lunch -1 for slow service-1 for RUDE ice cream lady named MARIA. Accused me of leaving dirty plates by her desserts when I was just standing there looking at the ice cream choices. Even after I told her those weren't mine, she continues to accuse me and said she saw me put it there.
5	Ask the hostess to be seated in Alicia's section -- she will bring out the Sierra Nevadas faster than you can drink them. And she'll make your dirty plates disappear before you even know it. Get some shellfish, some Maytag blue cheese, a little dim sum, tiramisu.... and you're good to go!   Thanks, Aria!  Thanks, Alicia! Can't wait to go back!
5	This was probably one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. The variety was large and the food was actually pretty yummy. You have a lot of different genres of food, Asian, sea food, Mediterranean, Latino, American and steaks. The dessert area had gelato looking ice cream, a little more ice cream texture. They also had pastries and cheesecakes. The kids ate everything and I left satisfied and full. Oh I can't forget this part - bottomless BEER, mimosas and Bloody Mary's for $12.99 so so so WORTH IT.
2	"Tip the waitstaff!! Way overated!!!"Desserts were good..but the Mexican,Italian and seafood sections were sub-par.Pizza was far from fresh.Prime rib was decent. Was hoping it would be as good as the Wynn or the Bellagio..not even close,sorry. Better than {Circus-Circus though} Our waitress {Debbie} worked hard ,a large table of Chinese visitors {6 adults,4 children}had her running as they consumed miles of Crab legs and needed dishes cleared as the waved her away when she asked if she could get them anything else.,then spent an hour on their cell phones..I noticed they left NO tip..nothing..SHAMEFUL!! She said its ok when I asked her if they left her anything..said she was just happy to have her job! We tipped her well...Tip your servers..Geez!!!!!
5	Great buffet with TONS of options. You want noodles for breakfast? What about oysters on the half shell? Pizza? You got it! Pretty clean, great selection, good service, short lines.... I wish I could say more... It's just a really solid buffet!
4	Amazing for breakfast.I can eat their biscuits n gravy all day any day.
4	We went to go see a show at Aria & stopped here for dinner. Overall I was really pleased with this buffet - loved the variety and the fresh made naan! The desert bar was ok, but the made up for it almost everywhere else!Service was great - helpful & quick to clear our table without being obnoxious .
5	I can't usually do a buffet justice but I went back four times for more food. It had some of the best variety I've ever seen. There was sushi, endless shrimp and crab legs, muscles, clams, crawfish, oysters...all delicious. There was an olive, meat, and cheese area. Thought I died and went to heaven. I was able to try out some Mediteranian food which I'd never had before. The list goes on and on.Our waitress was quick to replenish drinks and wisk away dirty plates. She was also very good natured which can make or break any dining experience.The dessert portion was meh but I'm not a huge dessert person. We had a 2 for 1 coupon which helped keep costs down. We ended up paying just under $20 each. It is a costly buffet but well worth it. I'm dreaming about the day we can go back.
5	Aria what happened? You were our favorite.  Never again.  There was not one thing to put in my mouth and smile about......  Just average.  And below average   Shame on you
4	I haven't tried enough buffets in Vegas to give this place 5 stars, but I suspect it might be worth it. We came here because it was a package deal with Zarkana tickets, but if you're looking for a buffet that's worth the price I feel like Aria's is good. My only real Vegas comparison is the buffet at the Wynn, which comes highly recommended by others, but I thought this one was much better.
5	came here this weekend after they had renovated and it has only gotten better since last time we came here.  This is buy far the best buffet on the strip.  We were here 2.5 hrs eating alof of good crab all kinds  and other seafood as well as meats and many other things especally deserts, they had my jusbands two favorite gelatos, orange shebert and mint and chip.  The food here never disappoints.  Will for sure be back here the next time we are in town and will have to try the brunch buffer here as well.
3	Crustacean scum 0 : me 1Just your typical buffet with most of the selection of food being old and nasty. Nothing special. I spent most of my time ripping apart crab exoskeleton while shocked bystanders stared at the barbaric sight.THEY CAN JUDGE ALL THEY WANT BUT I HAVENT HAD ME SOME CRAB IN A WHILE
3	Food was not great. Decent at best. What saved this review was the desert. Everything else did not taste well.Came here last year. It's as if the quality went down hill.
2	I'm not sure why or how we ended up at this buffet, but it was a total rip off! We went at 3pm and paid dinner prices. It came out to be around $50 per person including tip, which wouldve been fine if the food was amazing. Sadly, the selection was small and the food was average at best.I usually dive for the seafood and steak at buffets to get my money's worth, but the seafood and meats here were just mehhh. So meh that it wasn't even worth getting a second serving. I tried walking around and looking for something delicious, but everything looked (and tasted) like cheap buffet food. Sadly, my favorite food at the buffet was the tomato and mozzarella.  If you have 50 bucks to spend on food, do yourself a favor and spend it elsewhere!
2	So..we're in Vegas. Besides gambling, girls and sin---Vegas is known for its palace style buffets. We rolled the dice and decided to take a short walk from our New York New York hotel room and make an attempt to eat our monies worth at the Aria hotel buffet. The total came to over $50 for two people and we crapped out. Aria won as we did not find a buffet fit for a king or my queen. There was a variety of global flavors: Mexican, Mediterranean, Italian, Chinese and a pitiful spread labeled American. I have to admit, I'm a bit of a picky eater and typically stick with the simple things--pizza, burgers, chicken--you know, steak and potatoes kinda guy. The pizza was dry and there was only two slices left as I approached the Italian section. There were no burgers or burger making station, that would've been neat but maybe too big an ask. The fried chicken was the highlight as it was crunchy and had a nice flavor. As good as the chicken were the mashed potatoes, problem is--I had to hold up the line scraping the last bits of potatoes from the bottom of the pot. O well, at least I should be able to find a nicely charred stake to go with my tea spoon of potatoes. NOPE. There was no steak on the buffet. No steak, that's right folks, no steak on a $20 plus/per person buffet. I had to settle for honey glazed ham--another positive element--and under cooked roast beef. Hey, there was a great salad bar...O, no French dressing. Yes I know, I'm picky...why would I expect some odd request like French dressing. The dessert station was quite an impressive presentation. Too bad the taste didn't quite match the looks. If you like sea food, ignore everything you've read. There was plenty of seafood but I don't touch the stuff.
3	Even a bit disappointed given how nice this hotel is, but it is what it is.  Came here more out of convenience, didn't want to keep on looking, but at this point, wasn't aware of Wicked Spoon, but i digress.Another justifiable reason was there were no lineups at 5:30pm on a Monday, so easy breezin.Glad they had the crab legs, plump prime rib, and the mash potatoes, but that's about the best part.  There was congee and sushi, but didn't dare touch that.The desserts were a bit underwhelming, though the circular display of their gelato was probably the only highlight.  Oh, the creme flan was pretty darn good.Nice orange theme going around here, and liked the open concept here.But can't really rant and rave for someone to return here.$35/pp.
1	Was not happy how the cashier Martha, did not smile.  Did not Thank us. Instead I smiled at her as she handed us the receipts.  I told her Thank you.  She didn't acknowledge me.  We got our comps (BOGO) from myVEGAS slots. It's 8,000 loyalty points.  Hours of playing to EARN it.  Everyone on staff was miserable. The only guy that was happy to serve me was the guy at the carving station,  African American gentlemen. Can't remember his name.Waitress asked us what we wanted to drink.  Doesn't grab us silverware. I had to ask for it. She then says, "Oh! It's suppose to be set already".  She didn't refill our drinks.The food was okay at best.  They had "portuguese sausages", I asked the carver is it Chorizo or Linguica? He said to me,  "the first one". Lol. It was not as spicy as I expected. It was okay, edible. The only thing I liked was pleased with was the mash potatoes had garlic in them.  I ate the mash & tried everything.  It was all cold & old sitting out.  The chicken pot stickers were awfully bland.The desserts were pretty good but the Asian man serving gelato was a prick. He had something up his butt. He sees me waiting behind the girl he was serving.  I let her go since she was there before me,  I thought.  She left,  he doesn't acknowledge me.  But the family that walks up, he acknowledged them but they were just looking.Really upset how this experience went. I'm glad I didn't pay $50 but still.  I'm glad I tried it for half price.
4	I don't know why there're so many bad reviews for Aria buffet. We had a great time there! Yes, the price is around $35 which is slightly more than others but we think it's worthwhile considering the overall Experience. The waitress that we had was awesome! She was super attentive that makes the one we had from Planet Hollywood's looks really bad!! The food was great, the 1/2 lobster was delicious and no extra cost!
2	If you're a seafood lover, you may have a little bit of fun here but not for long--unless all you plan on eating is seafood such as crab legs and mussels. The variety of fish is not very impressive. There's no baked, broiled, or smoked fish. The salad bar is very sad. As far as fresh vegetables go, your salad choices are greens and tomatoes, and then the rest of the salad bar is just composed of candied fruits. I was expecting to see chopped cucumbers and sprouts and you know, a real salad bar with actual variety! Not everyone wants to fill up on only heavy dishes. Fresh salads would have been nice.The seafood that they do have is delicious and the bean salads that they have are nice, but after serving two small plates of cold seafood, I felt bored and unsatisfied. I walked around the buffet a few times but nothing stood out to me. The variety of foods just does not look appealing. I left the buffet hungry. You know something is wrong when you leave a buffet hungry. For the expensive price tag, I would not return.
4	Good variety of food. Love the Mediterranean and the Indian selections (fresh Naan). Alaskan crab and shrimp is really fresh. My only caveat was that they don't do a good job replenishing the food when it's empty. The dessert station is worth checking out.
5	It was amazing!!!!!My two kids loved it, it is the most talked about subject since we came back from Vegas.Totally worth the money.
4	Fantastic spread of food. We went there for the lunch buffet, got right in didn't wait more than 5 mins. Place was clean, the selection was great. Crab legs on the lunch buffet and they were really good too. Sushi, prime rib, Asian, Mexican and more. And the quality of the food was really good. Highly recommend eating here.
5	This was my first Vegas Buffet, so yes, I'm a little biased. It fulfilled all of my wildest dreams. The sushi is ok, nothing insane. The curries were ok. I was really impressed with their salads, the uniqueness of them, and how good they tasted. I loved that they had dumplings and dim sum. The lasagna was awesome. The mini sandwiches were gorgeous plus yummy. Naan was delicious. The build your own taco area was amazing, and the brisket was tender and flavorful as can be. Paella was yummy. Those are just some highlights. I realize that this is my "first time", but the amount of food that was there plus the high quality and variety was really impressive. Also, I eat almost anything, so I've got a lot more options than picky eaters.
5	Amazing! One of the best meals I have ever had. Love the crab legs, potato dishes, shrimp, tri tip, stuffed cabbage, bread pudding, to name a few. This was my second visit and it was as delicious as I remembered. The only thing that disappointed me were the cupcakes, but there were plenty of other dessert options.
4	I had a very good experience at the Sunday brunch buffet and would go again. The dimsum was not excellent quality compared to dimsum in the San Gabriel Valley, it was just OK. The fresh naan was excellent, and the chicken curry could use a little more kick. I did like the pork belly. The waffles and red velvet pancakes were fine. For $29, I was happy with the experience. The server was prompt with drinks, but we sometimes had to bus our own plates because they were so busy. Prime rib looked good but I was already full. They had extensive desserts which I did not have room for.
1	What happened to this place ??? The last time I came here 2 years ago, I was in love, but now this place has gone downhill. It's horrible the food is gross. It makes the Japanese buffets look like 7 stars. Avoid at all costs. Don't believe me just ask to walk and look.
4	Great selection of good. Food is cooked and displayed well. Good lighting & good music playing. I would definitely come back.  My only complaint is that it took about 7-10 minutes for us to put in our order for regular drinks. Outside of that, we had a good experience.
3	Given that the Aria Hotel and adjacent Crystal Shops are jaw dropping in their design, the buffet is especially disappointing.  Not much that you want to eat and, I am sorry to say, the seating area was quite dirty.  The tables remind me of the waiting area at the local auto club.  The extra star for this otherwise two-star review belongs to the Naan -- it's just awesome.  Made by hand as you watch and cooked in this heated earthenware pot ... oh man.  Who needs dessert?  However, should we be spending $40 for a casino buffet just for the Naan?   Nein.
4	The food here was spectacular. Service was a little slow. But with this aside, it was a great experience. Just don't pick a table near the window if people are sitting in the spa... you peer right out at them... AKWARD!
4	I have read some of the other reviews that rated this poorly and am a bit shocked. We went for lunch and for $65 including tax and tip for two, this is a great place to eat. To be clear, it is not the best food ever...it is a Vegas buffet! There is tremendous variety of meats ( the fried chicken is awesome...crispy and spicy) salads, Indian...good nan, crab legs - pre split so you can eat lots and lots, shrimp, etc etc. there is Chinese dumplings and rices, some meat and veg and sushi. Of course there is lots of dessert - the sugar free strawberry sorbet is excellent. Staff was friendly and the entire surroundings were very clean. We are not buffet people, but felt that when in Vegas....do a buffet. We were not disappointed. Great value for the money and very competently and tasty food.
5	The food was fresh lots of variety  still one of the best it LV   the service was good Our Waiter Randy was excellent
3	For the price of the buffet, it was not that bad. I think that it was around $44 a person, and it had king crab, shrimp, oysters and mussels. So if you're going to a Vegas buffet just for crab, I would come here. However they did not have a good selection of sushi, actually the sushi didn't look fresh at all and I did not eat any of it. The Asian food section served the worst pad thai I've ever eaten, and the dim sum wasn't that great either. I did like the carving station because the lamb was extremely good and they actually had mint jelly which surprised me because a lot of buffets do not serve lamb let alone provide mint jelly. But as I mentioned before if you just want to eat king crab then you should go to this buffet because it is $20 cheaper then Caesar's Palace, but if you want more variety this is not the place to go.
5	AMAZING!!!! Had a Sunday Brunch Buffet on Aug 10 and a lunch on Aug 12.  We also did the unlimited drinks for Brunch.  It has everything you could possibly want, yes its not as big as other buffet but what it does it does REALLY well!!! Red Velvet stuffed pancakes, crab legs, Yum!! Give it a shot you will love it!!!
3	The design and layout of the food was very nice.  With that being said, there weren't a whole lot of options considering how much we paid to get in.  They have some of the cheesiest mac and cheese I have ever had, but other than that it was just OK.  I would rather spend my money on a different restaurant.
4	So me and the wife decided to go to the buffet in the hotel that we are staying at. The reviews were all over the place, but everyone's buffet pallet is different. I think we made a good choice listening to Matt R. I had alot of hot snow crab legs(these are prob the most biggest snow crab legs I've seen/eaten. So sweet in flavor. I also had the peel and eat shrimp/cold king crab legs (pre-split), ehh. Didn't really care for the cold stuff. I did get my fix on the hot snow crab legs. Got a piece naan put curry chicken on top it. The fresh tandori lamb just came out of the clay pot, that was all the Indian I had and it was delicious. I also had the prime rib, had great flavor. They had this huge, i mean huge piece of beef (possible a leg of beef). Salmon was also good. Sushi, ehh. Not good, but eatable. Dessert was good. All sorts of sweets.They'll have something you like. Both of us for dinner=80 bucks. The wait staff was good. Overall worth a visit. If this doesn't convince you to go, think of all you can eat snow crab lags for 40 a person.
2	The best thing I can say is the staff. Some of the kindest, warmest, people I have ever met! However for an upscale property this buffet is pitiful. Every table had sausage soup display was not indicative of a facility of ur stature. Had to hunt for sauces no sugar free desserts.
5	Love the aria buffet.  During my 11 day stay in vegas my girlfriend and I went 3 times and loved it every time. The food is well cooked and seasoned, they refresh the bowls really fast, service was super friendly,  and the variety was amazing.  Recommend going on the weekend for the gourmet menu food is really really great.
4	We stayed at the Aria for our most recent vegas trip so of course, we had to hit the Aria buffet. Liked it so much we went twice!!The first visit was dinner on a Thursday night. We went a bit late (8 or 9PM) and had to wait in line for a short amount of time. There was a wide variety of selection from the salad bar to homestyle food to mediterranean to seafood/sushi and different asian cuisines. I loved the fried rice, sushi, salad bar and pizza. All were high quality and I didn't run into anything that was not well prepared. Saturday morning we came back for brunch. In addition to the food, we also ordered the 12.99 bottomless beverages. Those drinks were strong and the waitress made sure to keep our glass full!! The salad bar, pizza and asian dishes/sea food remained but most of the other stations from the night before had been replaces with more "breakfast style" food. There were traditional items like pancakes and french toasts and also some more ethnic cuisines as well. As with dinner, all of the items were well prepared and tasted well. I would return to the Aria buffet.
5	Spacious and overlooking the pool, should you decide to, Aria's Buffet is about as lavish as you can go without going overboard. Exceptionally well-presented and prepaid, the mix runs from bean burritos to pizza to prime rib and a sushi selection rivaling any good restaurant. The desserts are very good and handled by a cut-above of staffers. We spaced and timed our consuming to go back for several plates, shared a few things just to try them and had two hours of careful sampling. The big portions went to carved prime rib and the sushi, but not all at once. Tip big; if you're half-smart, the casino will give it back and for our staffers, well-deserved.Oh? You didn't look for incentive programs to eat here on a two-for-one or comp? That one's on YOU. Cut the cost to at least half and you've scored bragging rights. Las Vegas fare runs from damn awful to sublime, so how you eat is on you: bad nutrition is plentiful; cheap chow and sloppy consumers are plentiful outside, so why not dress a bit nicer and enjoy the Aria's Crystal area? Vegas top name places offer wonderful dinners ad lunches that run from $16 hamburgers to $35 chicken. Forgetpizza anywhere but Chicago, that's a given. It's a getaway: get away from eating the same stuff that you went on vacation to escape.Leave the goddamn kids at HOME; this is Vegas and intended for adults, and the Strip outside willgladly eat stupid tourists without a second thought. Avoid most of the food out there. I recommend the Buffet as an overview of cuisine... all well done.
4	I never have high expectations when coming to a buffet.  It was decent the fresh motzerella was so delicious so were the mussels and this clam soup with chorizo. The desserts were good I really enjoyed the gellato wheel.  My waitress I don't remember her name but she was excellent never had to stop her to insist on another drink, napkins or my plates to be tooken off while I'll give it 4 stars not 3. Won't be my first stop to go buffet wise but if I was invited as a group outting I guess I would go again
4	I am here for lunch and am completely overwhelmed with the selection and variety of food.  Sushi, crab, meat, cheese, salad, Chinese, Latin, it's crazy!  For lunch I am impressed. I can't possibly eat enough! The buffet overlooks the pool too, so there is a lot of natural light which is nice. Come for lunch you won't be disappointed.
5	I have tried numerous buffets in Las Vegas, and the Aria ranks up with the Paris as tied for my favorites.  I go for the quality of the food and friendliness of staff  when rating them. I don't eat a lot but like the variety you get at a buffet. Marref stands out for her exceptional service!
2	This is definitely not the Bacchanal buffet. Or Wicked Spoon. So do not get your hopes up. My group of 12 decided to come here because half of us got buy one, get one coupons. At $24.99 for breakfast/lunch it's not too bad, but it's not that great. We ate here the last day of our trip because it was so cheap, but it was a bad choice because we just compared everything to Bacchanal. One unique thing about this buffet is that they have a section of middle eastern cuisine with curry, hummus, and naan. I don't really like that kind of food though... Especially not in the morning.There is a custom omelet bar. What I thought was weird was that there were dollar bills/tips laying on the counter. Uh shouldn't they be in a jar or something to keep it sanitary? And why are people tipping the omelet man when we already paid for our meal and that's his job...? Idk.Cons:The bacon wasn't crispy. Eggs were watery. Not many dessert options. Slow service getting drinks and refills. Ketchup not available at the tables. There are way better places to eat in Vegas. Don't waste your time here unless you have a good deal.
4	As beautiful as Aria is, the buffet lived up to the aesthetics. We ended up eating at the Aria buffet for lunch the day we landed in Vegas, with anticipation to eat at the Bellagio buffet the following day. I was blow away by the selection at Aria. On any given day you can find, at least five types of dim-sum, fried rice, lo mein,  general tso chicken, assortment of sushi, piles of snow crab legs (already split for convenience), steamed crawfish, assortment of pizzas, Indian food, Israeli type mezze, a carving station, and finally a selection of comfort food. We were pleasantly overwhelmed with all the options, considering it was only lunch. Quite a few items are still a bit bland and will need salt, but that is typical with a buffet and hoping to satisfy many palettes. I think the lunch buffet was around $26 (plus tax/tip), which I made up for with just the crab legs I ate. I kept flocking to the chicken shumai dim sum and shrimp dumplings. The curry chicken and tabouleh were also surprisingly good, but these items won't always be available. I completely over looked the soups, but I was informed there was also lobster bisque. My only complaint is that the cashier wanted 18% gratuity for our party of 8 to sit together, which perhaps we should have just paid. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Aria buffet, which had a shorter line and was miles better than Bellagio's rendering. Eat here, especially if you're hungover.
5	We had tested a lot of buffets in Vegas and the buffet at Aria belongs to the most recommended. We enjoyed the Sunday Gala dinner. Although the price is high but there is a great selection! Freshly prepared pasta dishes, Sushi and a selection of meat. Moreover, there are delicious dessert.The staff was attentive and friendly. I would definitely recommend the buffet!
3	I'm not a buffet fan, but Hubby wanted to try it out for brunch. Nice selection, kept clean and refilled and the waitress was really nice. Crab legs were hot and the desserts were the perfect size. Plenty of different kind of food to choose from.
2	Cons: Potatoes au gratin were undercooked to the point where they were crunchy. Sushi rice was stale. Crab was dried up like it had been frozen and then thawed a couple of times, and was tasteless. Gnocchi was dried up as if it had been sitting for hours. The waitress stopped by only twice the whole time, so we could only get one beverage each.Pros: Garlic mashed potatoes were excellent. Shrimp ha gow was decent. Dessert whoopie pies were great, as was the bread pudding. The buffet was generally very clean.Not worth the $40+ per person for dinner.
4	Everything was very fresh. The meats were delicious! They had a tandoor/Mediterranean area, but limited on selections. All you can eat crab legs, shrimp, mussels, crawfish. Asian bar, salad bar,  sweets bar, and breakfast Bar. It was all very good, but will try some other buffets this week. Our server Ruby was the best server. She is so happy all the time, sweet, and attentive. The drinks for 12.99 bottomless was a great deal.....if you can fit anything in after that food selection lol. Just wish they had more variety. The place is super clean and the music is awesome.
3	Hello everyone!  Just a quick review for.those who are visiting Las Vegas. The food is delicious and the service plus.the cleanliness is.impeccable! We. Had the king crab legs ( also cut open for you for your convenience) with some shrimp hargow and , coconut Jasmine rice.I also tried.the roasted red pepper hummus ( home made) with garlic naan and the spring mix with pears and balsamic dressing. There is a carving station with. Hot dogs, burgers, and sausage,  plus a station for Latin,  Mediterranean, Asian food and seafood full of shrimp, oysters,  crab, sushi,  and crawfish. The desserts are crafted beautifully as well, with red velvet moonpies,  key lime pie, bananas foster and gelato.  The pies are petite in size so they are just filling enough, but do not lack any flavor! I would say this buffet is worth the price so.come hungry!
4	Wonderful selection, and tasty food! Traditional breakfast, itialian meats/cheeses, indian, Asian, seafood, salads, American and deserts. Not as many gourmet options like other places, but still really delicious and I loved the selection! plus, like no waits, and cheaper than some other buffets.
3	Ambiance: 4 - The place is very clean, nicely decorated. Very simple and modern. The tables are pretty evenly separated so that the people sitting next to you don't feel like they're having dinner with you! Honestly, it's a pretty nice space to have a buffet! Service: 3 - Service was just okay; our server wasn't super fast or even super friendly for that matter. You could definitely tell that she was tired and just wanted to get the job done. Food: 2 - While there was a nice variety of food, it wasn't cooked very well and didn't taste all that great. A lot of things were either dry or tasteless. Also, there was a lot of bread floating around, which I didn't like. I came here for food, not bread!! However, I did like the crab legs, one Mediterranean dip, one Chinese steamed dish, and the strawberry gelato (probably the best thing on the menu)!!! But, I didn't like enough of anything to come back. Though, if you are looking for a really expensive cup of strawberry gelato and nice ambiance, this would be the place for you!
2	This is no five star hotel buffet. Lacked variety. Seafood section just sucked ass. Only thing decent was the carving station and the gelato section. There were a few nice dishes here and there but definitelynot worth the 50 bucks a person. I also think vegas needs to rethink charging kids adult price. My friends kid hardly eats and she paid 50. It is ridiculous.
1	I just left the Buffet at Aria, and rather than playing poker or boozing it up, I am in my room sick. Not because I ate too much, because I honestly have never eaten so little at a buffet before. I am in my room because the food at the Buffet at Aria is so bad that it made me sick.For starters they sat me at a table under a light that kept going out so I had to change tables. I should have known right then that I was in trouble. I started out at the Asian section for some dim sum. The shrimp dumplings and chicken and pork shu-mai wasn't bad, but the bao was hard as a rock. For those of you who may not know what bao is, it's a steamed bun with chicken or pork instead. The steamed bun is supposed to be soft but these were so hard I didn't even attempt to eat it.Then it was on to the carving station for some ham. I loves me some ham, but this ham was drier than my napkin. Two bites and I was done with that. I did have some garlic mashed potatoes which were actually very good. Hands down the best thing on the entire buffet.Over to the Mediterranean  section where they were making fresh naan. Certainly they couldn't screw that up? Wrong. One bite and I was done. It was salty as hell and tasted like that made it with soy sauce, and a lot of it. The falafel was old, stale and tasteless.Over to the Italian station for some pasta that didn't suck. They also had some decent salami and meats in the antipasto section.Now time for the main course, CRAB LEGS!! Good size crab legs with decent amounts of meat, but they were old and the shells were impossible to navigate. Made it almost impossible to get to the meat. After a few minutes I stopped trying.Walked around and checked out some other stuff. The pizza looked decent, but I had pizza in Five50 the day before so I wasn't really into pizza again. There was a sushi section, but it didn't look fresh or appealing at all so I decided to pass.The one redeeming part was the dessert area. They had gelato which was actually quite good. The other desserts looked good as well, but my stomach was starting to not be happy because of how bad everything else was.The waitress asked me if everything was okay. I told her the food was not good, she said sorry and walked away. That's good for your tip. And speaking of tips, they had a sign at the front suggesting you tip18%. Seriously? 18% at a Buffet where they just bring you a drink and clear your plates? I usually tip 20% at restaurants, but buffets get 10% tops. Less if I tell you the food sucks and you just walk away.BTW, did I mention they charge $35 for this atrocity?!?! Wow. Quite possibly the worst meal I have ever had in Las Vegas...EVER! Avoid this place. There are too many good places to eat to even consider this place as an option.
2	We are currently staying at Aria and have had pleasant stay until we decided to give the buffet a try tonight. We felt like having a casual dinner at the hotel tonight and were very very disappointed. The food was unacceptable for this class of hotel. The shrimp lacked flavor, the pasta was dried out looking, the Mexican food wasn't even close to mexican, the baked potatos were hard and not all the way cooked. The only thing that was good were the mashed potatoes of the day. My husband got vanilla ice cream which tasted sour and the chocolate chip cookies were hard. Save your time and money and don't bother checking out this buffet. For the price head over to the wicked spoon buffet at the cosmopolitan, it blows Aria's buffet away. We will never eat this buffet again. Such a shame in this hotel.
3	It's a good buffet located at one of my favorite properties. It has a little bit of everything & I especially enjoyed the hot crab legs & cook your own steak stop! The quality of food is good. It's a very modern setting & they also offer unlimited cocktails with your meals if you would like to pay extra. When my friends are in town it's a good option so everybody can get what they want.
4	So Torn about this one!This past weekend might not be the best indicator as I paid a $10 premium ($47.95) because it was Labor day weekend.  However, with the 37.95 price in mind, I'll do this review.This really has only one competitor, and that is the Wynn Buffet.  Let's do a head to head with that.  Definitely a notch below bacchanal and Wicked spoons like others have mentioned.Seafood - The Wynn was lacking in this department.  Please see my other review.  Basically, cold king crab legs, not-so-fresh oysters, so-so sushi.The Aria did not do much better; however, they offered two types of crab legs including a cold and hot selection.  Match that with the cocktail shrimp and muscles... this round is by far in favor of the Aria.  There was a few other things but it escapes me right now.winner - AriaCarvery -The Wynn wins hands down - but with a catch.  They were able to serve the best prime rib i've had on the strip.  Of course, it is a little hit or miss, but the piece I received was perfect.  The Aria was terrible.  All the meats, sausages, chicken, "new york steak,"  and lamp were overcooked.  The cook, who i talked to, explained that the prime rib isn't cooked at the same kitchen and is kept warm under a heat lamp before being rolled out.  It explains the overcooked prime rib.  However, there was a surf and turf station so unique to the Vegas strip that it nearly pulls this one out of the gutter.  The sirloin steak is prepped separately and was THE BEST steak i've had on the strip.  Easily comparable to restaurant steak I've eaten in SF or downtown LA.   The dish alone, with the lobster topping is probably worth $15 alone.  If the prime rib was half as good as this, I'd be telling you to go to the Aria right now.  WIth that said, I don't think it was enough to pull a win over the wynn.Winner - WynnVariety -Wynn had a decent variety.  I liked its unique salad creations, its variety of meats and of course its desserts.  However, it was still limited in uniqueness.The aria had variety indeed.  It showcases indian cuisines which is pretty unique.  Their Nan bread is good and so is the humus.  There wasn't an abundance of things for indian food though.  The aria also displayed lobster bisque, tomato basil, and new england clam chowder.  I've had better clam chowder, but that's a different topic.  I would say it was on par with the wynn.  As mentioned in the carvery, the surf and turf station stands out prominently.  So for that reason, i'll give this round to the Aria.winner - ariadessert -Just go to the wynn.  Nothing really special at the Aria.  winner - dessertVALUE-Ok, so if I had 37.95 to spend... this is tough.  I would say the aria because I just expect so much more when I go to the wynn.  The service and decor is better at the Aria.  Everytime I left the table, my seat was cleared of all my previous plates.  That's impressive.  I'm also asked if I would like another "drink" every so often, at which point I am able to change my orange juice to a soda.  I don't often really like to keep drinking orange juice throughout the meal.Is this really a 4 star place?  Not really, but there's enough people leaving 1 star on here that if I gave it a 4 it wouldn't hurt.  They're definitely not an AVERAGE (3 star) buffet.  Spend the extra $10 and go to wicked spoon :)
5	For a buffet, this recently renovated spot is very good. We liked the wide variety of foods (dim sum, sushi, Indian, gelato, fresh seafood, soups, Chinese, meats, and more). Some of the food wasn't stellar, but some really was outstanding. I found the best tandoori chicken ever, fresh from the oven, moist and flavorful. Fresh, chewy naan was an unusual thing to see on a buffet and very welcome. Great prime rib and au jus. Great seafood. Soooo many choices! Lovely desserts; we found the less spectacular-looking things tasted better than many of the beautifully composed desserts. I loved the gelato.This was a good step or two above the Bellagio buffet, which surprised us.
3	On a whirlwind tour of buffets in Las Vegas, I came here this past weekend to try the brunch buffet on Saturday.  There was about a fifteen minute wait at about 11 a.m., which I thought was a little surprising.  After having gone to Bachannal for dinner the night before, I wasn't sure my stomach would be able to handle another buffet, but I often think of brunch the way some people think about desserts - it deserves its own stomach!There's a lot of selection here.  For $30 per person (and an additional $12 for bottomless drinks), I'd say it's a decent deal for a Vegas buffet.  I skipped over most of the Asian food since it looked mostly like reheated frozen stuff and helped myself a lot of the other things.  There's too much to name, but let me hit some of the highlights:  amazing breakfast pizza, yummy pre-made waffles (with different fillings - try the banana), decent corned beef hash, your own made-to-order eggs benedict bar,  a variety of refreshing pre-made salads, an interesting assortment of Indian foods (including naan and curried veggies and meats), etc.  They also have a made-to-order eggs and omelette station.  The ham at the carving station was delicious - lean but tender and flavorful - they have prime rib too if that's your fancy.  In other words, there's something for everyone here!There were some foods that weren't so great.  I felt like this was much more common in the dessert department.  For example, the donut that I had tasted crusty and dry, and a lot of their cakes tasted like they'd been sitting out for a while.  I probably wouldn't get an omelette again either - they're far too big and I don't like how they don't wrap the ingredients inside but instead intersperse them throughout the egg batter.Service:  Can't compare to the service you get at Bachannal.  They seem understaffed here (even though the restaurant wasn't at full capacity), and you have to exert some energy to flag someone down.Bottom line:  A decent option for a brunch buffet in Vegas.  I am realizing I forgot to try the gelato so next time...
2	It's not bad per se but this place doesn't even bother to try to keep up with the competition. You would think a nice hotel like Aria would try to up their game for buffets to compete with every other hotel but no, they just bank on people coming here because it's convenient. While the food wasn't bad---it just wasn't anything special. Nor was it very good. The buffet selection is just okay--but most things that they made were either over/under seasoned, over cooked, sitting out for too long, etc. LOLThat being said though, our waitress was extremely friendly and nice and accommodated our dozens of drink orders and consistently always cleaned up our table. She was a big win for me.
3	The amount of options here is truly diverseSome of the featured items are;Fish Market - LOVED the unlimited crab. Certainly a favorite with my fam.Asian - They had a really tasty chicken and broccoli dish I tried.Italian -didn't try their Made-to-Order Pasta section but glad they had the option.Pizza - Gluten free pizza dough available!Mediterranean - The hummus in this section was basic  nothing really fancy. Tandoori -Naan was decentand a host of other stations I didn't try like Latin ,Carvery,and a Diner section with burgers. I did like the breakfast items such as the hash browns. I did find a hair in my food so that wasn't appealing. They are sort of expensive especially during the holidays. Regularly brunch is $29.99 but during the holidays its $34.99 and they don't even offer any holiday-ish items....The Aria is a nice hotel and the buffet was clean and loads of options. If it wasn't for the hair in the food then it would be 4 stars. ..
3	Wish I would have checked Yelp before coming here. I can't believe I paid $45 for a dinner that would have cost under $20 at a non-buffet restaurant. For what it's worth, the food did taste REALLY good (get the turkey breast!!) but for the price, I don't think the options were worth it. There was a variety, sure, but in each section it was only a small amount of foods. The service was pretty poor and they hardly came around to check on us even though the place was nearly empty.
4	I was in Vegas the past few days, and had the choice for a comped dinner buffet at Aria, or a lunch buffet at Bellagio. After reading reviews for both, I chose the dinner buffet at Aria, and I was not disappointed.First, let me say this: I did not go to this buffet to eat gluttonously. Instead, I took small portions of several items (6 trips, which I will explain in a bit) so I could sample more items.I added on the bottomless alcohol package for $12.99 and paired different drinks with different "rounds" of food. I will notate which drink I had. I had one beer, one Pinot Noir, and one Champagne. I also had a glass of club soda, which I used to cleanse my palate between items.And yes, I took notes while eating dinner!Round 1 - Stella Artois Beer-----------* Truffle Mac & Cheese - I'd never had truffles before and I love mac & cheese. This was delicious. The sauce was light, and not overpowering, and the truffles were tasty!* Jasmine rice - This was from the Asian section. It was good - not dry at all.* Prime Rib w/ Creamy Horseradish - a bit dry for my liking.* Meatball w/ Marinara and Parmesean - I had two of these - and they were so good. The marinara sauce was a bit spicy, which was a nice and welcomed surprise.* Multigrain roll with cranberries - I thought this was a standard multigrain roll. When I bit into it, I saw there were cranberries. Bonus! Round 2 - Stella Artois Beer -----------* Carnivore Pizza slice (pepperoni, sausage, bacon) - It had been sitting out for a bit, and was a bit cold.* Pineapple Sausage - This was from the Asian section - quite tasty, I liked the fact the pineapple was mixed in with the sausage. I'd never tried anything like it before.* Chicken Pot Stickers - Cold, hard, and stuck together. Very disappointed.* Vegetable Pad Thai - Good, but not a lot of spice/flavor. But good.* Beef w/ Veggies - Similar to a Mongolian beef, w/o peppers. Was a bit cold.* Provolone Cheese - Wow, these were pungent!Round 3 - Stella Artois Beer-----------* Beef Steamship - Like the Prime Rib, this was a bit dry. Perhaps I should have tried the au jus (in retrospect).* Lentil Orzo - Cold pasta salad - orzo, lentil, and tomatoes. Freaking delicious!* Portugese Sausage - One of my most favorite items all night - spicy, tender, and delicious.Round 4 - Pinot Noir - Parducci, Mendocino City-----------* Clams - I tried clams for the first time....and I liked them!!* Sirloin Oscar - Served with crab meat, bernaise sauce, and asparagus. This was grilled to order and was the highlight of my meal. Great char and flavor on the steak. I got mine Mid Rare+ (between MR and M). The Bernaise sauce was phenomenal. The crab was delicious as well!Round 5 - Pinot Noir - Parducci, Mendocino City-----------* Pork Belly - Nice crispy skin, very tender meat.* Chorizo Rope Sausage - Hello flavor explosion! Spicy and tasty!* Au Gratin Potatoes - Very good - mild flavor, not overly cheesy.Round 6 - Prosecco Champagne - La Marca, Veneto, Italy-----------* Red Velvet Whoopie Pie - Nice tender cake, great cream filling. Nuts on top.* Creme Brule - nice glaze, but too creamy inside for my liking.* Coconut Macaroon - Nice toasted outside. I could've eaten so many of these!* Brownie - Rich, chocolatey - it's a brownie! But seriously, this was wonderful.* Oreo Gelato - One word: divine.* Cinnamon Crunch Gelato - The show stealer of the desserts. Oh. My. Gosh.Regarding drinks, the Pinot Noir was really good for being, what I assume, to be their house Pinot. The champagne was delicious as well. In fact, I will be looking to purchase a bottle of both the Pinot Noir, and the Champagne later this week if I can find them.While some of the carved items were dry, I will admit I did not use Au Jus, and I can only imagine the difference that would have made. There are so many choices here: Italian, Latin, Indian, Asian, Deli, Seafood, Carvery, Desserts, and much more. I did not even remotely try everything on the buffet, nor could I, as I would not have been able to eat it all. But I will try more items the next time I go back.Do yourself a favor, and have dinner at the Aria buffet the next time you are in Vegas. Despite some of the items being cold, the service was outstanding. This place gets a solid 4.5 stars from me.
2	I was not impressed. Flat out. I really don't have a lot to elaborate on this place... they've really got to step up their food selection! Had I known that the flavor would be bland across the board I wouldve just stuck with crab legs and dessert... those were the only things that I was actually excited about. Everything else could have been served at a Golden Corral and I wouldn't have known the difference. Bland...and/or dry... and/or folks trying to be clever with cooking foods that are better left keeping it simple. The turkey wasn't too horrible... but it wasn't good enough that I felt the need to try the other meats they had to offer..which wasn't much if I recall correctly. The mashed potatoes were bland. I had been craving pots mashed, too... so that really got me down. They had some fancy macaroni that just didn't do it for me. Perhaps I'm too country for Aria's buffet... but come on... what's a buffet without good ol' macaroni and cheese?!If you want crab legs mid week...swing through here.. if you don't mind dropping about $40. We had a comp for a BOGO free dinner buffet (MyVegas game on Facebook) so that's what got us in...but I think that after leaving there...we will not be returning.
4	Went here for did-din with girls. The food was decent. Skirt steak was slightly chewy, but shrimp and salads were good. Definitely bang for your buck.  I would come back just for deserts:)
4	Great food but the bottomless cocktails, even better
2	Came here with family and just want to try their buffet but it's not that good. Very disappointed. The service was pretty good but I don't think the food is fresh enough especially the seafood!
2	Went for lunch. About $25 per person. They had everything. However, only thing i liked was the roasted pork, Portuguese sausage, and their gelato. The Asian section was so gross...everything was stuck together in their little steamers. Their chicken dumplings look like they've been there for so long they turned black. Their Shao Mai have been steamed too long or re-steamed too many times so the skin is falling apart.  Not worth $25. Overall, everything was probably reheated from their leftovers from the night before. Not going back.
5	This is the best breakfast buffet I have ever had! The food is excellent and they have so many different types of food to satisfy any cravings. Would highly recommend.
5	Let me preface this review with, I hate buffets! My husband has dragged me to every buffet in Vegas and then some. I actually enjoyed my meal at The Buffet. Typical buffet when it comes to selection. They had seafood, Asian, Greek, Italian, Mexican and a carving station. The difference was the flavor! It was all delicious and much better than your average buffet experience. Desserts were fresh and delicious. My only complaint was the cheese platter looked a little old. The $12.99 unlimited champagne/beer/wine was great too!! Service was pleasant and I never had an empty glass!
4	Great selection of food, prime rib outstanding. Only negative you have to pay for your drinks at the table before you get them.
2	Not really impressed with the food quality.  They had the standard fare of thin crab legs, prime rib and assorted foods, but the quality wasn't there for me.  Perhaps I am on the road too much and have become too much of a food critic.  Next time I will use Yelp before I make my selection instead of when I do the review.
5	This is number one buffet for me!!!When I go to Vegas, I always have dinner at this wonderful place. I couldn't find something like aria buffet in Los Angeles, that's why sometimes we go to Las Vegas only for dinner at aria buffet) . Good choice of medeterenian, italian food. Different types of sea food. Always fresh and tasty!!!
3	I went to this buffet when it was newly renovated and I thought that it was a great buffet. The food was good and the service was great. However, when I went this past July the quality of the food was very disappointing. The crab legs were not steamed well as they were swimming in a pool of water by the time I got to the station, the prime rib was overdone and was told they didn't have anything that was on the rare side. However their service was still great as our waiter was very attentive and friendly and the pastries were still great.
5	This is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas, I went here for the first time in August 14' and I couldn't believe the quality of food at this buffet. They had surf and turf steaks with crab cooked on top. Awesome crab legs (I don't normally like crab) mexican food, Italian food, and awesome desert. This place was the best! And we had a wonderful waiter, I wish I could remember his name. He was an older gentlemen spoke Spanish and English and was very polite and kind to our table. :)
3	I went on 9/28/2014, Sunday night for dinner, pay over $35.  I wasn't too happy about quality of the food.  I went there before, hummas and babaganoush were really bland.  Curry chicken was ok.  The 2 things I really like were garlic mashes, and the steak they grilled in front of you.  Many people get crab which were opened already, but I don't really eat crab.   The place was good when I went in 2013 but the quality went down hill.
5	So disappointed by the average reviews on here!  I went to the Caesars Buffet in 2013 and I felt like the Aria beat Caesars hands down ten times over!  All of the food was SO good!!  They had so many great stations -- Asian, Indian, Seafood, Mediterranean, Meat Carving, Desserts, etc.  The meat station was amazing -- I was so impressed that the prime rib had a perfect medium rare on it, the leg of lamb was nice and tender with a great mint flavor, the dim sums were steamed perfectly, the snow crab and king crab was delicious, and even the sushi was amazing!  And the desserts -- omg the desserts were so amazing.  They even have gelato that they were hand scooping that was AMAZING.  And they have $12.99 all you can drink (beers, wines, champagnes, etc.)!  Cannot wait to come back here again for SURE!
1	Kept waiting in a line for a Buffett at entrance for 20 minutes ... No excuses!!!)Dumb dumb
4	I did a comparison to the ARIA, Bellagio and Mirage buffets.  I will be quick.  Pick the ARIA it is the best choice of these by far and you wont wait forever in line.
2	got 2 free   dinner buffet from playing on myvegas.com . expected better food . most things I tried , didn't taste good . the only good thing was the made to order pasta station. dinner was 34.99 $  mon- thur
2	Whoever said the best things in life are free needs to have a firm talking to after the wife and I had dined here..I won a comp through MyVegas and I admit with mixed reviews I wanted to give this buffet a shot since it's Aria and all, but WOW did I ever regret that!My overall opinion for the variety of food offered was hopeful at first, but disappointed as I walked around to scope things out. It does have your customary dessert area, asian area, mexican area, salad area, a tandoor area, and carving area. At one point I saw Area 51, but that was the only thing out of this world here unfortunately!The food itself missed many marks as it was to the point where I only had 1 plate and refused to go back for anything further..I tried a vegetable egg roll, pineapple sausage,  and orange chicken from the Asian station. I did find the egg roll to be cooked quite well and not too crispy like it was swimming in a day pool of grease. The orange chicken was hit or miss piece to piece. I had some that were soft and flavorful and a majority that well were more geared towards being a jawbreaker than a delight of the orient.My highlight of the meal was the prime rib from the carving station, but that didn't totally "meat" the mark (pardon the pun)..The gentleman who manned the station was very pleasant and did seem to take to me being respectful as a rarity which made me wonder how people are normally..I give kudos to him and certainly people deserve to be treated as equals..THAT could be a whole other review in itself..The prime rib itself was very tender, BUT it did lack quite a bit of flavor..I drenched it in au jus, but still some bold flavor would've been appreciatedAnother notable was the peel and eat shrimp and steamed snow crab..The shrimp itself was a high point and I did enjoy that the crab was cut in half so that you could just essentially skin the crab for the meat vs. getting carpal tunnel cracking all day..I probably could've eaten much more of that and from looking around it did seem like these were a crowd pleaser of patrons above anything else.I have to say in closing this was a let down for me as there are clearly better and well accepted buffets in Vegas (seems like a dying breed of what once was), but I really hope that Aria takes notice and conducts a serious revamp of things in the near future..The staff was warm and inviting which is a saving grace, but an empty dining room during the pre Zarkana hours does kind of paint a very disturbing picture right?
2	Really not impressed at all. After waiting twenty minutes for a table (when half of them were empty, apparently they were trying not to open that section or something?), we sat down and waited for drinks. Ten minutes later, after not having seen a waitress, we decided to get food and figured we would order drinks when we got back. After finishing my first plate, I got up and asked one of the hostesses if she could send a waiter/waitress over to get our drinks, as ourselves and the other three tables around us were still waiting on that. She could have been polite. Instead, she literally told me that I was being impatient (no water or any other drinks after 20-25 minutes), and basically told me to sit down and be quiet, and that they'd get me drinks when they were ready to. We should have left then, and asked for a refund. The manager did very little to help, though she did say she would have a talk with her staff and see what happened. We got our drinks more than a half hour after being seated at our table, and the food was mediocre at best. I also had an upset stomach that afternoon, and that was the only thing I'd eaten since the day before. I only rated it two stars because the food was so-so, but it was pretty bland and after the entire experience, it was NOT worth it. I wouldn't go back, and the staff's rudeness has made certain that the Aria will not see another dollar our of my wallet.
4	If you like crab legs (whole, large, hot and cold) and homemade ice cream/gelato, this is the place to come. Those alone get five stars.  Other items get a solid four stars. Nice open ambiance and great service. Go during lunch or late breakfast. Dinner is not really worth the extra price.
2	We love Vegas buffets!  Especially ones you can earn comps to by playing MyVegas through Facebook.  However, I think we'll pass on this one next time.  We've been here twice and simply not impressed.  The food is mediocre at best.  The prime rib was pretty much raw-medium-raw with lots of fat and for some reason just didn't taste good.  The spaghetti  and meatballs were bland, the Asian selections were also bland and not prepared well.  Even the gelato has a weird taste.The serve was OK, but not super friendly.  We just happened to have to have the same gentleman both times, last February, and this week in October. He delivers the drinks, and that's about it.  I ordered a Diet Coke and it came in a 12oz glass.  I can gulp that in 3 seconds or less.  It kept our server hoping.  He actually did a pretty good job but he appeared to working way to hard to keep up.
1	worst ever
3	My first Las Vegas buffet experience.. The spread is amazing, and to be honest I did not try even half of the food, but I was excited about the crab legs.. Crab legs were avg at best, although i did love that they put small cuts in them to make it extremely easy to eat. Prime rib was fantastic and surprisingly lean (the cut i got at least) Shrimp/Mussels and sushi selection was below avg. service also below avg.
3	Came here with a BOGO for lunch with my friend. The food was okay, but not being a buffet person, everything was just okay to me. Some stuff was way too salty or heavy, as usual. The best thing was their garlic mashed potatoes and their selection of meats. Their asian food is not good, crab legs are extremely salty. Indian, Greek, and Italian selections are small. Their desserts were pretty good, and loved the spinning ice cream wheel selection. Service was good here though, very attentive.
5	Delicious! Get the fettuccine alfredo! Fantastic spot to eat after a night of partying.
3	The first time we tried this place when it first opened, they had more exotic choices such as rabbit. duck etc that very few buffets offer. Maybe because it was also a weekend at that time. Recently my husband and I tried it again since we had a 2 for 1 offer (from myvegas slot games promotion) we also have tried it on a weekday and it wasn't the best I had. The selections/varieties are much smaller than much other buffets for the same price). Generally, the flavors are not bad and of the selections they have they still yummy but for the price you pay, I have had better and again with more selections as well. I would come again only with the 2 for 1 promotion. Otherwise, there are much better buffet options at other hotels.
1	I hate this stupid buffet. I end up here when I stay at Aria for one reason, pure laziness. I usually eat here right after checking and I am "already here" or right before I check out, and I figure it's quick and better than fast food on the road. Each time I have eaten here (at least three times now) it has been for the weekend brunch. I have disliked it each time.They never have fresh mimosas. I never know where they come from, but no bottles of champagne in sight.The food has been cold, and left around between the morning rush and the lunch rush, so keep that in mind if you come at an odd time. Hopefully, you don't come here at all.
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas. THIS WAS AMAZINGLY AWESOME! Quality & wide selection. Everything from grape leave wraps to miso soup to crawfish to pizza to fresh sliced prime rib & pork to eggs Benedict to hand made sorbet... Upscale and way better than Bacchanal that is advertised everywhere! I will be visiting this buffet each time I go to Vegas.
5	very nice seafood buffet! !!
4	Always my go to buffet while staying on the strip. I've been here four time and have never been disappointed. Food is always delicious and fresh. I normally go with a 2 for 1 and purchase additional bottomless beverages for $12.99 each. A steal for two hours of food and beverages!
5	Best buffet in this area, plain and simple. The coffee is great. They bring you a glass of good OJ as soon as you sit.  I suggest the scrambled eggs, chorizo, 2 types of breakfast sausage, corned beef and hash is excellent!  Bacon, sausage gravy, ham, omelettes, EGGS BENEDICT, shrimp, cookies, muffins, and lastly, home fries!  Coming from NJ, the "Land of 1,000 Diners", you won't be disappointed at this buffet! Very spacious, Nice scenery and courteous, fast staff, this place is worth going too.....  In fact, I'm going back tomorrow morning!
3	Just came back from a week in Vegas and I'm a little buffeted out but here goes. I remembered going to this buffet when they first opened a handful of years ago - I thought it was fantastic and worth the $50 we paid on an Easter Sunday. However, they have apparently renovated and this buffet is like half the size, with less choices and not as fancy. My wife and I had a 2-for-1 coupon so it was worth it - but I wouldn't pay full price. As far as items: Italian section was poor, it was spaghetti and meatballs and chicken marsala and antipasta. Carving board was quite good with four different types of meat - mostly beef. sushi was eh. Mussels were great, escpecially new zealand mussels. Most everything was average. Deserts were OK. Waitress service was very good, always filled our drink. I would probably give 3 1/2 stars but cant. At 2-for-1 I like this place but not at full price.
5	This place is AWESOME! The 2-for-1 lunch is pretty enough to get enough points for on the MyVegas app, and if you get there at like 3:20 you can pay for one lunch, get two, and at 3:30 they start serving dinner entrees.I dig the crab, sushi, prime rib, tandoori chicken, and dessert bar but the BEST thing is the cedar plank smoked salmon. So good!
5	Best Buffet in Vegas!  Lunch - hot crab legs, pork belly, beef, sausage selection, steamed clams and mussels, dim sum, smoked salmon and trout, and all the usual.  I really don't understand the negative reviews, the food is good quality and tasty.  The lunch is $24 so not as cheap as Excalibur but a hell of a lot better.  They also have a bottomless alcoholic beverage deal for $13 which includes good beer, wine, sangria, mimosas, and bellinis.
3	Not a bad buffet at all, just not a great one either. Being the skinflint that I am I came for the lunch at 3:30 so that it would bleed over into the dinner service. Worked like a charm!Carving station was alright. Not as good as The Wicked Spoon, but the effort was there. Dessert area was OK, but I wasn't impressed with their overall selection. I love red velvet cupcakes but they didn't have any. Just red velvet macaroons. Salad bar was blah. But let's face it you don't win friends with salad.The dim sum selections were OK for the most part. Clearly not as good as a dedicated Asian restaurant but not awful like a $10 Asian buffet either. So overall I sum this place up as being OK at everything. Nothing sucked really bad but nothing was amazingly awesome either.
5	Food was great.  Had pork belly that was flavorful and fatty.  Good selection of carved meats, beef, sausages, turkey.  Warm Dungeness crab legs, most place only have cold if any at all, they were tasty and fresh tasting and scored to make it easy to eat.  There were cold King Crab that I didn't try.  There was Indian Food with Naan.  Good curry flavor in the food.  Also had pasta station, Italian food, dim sum, sushi.  Not as many stations as some places but quality is better.  Had the Carmel butterscotch pudding and a scoop of vanilla gelato.  Very good.Price is high but if you go to the chain restaurant across the street get an appetizer, entree, dessert with a soda it will cost you over $40.So splurge and enjoy yourself.
4	We REALLY liked this buffet. My husband doesn't usually eat from the buffet, but this one he took a chance on and LOVED it. They have everything from fresh crab legs to sushi. Fresh food is brought out regularly and the carved meat is to die for!I didn't give it 5 stars just because of the price. We had lunch which was the same price as dinner. However we were told that during dinner they bring out prime rib and better desserts.
3	The food is great here . At a reasonable price, I just think they need to step up their service.  Not the first time here and came back to same experience
4	We went here for brunch on a Sunday and were pleased with their options and cleanliness. Some of our favorites included the red velvet stuffed pancakes, the steamed crab legs with hot butter, the eggs Benedict station, the chocolate chip with walnut cookies (kind of tastes like the Double Tree cookies.. Mmm so good), and the gelato. They do not have an overwhelming amount of options, and the presentation is okay. Personally I think other buffets like the Wicked Spoon at Cosmo has cuter presentation for some of their dishes, and they might have a few more options. However, still not a bad deal. Prices are average for a "nice" vegas buffet. $24.95 for breakfast Monday-Friday. No breakfast buffet options on the weekends, just brunch for $29.95. Not sure how much lunch or dinner runs; I've been here twice and both times were weekend brunches. Much better than the overpriced Bacchanal buffet at Cesar's, not as overpriced as Wynn (but also less options), and not as cute as Wicked Spoon. But as long as there are steamed crab legs with hot butter, I'm there
1	It was OK. Not what I want to see in a Vegas buffet in a five star resort. It should be great! not ok. I've dated people like this....looks great on the outside, but then when you try to have a bit of true discussion...it's just a big blah. Nothing really there. The food looks great, but has no real taste. I had a $75 food credit at the Aria, so my wife and I used it for this. Not worth it. If I paid real money, would have given it 1 star. Oh! Also two plates I picked up in the clean dishes pile had food residue on them. Yech. Had to get an extra napkin because I put my hand in something squishy and yellow under my plate. Ok, yeah, this review is one star now.  Choose somewhere else to go.
2	I came here for the first time last summer and was truly disappointed. It's because it's overpriced even with myVegas reward. There is really nothing worth to eat there except the prime rib, which is in any standard buffets. There is an extra $10 if you want unlimited drink, which is a minus. In other buffets on the trip such as the Mirage, you pay $30 with unlimited drinks. But with the Aria buffet, you have to pay around $40 without drinks. Plus, you would have to wait a long time for the servers to come refilling your drinks. You also have to pay extra tips for those servers. In the Mirage buffet, you can avoid this uncomfortable and inconvenient thing. Overall, it's not worth the money.
3	After a 1 hour wait in the VIP line ( we kind of asked for it by going on Thanksgiving Day ),we were greeted by our server who took our drink order, delivered them then was never to be seen again. I expected so much more for such a nice, new hotel. The offering was large, but not well maintained.  Each time I visited the dim sum area the steamers were near empty and what was inside did not look appetizing.   The sushi was hard from being out too long, again an issue with replenishment. The salad bar was fresh and offered a great variety. Although I didn't indulge on the baked potato bar, it looked good. The Carvery left a bit to be desired. The prime rib lacked flavor and was too rare for most.  Again I was scraping what was left in the pan on any of the hot items. The dessert bar offered some really delicious treats. I'm willing to cut them some slack due to the Holiday and the size of the crowd.  Hence the 3 stars....
1	$50 a person for this?? Plus 18% gratuity for parties over 8. We saw our "server" twice. We had to chase people down to get our drinks. The food was mediocre at best, I've had better microwave tv dinners.The only thing I enjoyed was the coffee at the end. If you're looking for a disappointing meal, try McDonald's instead; at least you're only paying $6 for a bad meal instead of $50.
1	The One Where Sandy Was Warned to Not Eat Here.And we still did.  Le Sigh.  Our first night in Vegas, we decided to have a group dinner here.  My local friends all warned me against it saying that "only virgin Vegas goers would eat here."  However, since I wasn't calling the shots, I went with my friends to have dinner with bottomless drinks (for an additional $15, which I didn't get, but my friends did).  Anyway, just don't come here and waste your money.  The food was horrible.  I sampled basically everything and the only thing I liked was their gelato (I mean, if they messed that up...).  I'm not the type of person who would eat her money's worth since I'm all about quality of food.  The quality was nonexistence.  I just can't stress enough about how poorly their food was and we were here at a normal dinner hour.  The fact that the place was not happening said a lot.
3	I think I went to this buffet like three times in a span of a week while my parents visited, all during lunch because you really can't beat their prices while on the strip for a decent buffet. We came here specifically for the seafood, it's probably a hit or miss with it though. There are times when I found the crab meat to be super salty, not sure why but then the next day it was just fine so I don't know who it is that's adding the salt, but stop it! The rest of the food is alright, nothing too spectacular to note. They have a decent selection of dessert but I'll probably only stick to the gelato as the rest of it isn't THAT great at least to me. So really if you love seafood and don't want to venture down to the M for their weekend seafood buffet, then the one here is just as good! Might cost a bit more, but it's all the time so can't really complain and considering it's on the strip too? I think it came out to $27 per person with tax and maybe tip? I forgot if that was including tip or not but definitely tax. So really it's not a bad price at all. The service is pretty consistent, it's not bad but if they're slammed it's going to take a bit for you to get their attention. I, for one, drink a lot of water when I'm eating so I usually ask for two or three glasses so I know I'll have something before they get back to our table when it's busy. I like it overall and will be coming back with family for seafood again.
3	I ate here for lunch today.  24 bucks, including my iced teas.  For unlimited beer or wine, it would have cost 12.99.  Let's see, the salad items were very good.  Great quinoa salad, antipasto items including mozzarella balls, prosciutto.  Some sushi rolls also.Then I moved onto the seafood items.  The king crab legs obviously frozen, boiled shrimp, and even crawfish.  They did have a nice selection of mussels, seafood stew, and chowders.Lots of hot items, pizzas, carving meats, some ok pasta dishes including butternut ravioli and veggie lasagna.  Fair meatballs and broccoli Rabe.They had a middle Eastern bar, including hummus and baba gannoush.The Chinese food was worse than Chinese takeout at home.  Dumplings looked mushy.Desserts were the best items.  Bananas foster, gourmet cupcakes, pecan pie, flan.....all high quality. Cookies, muffins, pastries as wellSo, if you are in the mood for a great big salad and great desserts, give it a try.  I paid 18 bucks for a mediocre salad at olives yesterday.  This a few bucks more, but much better value.
3	We ate at the Aria buffet since we were staying in the hotel (the other buffet we were going to try had a ridiculously long line).  There was no line at Aria.  The price over thanksgiving weekend was inflated (I do not recommend dining at a buffet over holiday weekends as the prices of most buffets are over-inflated and definitely not worth the price increase)The food is comparably "fresher" than other buffets but the selection is very limited. The buffet boasts the only tandoor oven at a Vegas buffet. I found the naan to have a biscuit like quality which is not to my liking. The tandoori chicken however was very juicy and succulent. Taste somewhat lacking though. The other standout was the crab legs (fortunately served hot - I hate cold crab legs).  Seafood - slightly above par in all respectsThe pasta and salad selection was surprisingly decent.  Carvery - standard selection - preparation slightly below parDessert selection - below par in all aspects. Asian food - below par in all aspects. You should go to this buffet if you hate waiting in lines and if they are charging their standard price.
5	Kid friendly. Amazing service. Delicious and healthy choices. Huge selection. Top notch.
2	Alright I have stayed at Aria a few times but never really wanted to eat The Buffet when I was ever in Vegas. During my last trip here we actually got free buffet dinner so we decided why not! The inside and the look of the place seemed pretty nice but in general the food was just not that amazing. Some of the plates were empty most of the time even though I got up about five times and went and walked around. I thought the service for the ladies that got us drinks was pretty nice and she was quick about it! But food wise I would say go somewhere else and it is not worth it to eat here! I didn't really think they had a lot of variety and the food wasn't tasty or something that I could even remember.
2	This place is a borderline 1 star for me. It wasn't like as if I found a bug or anything atrocious. But it was shockingly disappointing. The Buffet, along with the rest of Aria, seem immaculate. We've stayed at the Aria before and was impress with the rooms. So it would seem logical that the food was equally impressive. When I took a quick look around, the presentation of the food looked nice.However looks can be very deceiving. I tried the orange glazed ham. It was dry with no hint of orange. The grilled vegetables were also over done. The clam chowder was ok but nothing a can of Campbell's soup cant replace. I tried the Mexican clams. It was underwhelming and the taste did not go well together. Got a couple of warm crab legs but the meat on it was rather dry. Since we came in the late afternoon we were also able to sample the dinner menu. I was actually looking forward to the King Snow Crab legs but they were equally disappointing.The only good thing I can say about this place is that the gelato was pretty good. The service was a bit of a disappointment as well. Since our regular waitress couldn't be found for a good 10 minutes, I flagged down 2 passing servers asking them for the tool to crack open the crab legs. They hardly acknowledged me and as they were walking away one waiter says to the other "Why me?" before hesitantly coming back to get me what I needed. Definitely would not be back here. Living up to its name, this is THE BUFFET to avoid.
4	Buffets are dime a dozen here in Las Vegas, but we really enjoyed the Buffet at ARIA. The food was fresh and tasty. They had a carving station, sushi, crab legs... but the dessert really stole the show. We will definitely be back!
4	Went here for a lunch buffet over the thanksgiving weekend. It was $78 for two. I thought th price was reasonable considering a holiday weekend and allSide story: We went to the Bachanal buffet Friday at Noon. We were given a 175 minute wait time and some smelling salt in case we fainted. j/k about smelling salt. Since no food is worth waiting 3 Hours for, we immediately called the buffet at Aria and were told that there was less than a 15 minute wait time. We drove from Caesar's Palace to Aria and directly headed to the buffet. Pros:1) Our waitress was super nice. There was no high chair for Ian, so she kept on looking and informing us every couple of minutes that she was still looking. She finally managed to nab a high chair and bring it to us. (+1)2) Seafood selections were good. Crab, Shellfish, Sushi and dumplings (esp the Shrimp pot stickers) were delicious I thought.3) Dessert selections were also good.Cons:1) Meat was not good at all.2) Tandoor area was not good either.Other than saying we can cross this buffet off of from our checklist, there was nothing going on with the buffet itself.
1	There was a time in Las Vegas when people would get dressed up to go out to a luxurious dinner served by people in tuxedos in innovative  facilities with impressive modern design and atmospheric lighting.While you may pay a luxurious price for this buffet your experience will not be one of luxury. The servers are dressed like farm hands. The maitre d or perhaps I should say the herder is dressed in a busboy outfit.As for the design of the facility, think one step up from a lunchroom in a school cafeteria. This  is essentially a harshly lit box that charges a lot of money for poor service.
1	Came to Vegas and wanted to go to at least one buffet just for the experience. Came to the wrong one....The service was good, the restaurant was very nice in appearance, and the hygiene was excellent.The price tag was quite frightful, $78 for 2. They charge extra during "holiday" season =December. The "holiday" extra charge is for having holiday items which means they have pumpkin gelato and cheesecake...seriously.We went for brunch.Meats were flavorless, seafood plain, waffles and crepes dry, eggs nice and creamy, yogurt was yummy, the Indian food was worth returning for, chinese looked very unappealing and tasted generic, the majority of dessert were muffins, croissants, donuts, but they had gelato- best coffee ice cream I've had, and 4 cake options- carrot was dry but the vanilla cupcake was delightful.Yes I sampled pretty much everything. For that price I was going to make sure I at least gained 10 lbs by the time I waddled out.In summary, hefty price, not that many options, nothing to really rave about, charge extra for holidays.It's vegas, there are a lot of options, prices, and sizes when it comes to buffets. Do your homework and decide what's worth your money.
3	Not sure what happened to this buffet, it used to be good, but now it was blahhhh.....
2	It was just okay. It's over $100 for two for dinner!  we went dec 30th because we are staying at Aria. It was clean, yes, by the food substandard. The Indian food was good, though, and my favorite part.
1	This was horrible!!!! Over $100 for dinner for two with water and tea! The food was old and tasted gross. On top of that, we both got food poisoning! I know you're thinking people drink in Vegas and then puke, but that is not the case! We didn't drink a drop of alcohol!! We should've complained as we walked out. After throwing up nasty aria buffet all night, it's safe to say we won't be back!
3	To me buffets for the most part are the same, same Food options, same taste, so I may not be a huge buffet goer, it was just okay,  and pricey if you have an appetite your winning but if not it can be a waste
2	Had an early dinner here one Saturday night. $86 for two people. Did not get off to a good start. Seems that we were in the wrong line to pay (prior to being seated) and were barked at by a staff member to stay behind the sign. Once seated, had to wait for about 15 mins before a drink order was taken. Waitress really nice and working at full pace, but clearly not enough staff on. Food was fine and a number of different types - Italian, Carvery, Chinese, Indian, Mexican etc. some staff serving meals -- pasta and Carvery sections were very grumpy indeed. Overall, a very mediocre experience.
4	Lots of variety. Came in a little before noon and Chef Reinaldo Cruz came out and took all the time we needed to show us what was safe, what was risky due to cross contamination, and what was definitely not safe due to rues and binders. He also told us something new... Not only is the sushi rice sometimes not safe due to flour based vinegars but the seaweed paper (nori) can be unsafe as well as some manufacturers use wheat flour to coat the nori so they don't stick! Chef Cruz, thank you for the great info and your time. Gluten free dessert choices were excellent. For celiacs to be safe, you MUST speak to one of the chefs.
2	BF and I came here for our last brunch during our 2014 Anniversary/christmas getaway. It was just alright... We came here on a Sunday around 11 AM. And while waiting in the regular line, patrons told us that if we are M life pearl card holders, we needn't wait in the regular line, we can join the "express line" instead. Which turned out to be a mistake. As soon as we switched the line, all we saw was the people standing in the regular line moving along and being seated. Meanwhile M life pearl or higher members just stood there browsing through our phones, or debating whether or not if we're gonna continue the wait. Just right before we were ready to leave, we were finally seated. To be fair, they do have better food quality than "wicked spoon." And for those looking for crab legs, unpeeled shrimps, or crawfish? This is the right spot! The dessert selections here were a bit underwhelming, and quite truthfully, generic. They served typical buffet style cakes and desserts, even the gelato were quite blend (other than the overpowering sweetness, of course.) And at $46 each person for brunch (tax, tips included,) I thought they can try a little harder.I honestly cannot fathom why they were holding the M life members while letting regular line people in continuously, wouldn't it be fair to rotate? Overall, I'd say it's your typical Vegas style brunch buffet.
2	Ate here about two years ago at lunchtime and there was no line.What was with that? Should have left when I got a closer look and thought it was closed but with food left on this long winding station.The food was OK and it was hot and well marked. Just seemed like a ghost town so I sat by a window near the only other human life forms there. It was fun watching a man pull the crab meat from the claws and put them on a plate for her. Turns out she had really nice nails and he was just a gentleman.Since I had paid a lot for lunch.... I lingered at the desert station and did find some excellent hot deserts.Honestly.... This is the most inhospitable and unwelcoming resort in Vegas. I can afford to stay anywhere so just checked out and into a suite at the MGM Grand. Better view and guaranteed vibe.I did love the futuristic convention center but was stopped by guards for taking photos.
