5	We love Dr. Curran and the entire East Valley Children's Center team! Dr. Curran is thorough, caring, attentive and energetic. My husband and I are constantly pleased by his attention to detail and care for our son. The office staff is also very kind and efficient and we are never left waiting. EVCC also has a superb website that answers all the questions that new parents will have. It's even more comforting to know that the info was written and compiled by the Doctors.
5	For the last 6 years I have always been able to get a same day appointment when my kids are sick. For me that is most important. Dr. Aaron and staff are always friendly. Its a no frills office with a #1 goal of treating kids. A+
5	I have been going to EVCC for almost four years and am consistently impressed by the caliber of the doctors and staff. We see Dr. Curran primarily (who is beyond awesome- really helped us gain confidence as first-time parents of a particularly fussy baby), but love to see Dr. Aaron and Dr. Marstiller as well. The doctors all really care about helping parents, are wonderful with the kids and never rush through appointments. The office generally runs on time (we have only had long waits a handful of times) and they are great about getting sick kids in for appointments on short notice. I have recommended this office and Dr. Curran in particular to all my friends, who are all equally satisfied with him and all the doctors. They also do a really great job explaining the purpose of each vaccine, which is helpful when parents hear so much conflicting information on vaccines. These doctors are great (and the nurse, who I've only seen once, was very nice as well) and we could not be happier to find such a great doctor's office!
5	As a new parent I can't imagine anything worse than having  a sick baby and not being able to get in to see a Dr. I never need to worry about this with EVCC. My daughter suffered from chronic ear infections and with very little notice EVCC always saw us the same day, and in many cases within a few hours of calling. Dr. Curran is caring, professional and most importantly passionate about pediatrics. From time to time we see other practitioners in the office and ALL of them have been excellent. The office is clean and the front office staff is extremely friendly.
5	We have been taking our daughters here for over 10 years and they are one of the best if not the best in the Valley.  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  You can't go wrong here.
5	When our family started going to EVCC I was very frustrated about another pediatric office on the east valley.  I was pleasantly suprised at how great they all were with my children.  All of the practitioners were very thorough.  I never felt that they were doing unrealistic tests on my children or that they were taking any risks with their health either.  Dr. Curran was a great listener and addressed any of my concerns in a very respectful way.  I never felt that either Dr. Curran or Aaron were arrogant but that they partnered with my husband and I in taking care of our children.  Not only do I love Dr. Curran but the front staff is great and very helpful as well. I have 4 children and with that many children I was calling the office at least once a month and they were great! I was so sad when we had to move...:-( however Dr. Curran even helped me in how to search for a new pediatrician.  I would always recommend them.
5	My one year-old son has seen two different peds so far because we choose to attachment parent, and both docs gave us misinformation that as first time parents, we didn't know to question. For instance, supplementing formula while I waited for my milk to come in (my son was well within the normal weight loss two weeks after birth), or allowing our son to "cry it out" when we didn't have issues with him sleeping, other than the fact they he nurses to fall asleep (which the doc had a problem with; I did not). At our first appointment with Dr. Aaron, we told him what we were looking for in our son's physician, and he was supportive, and helped us feel at ease. He even shared that his family coslept also, which was encouraging. I'm so excited to have finally found a doc that gives us all sides, but allows us to make our own decisions without pressure or judgment; true informed consent. I wanted to find a doctor my son (& future kids) can grow up with, and I'm confident I found that with Dr. Aaron at East Valley Children's Group.
5	My son has been seeing providers from EVCC for 15 years and we've been very happy with all the doctors, nurse practitioners and the support staff.  We can almost always get a same day appointment and they have treated us with respect and are very professional.
5	What a great blace.  Would not go any where else.  Great bed side.  Dr. Curran talks to kids.  Make them feel important.  If sick they will get child in same day.
1	The only reason this facility deserves one start is for Dr Aaron. He was great and professional. His staff however was not. The nurses wear jeans and t shirts, very unprofessional. We were referred here by other patients, and I see that was b/c Dr Aaron. I don't see how this place could get so many stars. We have only been coming to this facility since March. We saw a nurse practitioner who was generally knowledgeable, but really pushy about vaccinations which made me uncomfortable as I was never sure I really wanted to vaccinate my kids, also I knew there were some vaccines I knew I didn't want to do, however she was very pushy and not understanding.We have had to call with questions and its often the NPs who return the call and they often don't help us or answer anything without telling us to come in. (this is a greedy money issue) the amount billed to the ins company puts more than brad on their plates. We had to take my one yr old to the hospital for dehydration out was nice that Dr Aaron sees his own patients in the hospital, but the first Dr from his practice didn't even come see us or consult with us the night she was admitted...the nurse told us he stopped by with them didn't even come in to say hello it was more than rude and in such a stressful situation he should have made the effort. When she was released we were supposed to follow up in the office however money did not permit got my high copay...they will not see her without a copay collection. Now she has Thrush. She has had this once before as an infant so I an very familiar with this I called in to the office informing them I am not in a financial situation to bring my daughter in however if they had requested the records from her previous Dr they would know she's had it and all she needs is anti biotics. I wanted to take care of this before she was too uncomfortable to eat or drink. Becky refused the antibiotic. They want another office visit and more money. We have an office visit for July which I will be canceling now that I've had so many issues with rude staff and unprofessionalism. If it were just Dr. Aaron we would go there. I don't recommend this office otherwise.
5	I agree with Lindsay B. I cannot say enough good things about this place. Dr Curran as always been supportive understanding and helped us so much from nicu stays to er visits. This office and everyone in it has been amazing. Our son is not circumcised and it has never come up except to make sure we do not mess with it, We LOVE the nurse practitioner. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE her. She is always so sweet and always sees us last minute. I could not imagine any other Dr office caring for our son. Every doctor has been amazing and we have seen them all for so many different reasons. They take time to explain the whys and hows and have decent supportive conversations wit me about controversial topics. I will say it again WE LOVE THIS PLACE. Even the front desk ladies are always nice.
5	I am very happy with our experiences with this office.  Both of my daughters have been coming here since their newborn visits (over five years now) and we have never had a bad experience.  We usually see Dr. Marstiller and sometimes Dr. Aaron or the NP.  Our longest wait has been maybe ten minutes and my kids don't mind because there are always fun movies on in the waiting areas.  I feel that the providers always take their time with us, the appointment is never rushed, and quality care is provided.  Even when I have called and left messages, I received a prompt and thorough response each time.  The office staff is always friendly and patient too.  We are happy to have found a great pediatric office!
5	My wife and I have been taking our children here for the past 5 years and cannot say enough great things about the care our children recieve there.  The front office staff is always curteous and quick to respond, they always answer their phone, and offer same-day appts.  When you have a sick child the last thing you want to resort to doing is taking them to an urgent care or the ER and EVCC does a great job of always accomodating us the same -day, sometimes within an hour of us calling for an appointment!  Dr. Curan and his staff are not just great with kids, they are excellent at communicating thoroughly with parents as well.  We never feel rushed or leave with any unanswered questions.  We "shopped' around a lot for a good pediatrician prior to our son being born and actually tried a couple others before landing here at East Valley Children's Center.  As far as we are concerned our children will be seen at this office until they are not "children" anymore.
5	We just had our first appointment with Dr. Aaron. He was wonderful and everything I have been looking for in a pediatrician. He was funny and personable, but also professional. He gave me the information I needed without being condescending, and left all of the final decisions up to me. The support staff was also great and the office has a great atmosphere.
5	Dr Curran is the greatest always happy and great with my baby. He is always happy to listen to any concern no matter how small which makes this new first time mom very happy.
5	I rave about Dr Curran to anyone who asks me about our Pediatrician. We didn't have a Dr picked out when my son was born, and because we were at Banner on Dobson, Dr Curran was on duty! How lucky were we, let me tell you. He is ALWAYS in a great mood, and calls our son by his own little nickname, he is so amazing with him and understanding and thoughtful listening to two first time parents. He always assures us we are doing a great job and that he is there if we ever need anything. The one and only partially bad thing I can say about the office, is that 99% of his front office staff SUCKS. They are just rude, and act like they are being tortured, my mom has taken my son in for a couple emergency visits and they always give her a hard time, but I can't even say that it's because it's her, they are just as nasty to us. We have made it a joke to see how pleasant we can be to them to see how annoyed and obnoxious they will be in return. Any way, Dr Curran is amazing, flat out and even though we now live across town, we still drive our son to see him! Would highly recommend him to anyone!
