4	Not closed. As far as the locations go (e. charleston/s. decatur), this is the one we go to the most. It's got bars on the windows, and there is a turnstile upon entering- but don't let that stop you from coming in to shop. Usually find things quick here, and alot more organized and cleaner than the other ones I mentioned (shoeboxes are not scattered all over). Large selection of athletic shoes; many on sale- we get the weekly circulars. Inventory on swimming related items/aids could be better. But seeing as this is one of the few sports stores around, it will do.
3	Small store stuck in the corner of this shopping center.  I have a store close to the house that is bigger, but my husband and I are out running around looking for camping gear and decided to check out the store.It's small but stocked!  It's well organized, clean and staff was helpful.
5	Great sporting store, they always give me great personalized service and what I really love, is if they are low on something u want they will hold it for u.
2	Went here looking for camping gear. Didn't see much of a selection compared with other places, but then again this is a smaller store than other places.They have a small shelf of camping mats/pads, which was what I was looking for. Not those big inflatable mattresses, but a self-inflating or foam pad.Service is a little slow. When I went, it was hard to get the attention of the staff when I had a question. There was also only one register open and a long line of people.
1	Hate this store! Very limited product but what makes it worse is the cashiers! They never greet you coming in or while making purchases! The way in which they direct you through out a transaction is nothing short of ill-mannered! Never again!
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #279 - #365I really didn't plan on coming here but it was on the way towards a restaurant we were going to eat at for dinner. The area is not appealing as it was somewhat in the northern part of the strip. Located in a strip mall, this Big 5 is just like any other Big 5 Sporting Goods Store in any other  city. Customer service was excellent and at least they made us feel welcomed and constantly checked if we were doing ok. They have your usual variety of sporting goods and the store looked very tidy, imo. My Dad found what he was looking for and it was fun to browse and check out what else they had in stock. I prefer to shop at the bigger sporting goods store but when I want to save some $$, I shop at Big 5.
