5	Great experience! I pulled in to have my car washed and learned that today is the grand opening so all car washes are free. Yay! Free is even better than their usual basic wash for $3.00! I parked my car in the groove, took my foot off the break and grabbed my phone to film my experience. Who knew driving through a car wash would be so cool? I'm very pleased with how clean my car is now. I'm going online to get my 50% off prepaid discount card...good for a limited time only.
1	This is a new car wash the old one was pretty much torn out and replaced. This new wash is terrible. Got the $10 wash bugs still on the front, the dryers left tons of water and soap. Top it off there's no air for blowing water outta the cracks and if you use the free vac to do it the tell you to stop. I won't be back.
1	I live near this car wash and can hear the radio playing from 7am until 9pm at night. I have been over there multiple times to ask them to turn it down. They have refused. Ironically they have signs posted everywhere for their customers to not play loud music for it may bother the neighbors. Well the car wash music is all I hear. They are the ones bothering the neighbors and their management does not care. They are very sarcastic and not willing to compromise. If I could give them zero stars, I would. Please turn down the music.
1	Such a bad quick car wash! My stepdad and my self went about 2 times each and we both have tahoes and the second time we used the car wash we noticed huge scratches and scuff marks down the sides of our vehicles. Will never ever go here again and told everyone I know. Clean freak is a much better car wash and is just down the street. Do not go here!!
1	I visited this place for the first time expecting the experience to be similar to my experience at Clean Freak, another car wash with DIY vacuuming.  What I experienced is probably the rudest and most pushy sales experience ever experienced at a car wash.  I first was told that the $3 car wash was nothing more than a rinse but if I purchased their top option, he will knock off $3 off the purchase price.  Red flag #1.  I then asked for the option that was exactly the same as Clean Freak's basic service.  He said that is the $7 option. When I mentioned that Clean Freak only cost $5, I expected to hear reasons why their service is better than Clean Freak.  Nope.  He said, "I dont get paid enough to explain things to customers."   I immediately left and don't expect this company to last too long.  Better service elsewhere for the same price.
1	Scrape/scuff all down the left side of my car.  Now there is a dark line dividing the upper and lower halves of the doors on my white car.
1	I have visited this location about 4 times. This place is horrible. The turn is too tight, my truck rear drivers side tire gets stuck every time. I have watched other sedans get stuck as well. The staff isn't friendly, and you feel like a problem when you're there.
5	This is the best car wash I've ever gotten. It was quick and easy! The vacuums were great, loved the hot wax and the customer service was amazing! My windows were sparkling: no streak marks or scratches!! Definitely will be going back!!
