1	I regret that there's no option to put no stars .....Do not go to this location, unless you want to have your worst experience ever!I'll tell you in short what drove me mad and why I will never go back there again.I set an appointment for ultrasound on May 10 for being seem on May 21. I gave all the info related to my insurance to the scheduling department and I was told to have my ID and my insurance card at the time of the appointment.I arrived 25 minutes prior to my appointment just to be told that my insurance hadn't been verified yet. I was asked to have a seat and wait to be called in. I was waining for more than 50 minutes until I was told that my insurance was not active! OK, I thought, mistakes might happen ... and I called the insurance company myself to see what was wrong.The insurance representative explained me that everything with my insurance was ok and there was no reason to be rejected to be been. I told that to the front desk lady but she continued to advise me to come back another day with valid insurance. That really drove me mad!!! They rejected me without any reasonable explanation why. When I asked the insurance representative if anyone call that day to verify the status of my insurance, she said no! I asked to see the front desk supervisor and to be given explanation why they were wasting my time for something that they must have checked prior to my appointment and if something wrong was found to inform me in a timely manner. Another 40 minute long waiting until the supervisor came. She was very rude, very uncourteous and unprofessional. When I asked why they didn't call the number on the back of my insurance card to verify it, she told me that they do not call anyone!!!! but just check into their system! When I asked her why they were wasting my time, she simply told me to go home and come back again after I solve my insurance problems!!!! Can you believe that!During all that time the insurance representative was on the phone with me and witnessed that ridiculous situation. Then she suggested to ask for the Eligibility Dept fax to fax a proof of my insurance to Desert Radiologists.Fortunately the fax worked and at last after almost long 4 hours of waiting and arguing with them I was seen.This was my worst experience ever since I moved to the USA. I hope nobody will ever have a similar one!
4	It's unlikely that I'm ever going to say, "hey, you know what would be fun on my last day of vacation? Yeah, getting an ultrasound on my leg". So, I was prepared to be less than excited.  The facility itself is not awesome and the wait was ridiculous. They get the four stars because the technician was very helpful and gave me as much information as she could in such a way that I had information without her violating the rules about giving me information. This will make sense to any of you who have had any kind of medical test and you know the technician knows "stuff", but they are not allowed to tell you and yet the tech finds a way to tell you. I'm sorry if this is confusing, Maybe we can get a tech to explain it.  I know you know what I mean.The other thing that brought on the extra stars was having my friend in the room with me.  I had no idea how anxious I was until I got closer to the room. Having my friend in the room helped. The (same) tech was great about letting us talk and pretend that my leg was not being poked and prodded. My friend of course should get 5 stars, but I don't know that she would appreciate being reviewed.I have been to both Cathedral Rock and the Eastern location. I like the Eastern one better.I would appreciate some benches or chairs without arms. Lastly, great fish tank and if you happen to be there when a  5 year old and a 3 year old are looking at the fish, you are very lucky, indeed. In fact, I might just go back to visit the fish as well as any children visiting the fish.
1	Extremely long wait. Over an hour. The sign says to please inform them if you've waited longer than 15 minutes but since the place was packed I gave them 20. When I asked one of the receptionists she said I've already been called. I said I've been sitting there the entire time and didn't hear anybody call my name. She said she's informing the person in-charge and they will call me when they're ready to take me in. I waited for another 20 minutes before asking again. It was a different person this time as the other lady was helping a couple and she was confused why I wasn't called since my barcodes were all printed out. I sat for another 25 minutes before I finally got called. Never coming back.
5	Recently, I had a most positive experience at Desert Radiology on Eastern and Viking. I am surprised to see reviews that don't do justice to this stellar facility and caring staff. Therefore, I feel inclined to set the record straight based on my own personal experience. Just one day previous to my visit at Desert Radiology, I had a frustrating 4.5 hour nightmare at UMC. For the procedure I needed they required me to register in admitting where they insisted on collecting the balance of my insurance deductible without telling me the cost of my procedure. Finally, I refused to proceed with blood work until I was informed of the procedure cost. The cost was $10, 278.18!When I sought an alternative to UMC, my faith was renewed by the caring staff at Desert Radiology. Their location at Eastern and Viking is equipped for the same sterile procedure I would have received in the hospital and for one-tenth the cost! Furthermore, the unnecessary charges for blood work and anesthesia were not required at Desert Radiology. Instead of having to arrange round trip transportation and take anesthesia I did not need, I was able to drive myself and receive the procedure with only local anesthetic! The DR team worked hand in glove, to deliver professional and personable care while I was there.  A few days after my procedure, I called to find out where to obtain some of the supplies that they used on me. They graciously had me come in and gave me what I needed allowing me to bypass the waiting room. I would not let the reviews that refer to complaints on the waiting room wait deter me from receiving treatment from the staff at Desert Radiology on Eastern Avenue.
