5	Really more like 4.5*I do not give such high ratings often but this place totally rocks. Take my order quick, many things to customize your pita with, was not over priced, tasted REAL good AND was healthy. Their menu is really neat too, with many items and even manier (Is it a word?) customizations you can do.I am sure as hell coming back for more. It just might be very well my new favorite quick food place It aint no fast food)"I like""Very nice"EugeneEdit: Been there a bunch more times and its always good. Bumping up for consistency of goodness.
3	I am new to the Pita thing, but it came highly recommended by a coworker and decided to tag along. The place is in a shopping center next to a Subway, and it had a similar feel. I ordered a Philly cheese steak pita, and had it the way they normally make it. A pita bread is stuffed with meat, cheese, and veggies, and topped with a special sauce. It was hot, filling, inexpensive and I got a bag of chips and a soda to go with, for about $8 and change. I'll definitely go again when I get the urge. A good lunch stop, but I would not go out of my way for it.
4	I really liked this place! I'm always looking for a lunch option that's not sit-down but isn't just a sandwich shop or fast-food joint. Extreme Pita definitely fills that void. First of all, the people working there were super-friendly and helpful. Second, the food we ordered was really good and satisfying! I ordered the Falafel Fanatic (pita filled with hummus, veggies, and hot sauce). My husband got the Gyro. I believe both sandwiches ran around $8 (including a drink and chips). The falafel was a little dry, but the flavor was right-on, and the hot sauce added the perfect kick to the milder falafel and hummus. The grilled veggies also tasted fresh. The meat in my husband's choice was also good-quality, and the pita was moist but not too doughy. As an added bonus, both pitas were huge - lots of value but also flavor for your lunch money. Can't beat that!
4	This place is great for a fast pita joint. Its like a Pita Subway, the actually really should rename this place PIta Subway. Cause you order and you go through and tell them what you want on it as you watch through the glass. The ingredients are fresh and its a healthy fast meal. The even have make your own Pita Pizza, which is awesome! This isn't your Pita Jungle or anything but its yum for what it is. This kinda reminds me of that Simpson's episode where they had the Fleeta Pita franchise. Extreme Pita is basically Fleeta Pita :)
