5	Just around the corner from the Madison Concourse, this new restaurant was an excellent find. My husband and I shared a non-vegetarian dinner for two that gave an excellent variety of the tastes and spices we were looking for. Great atmosphere and service too!
4	For those not aware, this is the restaurant formerly known as Taste of India - same location and phone number.I phoned in my order at 9:50 PM when they closed at 10 and they still took my order.  My Chicken Tikka Masala was great with great full taste and large chunks of chicken.  My only qualm is that the portion size seems a little small for the price.
2	We ordered through straight2yourdoor, so maybe that's why the food was so bad, but ... Plenty of people have figured out how to make food taste good, even after a 5 minute car ride.For 4 people getting one entree and one piece of naan, plus one $4 appetizer, our whole dinner cost $90. And it wasn't good. The dough on our momo was chewy and the naan was like trying to rip off a piece of cartilage. The curries were all watery. I was so upset I just spent $90 on that!I don't think many people in Madison have had a lot of Indian food if this was good to them ...
4	I liked this place before they changed their name. It is basically the same. Delicious aloo naan. Good vegetarian options. Very large menu. Always deserted at dinner time. This was my third snow-storm trip to Madison and we wanted to dine at Taste of India. This time our service was polite and attentive. Of course, we had the place to ourselves. But the server was pleasant and quick with the refills. The food: overall good flavors. Small dishes for the price, though. Our bill was about $50 for two lassi (drinks), one order of aloo naan ($2.95), and two masala dishes (lamb and vegetable). There wasn't really enough to take home from either of our dishes, and they could have been more generous with the vegetables. But the flavors were there.Overall a good place and would recommend.
4	I'll start by saying I'm no expert on Indian food. In fact, I hadn't even had Indian food I liked before coming here recently. I went with a couple of other people and ordered the chicken vindaloo, the chicken tikka masala, chicken chilli, spinach naan, and cheese naan. The cheese naan blew my mind. I doubt that's even an authentic thing, but wow is it amazing. All of our entrees were seasoned perfectly, as one of the people in my group made sure to order it "Indian spicy". It wasn't heat, but rather a blend of several spices that managed to stand apart from one another. It was fabulous. The portion size of the chicken tikka seemed a bit small for $13, but I actually ended up taking half of it home because it was so filling! I'm a fan.
5	Big fan of their buffet. Lunch buffet is 9.99 plus tax for variety of Indian food , desserts and fresh salad and fruits.The Service is really good , the owner's wife I guess , she always has smiles on her face and really friendly. The Price is decent for variety of choices.The Food is good : My favorite are butter chicken and some yummy curry beef and their fruit rice.Totally recommend for someone want to try different kinds of Indian food before they order dishes for dinner.
3	The ability to sit on the square was really nice with a great view of the square.  The food was solid but not the best Indian I have had in Madison.  Garlic Naan was a bit flat and the dishes were not terribly aromatic or bursting with flavor.  I would come back for sure as it is a nice experience.  Perhaps it was a one off night.  I enjoyed myself and will return at some point.
5	Delightful food, great service. My wife and I just enjoyed some excellent late-night take-out from Mirch Masala. We stopped in to order their "non-vegetarian dinner for two" to go. We were in a hurry because our date night was at an end and we had to pickup our kids at a certain time.The staff at the bar were welcoming. We ordered our food - which they customized to our spice preference, medium in our case - and then shared a glass of wine at their bar while we waited. It was cozy, the music was appropriate and not too loud dirt didn't interfere with our ability to talk. We regretted not being able to stay longer to enjoy the atmosphere.Our food was ready very quickly which we appreciated and packaged extremely well. There were lots of sauces included with our meal and they survived the ride home perfectly.  Even after thirty minutes in the car, the food was hot and smelled delicious. It tasted even better! Two saucy dishes (one chicken, one lamb), a huge serving of steamed rice, seasoned chicken and other ethnic treats awaited us. My wife and I were thrilled with the entire meal  - every dish was different and flavorful.We were extremely pleased with Mirch Masala and are already looking forward to returning so we can enjoy their outdoor seating the next time we're hungry for good Indian food.
3	Wish I could give it a 2.5.  Nice place. Clean and well kept.  Smelled great when I walked through the door.  Service was excellent as I got a table right away and was shown the buffet.Seemed to be plenty of food.  I'd give the naan bread at least a 4, very good.  But the rest of the food was well boring.  I didn't get all the nuances of flavor that I expect from Indian food.  It was like a mid-west meat and potatoes style Indian food.  I want to get a POW sensation when I eat vindaloo (it's vindaloo, its supposed to be HOT) but nothing.So if your palette runs to mild food this is the place.  If the great use of spices is what you want in Indian food, look elsewhere.
4	I've only eaten here for their lunch buffet, but have had that around 10 times.  I've eaten at a number of Indian Restaurants around town.  I think this place is very similar to most of the other places I've been.  It's always consistent, service is always good, and the food has great flavor.Although a bit pricey compared to non-Indian restaurants, it's right on par with its' peers.  I think lunch runs about $11 without a drink.  If you like Indian food, and you're used to Americanized Indian Buffets, I think you'll enjoy you're lunch here at Mirch Masala.
4	Great place to grab lunch or dinner. View of the capitol too! Only gave it 4 stars though because it looks like every other Indian restaurant (Like a Banquet hall) But the food was great! Had the beef curry and rice and 5 stars on the food.
2	I went here on the recommendation that it was really tasty, but I didn't find this to be true at all. As someone who is accustomed to Indian food from India, I was hoping for some authentic dishes. It was frustrating that all of their food seemed to have a similar spice base. In fact, their paneer sauce tasted more like tomato soup than anything else I'd had.The service was great and the location was nice, but if you have had Indian food before, don't go here. On a more positive note, their Mango Lassi was tasty (but again, not at all authentic).
1	Well, the food SMELLED good.  However, upon being seated, we received two pieces of news that precipitated a rapid exit: 1) they were no longer honoring the coupons we had purchased--that prompted us to visit Mirch in the first place--because 2) they were closing in two days.Buh-bye.
5	We ordered the Lamb Biryani, Beef Saab, Lamb Masala for dinner.  All were delicious! Service was attentive, and the restaurant was conveniently located in the Capitol Square. Nice, cozy atmosphere. I'll be back for more.
