1	I've always been a Vodafone customer, but on several occasions leaving this particular store I've vowed to leave! It is ridiculous in here, it embodies everything I loathe about large mobile companies. Any enquiry I've ever had going into this shop has been met with 'phone the customer helpline' - every single time. When I've gone in to get some help with my phone I've always had to wait at least 20minutes (if I've not walked out by then) or, surprise surprise I'm told to phone the customer helpline. AGHH!!!It really frustrates me in this shop, it's almost as if they don't want my custom. Every other Vodafone store I've been in has been brilliant and I've been really pleased and satisfied with the service I've received, but this particular branch really gets my goat. And I want my goat back.
3	I've been stuck with Vodafone for a while, and while they aren't too problematic I reckon there is a better network out there for me. But my phone broke with a few months left on my contract so I ended up upgrading and starting a new contract. I had done my research before going to the store and decided I wanted a Blackberry Bold. So I went to the store and told this to the shop assistant who seemed to ignore everything I said. He insisted that I get some I-phone rip off and kept showing me how fantastic it was. Look you can watch TV on it! Eh cheers but I have a TV for watching TV on. It got kind of annoying. Especially after I told him in no uncertain terms I didn't want a touch screen. He then proceeded to grill me on why I wouldn't want touch screen. It was all very tiring. I eventually got my Blackberry but I could the guy was really hacked off that I wasn't helping him meet his sales target for the day.
1	just as busyjust as uselessjust as rudeboo to you, vodafone!!
2	With their slick haircuts from the mid 90s, security guard style shoes, and corny "matey" attitude that evaporates completely if you don't accept the shitty, overpriced deal they relentlessly try to force upon you, it's safe to say that mobile phone salesmen are among the main reasons I tend to give stores like this a wide berth.Get one from the internet, you can get utterly massive free tellies / games consoles thrown in as well.
