5	I've stayed here twice now.  Once in January and again this month.  No complaints.  The rooms are clean, the staff is very helpful and the morning breakfast is not skimpy (lots of choice).  I've not used the pool, but have been told it is heated.  I've used the exercise facilities onsite (not a huge collection of equipment, but not too sparse either).  Lots of parking and beautiful views in all direction as much of the land around this hotel is still in it's natural state.  Don't let that comment fool you though.  The hotel is just across the freeway from the Arizona spring training grounds along with shopping, dining and other activities.  The location will give you quiet outside your window if you are a light sleeper.I will be staying here again, and look forward to my next visit in 3 months.Cheers!
5	We stayed here after a trip to the Grand Canyon and let me just say this hotel made me feel like I was heaven in comparison to where we stayed the night before. When we arrived that evening there might've been two other cars in the parking lot. It was very quiet on the floor we were on, the beds were very comfortable, and our bathroom was super swanky for a hotel (I should've got a photo!). After spending a few days eating fast food, their breakfast really hit the spot. You have no idea how great cereal and eggs that weren't slathered in grease tasted. The area around the hotel was very quiet for being next to a casino. We sat by the pool that evening; the water was far too cold to get in and enjoy the water, but it was nice ambiance. I would definitely stay here again!
5	I have stayed at this Hampton Inn twice in the last year.  This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  The staff is very friendly and bend over backwards to help in any way they can.  They always go out of their way to help with whatever is needed.  the rooms are clean and spacious, the A/C works without being noisy, the breakfasts in the morning are great and there is a large choice of food to choose from.  They have a complimentary shuttle to take you to the store, restaurants, or anywhere else you need to go within 5 miles.  They will even wait for you to bring you back.  Just be aware that the hotel is on Indian land and they do not serve alcohol or food.
5	I have organized and held an event at this hotel twice. The staff is amazingly pleasant and helpful. They have gone way above and beyond what I would ever expect and always done it with a smile on their face and a great attitude. And, the rooms are great and most importantly clean. I actually stay at the hotel even though I live ten minutes away because it is such a great experience.
4	4.5 stars. Recently stayed here for 2 nights while visiting friends in Scottsdale.The Studio King Suite is a good size, especially for the $120 per night we paid.This hotel is still very new so everything was in good condition.The room was very clean..... except for the windows which were dirty.The room has everything you need.... small fridge, small microwave, sitting area and large flat screen TV.The one thing missing is a room safe! Not sure why they have everything else and didn't put a safe in the room?!The walls a little thin and I did hear the neighboring rooms and people walking down the hall. I thought it was odd since the hotel is so new. I would expect it to be constructed a little better.The breakfast that was included was pretty good. Not the best hotel breakfast but still better than most. ....  Make your own waffles, pre-made southwest omelets (which were a lot better than they looked!!), potatoes (which were good!), oatmeal and some cold cereals as well as some muffins and bagels. Good location! This hotel is located directly across from the Talking Stick Indian Casino. I heard a few people were staying at this hotel to attend a concert at the casino. The rooms must be cheap here than at the casino!!Free WiFi and it worked well.Large parking lot!Small pool at the back of the hotel.I would stay here again.
4	This hotel is an EXCELLENT alternative for someone who wants to be away from it all while still being within 10 minutes of everything you need. For example, this hotel is built in what will inevitably be a well developed area. However, right now, every piece of land is open (which the exception of the casino/hotel next door) and you can see for miles. I like that. In this day and age, space is hard to find. For $109/night ($89/night on the weekends) you can find it.As for the room itself, they are standard Hampton fare, which is to say excellent for a so-called value hotel. Don't expect the W, but do expect clean and up-to-date rooms. Beds are very comfortable, but the duvet covers are a little short (I like to snuggle up). Air conditioning works like a champ. The morning breakfast is nothing to be extremely happy about, but it did it's job. WIFI is free too, another rare occurrence. Beware of flooding at this location. During my stay, AZ decided to do an impression of OR and rain the entire weekend. Those parked in the back parking lot were lucky to get their cars back without flooding, with the sacrifice of soaked shoes and socks. Minor problem, as the parking lot is huge and the hotel is yet to be discovered.
5	Very nice! Clean and comfortable room. Quiet location.  Close to shopping and a great base to explore the area from.
5	Service of the staff was great. They were all attentive and helpful with answers to any questions I had. The rooms are very clean along with the rest of the hotel. You can't get better for the money. I will be back again.
3	I stayed here three nights from 04/28-05/01/14.  I am posting a bit early, after having stayed two nights of my three.  This hotel is in a great location in Scottsdale, just off Loop 101; it is easy to find and get to.  The hotel is fairly new and everything is fresh, clean and bright.  Check-in was a breeze and the front desk attendants were very courteous and helpful.  The room was nice and the bed is GREAT.  The price is about $125 a night plus tax, but with discounts I think I paid slightly less.  Overall good value.  Free Wifi.  Nice breakfast but it is the standard hotel fare ... just like Holiday Inn Express or some of the others.  I will definitely stay here again and have no reservations recommending this hotel to other travelers.  You won't be disappointed.  I disagree with some of the ratings.  This is a nice place but it is not a 4 or 5 star hotel.
1	Stayed 10/25/14. It was horrible. Walls were so thin I could hear the guy in the next room throwing up. Could hear our neighbors tv. The fridge was loud and could not be used and our room was stuffy even though we turned the air up it never cooled down! Don't stay here!!!
1	I wanted to like this place for its location but after staying here for 4 nights I can't possibly recommend it to anyone.  They could be a nice property but they have too many things not being done correctly.If you stay here please note the following:When you check in, if the person at the front desk says they have a room for you that is next to maintenance and it might be noisy in the morning but they will comp you $25 a night for it, refuse it on the spot.  It's room 107. You will be awakened by banging, a radio turned on, and other noise as maintenance and other hotel personnel prep things for the day.  They have work to do but the noise starts around 4:45 and you will not sleep through it. It's rude awakening. I told them it would't do in the morning and they were quick to give me another room without a blink so customer service is not an issue at all. But, they shouldn't be offering that room to anyone at anytime.This brings the noise issue to the next point.  This is a new property and it was obviously done with poor construction.  The walls are very thin with little or no sound proofing.  After I was given another room in exchange for 107, I thought all was well. But I could hear the TV in the room next to mine until after 2am and could even hear the person in that room snoring!  It's their right to have a TV on (it wasn't blasting) and they have a right to snore too.  But this hotel has such poor construction that it's all audible from the room next door.  I assume they heard my TV too.Their free wifi:  Spotty and unbelievably slow. It's 2014 guys, you need to offer people a speed that is solid and fast.  People have work to do.As I said, I wanted to like this place more but I won't return.  Scottsdale has other options, the people traveling there expect more and this place won't last if it doesn't get it's act together soon.
