3	Cheap overpriced knits.  Big selection of basic styles in multiple colorways with a mix of unique styles (holographic stretch pants!).  Not so nice sales people.  I did like the tall socks and legwarmers though.
4	During a little walk-around-town day with my friends during a Vegas vacation, I stopped by the Caesar's Palace American Apparel. I must honestly say, it was probably one of the best experiences I've ever had at a clothing store in recent memory. Most of the time, regardless of which clothing store, the moment you walk in, you won't be greeted or even acknowledged. But surprisingly, my friends and I were warmly greeted by some of the nicest employees to possibly ever work at a retail store, let alone an American Apparel. They were quick and eager to help, and genuinely enthusiastic at that.Initially I was apprehensive about stepping into the store, due to a previous experience at the AA in Huntington Beach on Main Street. But I guess depending on who's working, I was glad I decided to shop at that American Apparel when I did.-- Quan
5	This is my favorite AA store out of all the ones I've been to, because the employees are actually FRIENDLY. Seriously, I think I've had one of the best customer service experiences ever at this store. Most AA employees I've encountered have been ultra snobby and have this "hipper than thou" attitude, but here they actually want to help you! They'll greet you, ask if you need help, then ACTUALLY help you if you need it; finding sizes, suggesting items, helping out at the dressing room, providing compliments (haha, and not even in the oh just buy the shit and get out of here way), etc. etc. There was one guy in ridiculous lemon slim slacks and neon purple tee who was the most helpful, sweetest guy ever (hit me up!). When he heard I was job hunting, he told me I should apply and what I should do to score an interview. Aww. As for the clothing itself, I love it. Some of their stuff is ridiculous, but I am such a whore for their deep V's, especially the tri blend. So soft! I hate how overpriced they are though. Because they're made in an American sweatshop instead of a Mexican one! Whatever. But their clothes fit well and are pretty damn good quality, so I will keep shelling out.
4	I just love the fact that they added this to caesar's agenda. They had some really cool stuff the last time I went; buy one get one frees, 50% offs, etc. The store is kind of tight on space and it isn't so crowded being on the 3rd floor. Not touristy, which is what I like. I always come back.
4	Oh, bless you, American Apparel. I was flippin FREEZING on our trip to Vegas so this place was the prime location to buy some nice, normal leggings to wear under my dresses. I really enjoyed their sticker in their window which read "I like America and America Likes Me" which not only made me feel mildly patriotic, but also made me happy because I'm assuming it has to be in reference to Joseph Beuys, who I'm sure you all love as much as I do.
