5	I went to Rainbow Tailor & Cleaners because it was close to my house, and it was the best decision I ever made.  They brought my baggy nursing scrubs in about two inches and also sewed on a few patches onto my uniform.... Now, everything's perfect!  They did such a beautiful job that I came in a couple hours later to drop off more clothes that needed work!  Best Part?  EVERYTHING was done the following day!  Now, that's customer satisfaction.
5	I really like Rainbow Tailor and Cleaners.The service is efficient and friendly. Dry cleaning is usually ready for pick up in two days. They automatically help me fix my buttons if there are almost about the fall off. When I pick up my sweaters, they are folded all nice and neat with tissue and a ribbon like it's brand new from the store. Love it =)Tip: Bring back your dry cleaning bags and hanger for them to reuse
5	Great next day service with my alterations. They fixed several pairs of slacks for me for a very reasonable price. Well definitely use again for a tailor. I havent used them as a dry cleaners, so i dont know about the price or cleaning quality.
1	don't go there, the most horrible experience ever. they altered my jeans to the point that i cannot wear it or return them. they were very rude and when i asked for my money back i didn't got the full price i paid. and the money was thrown to me.
1	A stain stick gets stains off better.  I'd rather hose my suit off and let it dry outside than go this place.  Horrible customer service
1	I took a pair of courderoy jeans in for a simple 1/2' tear repair. The woman ran the sewing machine over the material about 50 times leavong a 2-3 inch mess of scarring over the material.        ---- When I asked her WHAT she had done- She started screaming..at ME!!---- I asked her to stop screaming and being rude- and she just got worse-- Avoid the place!!!
4	I took a family member to this tailor while visiting for the holidays. Her favorite pair of pants had a rip in them and she needed them back to wear for the rest of the trip. Not only did they take care of her within hours, they pressed them too, and all for no charge! What a wonderful display of generosity.  I will definitely be giving these folks my business from now on.
5	Still my go to place for dry cleaning. I usually take in my suits, sweaters, coats, and dresses and everything comes out great. There's not too much to it, they get the job done. I know it says tailor in the name of their store but I've never had anything altered here. Yes, fix a hem or a button but not full on, take in my suit, so I can't recommend them for this. FYI: It's in the New Day Cafe and Jenni Pho shopping center.
5	I have been using them for 6 years now, they may be a little more expensive but they are 100% worth it.  Very nice, extremely good and the husband does great tailoring. I highly recommend.
5	They are a great cleaners, and just wonderful people! They do great alterations, have had many formal dresses altered, as well as suit jackets and pants. They do original hem on jeans which is awesome! If anyone says anything bad, just give them another chance! I have been going here for 5 years, and never had one problem. They are worth it if they are a bit over the price of other cleaners. You pay good money for your clothes, pay a little extra for a great cleaners!They will work with you on everything!
5	Great place and close to my house. I use to drive across town to get alterations done and I'm glad I checked this place out. They have a quick turn around time and get you in and out during your fittings.
1	First off they were late on their work, she told me my jeans would be hemmed by Friday when I had brought them in on Tuesday but when I come in on Friday she tells me to wait 30 mins because they still don't have them done. But anyways, they Completely ruined a $200 pair of selvedge denim after I had been very specific on what I wanted done. Staff was unfriendly and disconnected, spoke broken English and told me "not to worry" when I was giving her very specific instructions on hemming my jeans. Worst experience ever.
5	There is a new owners now, and they nice and friendly. I love what they did inside. Nice big fitting room, looks and feels more cleaner when you walk inside. The alteration they do, just amazing. The lady that works there does any kind  alterations just name it and she'll do it. They even added express alterations, you can have it done within 24hr  the pandering what you have. And the cleaners is so much batter now.
