5	I just got a new puppy and of course, I looked into where I could get him neutered and how much it was going to cost me. Vets charged between $200 to $400 so I was really hoping to find someplace that wouldn't be as pricey but wasn't a shady chop shop either. A friend recommended the Arizona Spay & Neuter Clinic and I must say that I am glad to have found this place.First, they are a few dollars more expensive than the other non profit clinics but it's worth paying the extra $. Everytime I called with a question the phone was answered and all of my questions were answered. No waiting, no attitude, no rush.When I brought my puppy in, I arrived promptly at 8am and there was no wait. The vet and the staff chatted with me and made me feel better about leaving my puppy and the surgery he was about to go through. I know neutering your pet is the right thing to do but still... you feel bad that you're about to castrate your new baby.I went back at 3pm to pick up the puppy and the staff went through all of the after surgery do's and don'ts. I wanted to be well prepared so I was ready to buy the anti-biotic pils, the e-collar, the extra anti-biotic injection, etc.... anything that the staff was going to recommend. Get this! The staff was honest and told me that all I needed was extra pain meds. That's it. No dishonest upsells!It's just refreshing to find a clinic that is willing to take good care of your pet and walk you through the whole process and not try to sell you on unnecessary extras. I was worried about what to do if there was an infection or if my puppy was in pain and it was good to know that I could always bring my puppy back for a follow up visit and I wouldn't have to pay extra to go to a vet. Support this clinic and bring your pets here! You'll be happy with the staff and will be definitely be happy for the peace of mind.
5	I took my 2 year old queensland heeler in to be spayed this weekend and didn't really know what to expect, as this obviously is not her regular vets office.  We were wonderfully surprised by the level of service provided not only by the doctor, but by the techs as well. Everyone who handled my dog was very friendly and very understanding.  They took excellent care of her, and didn't charge me an arm and a leg for doing the surgery!  For the price I paid here, it would've cost over $400 at her vets office and why pay that when you can get the same things done for less without sacrificing your pets health and well being!  I would absolutely reccommend this clinic to everyone!
1	I brought my dog here to get neutered. When I went  to get him, his right eye seemed irritated and barely kept it open. Being new to this, I thought it was because he was on anesthesia and maybe it'll go away. Couple days later, it was just as bad. They referred me to an animal hospital. My visit cost $80 including ointments.  He got a cornea ulcer which the new Vet said could have happened at the neuter clinic.  Afterwards I called the clinic to see if they could consider compensation since this could have been prevented at the clinic. The doctor immediately got defensive and argued back saying it happened before I brought him in. NOT TRUE. I was being calm and he finally agreed to pay half. He never did send anything. These people did not take responsibility. I will not bring my dog back and advise everyone else NOT to. Terrible customer service.
1	Keep your beloved pets away from this unprofessional place. A few months ago I took my young kitten into Dr. Pence at AZ Spay & Neuter for a typical spay for her. The surgery was done the same day by the Dr. Pence himself and later that day I picked her up seemingly without any complications. Nearly a week went by when it was detected that the kitten was in pain with a dis-coloring on the belly area that exacerbated each day. Little did I know from a routine surgery, but Dr. Pence (according to a professional vet who corrected the mistake) failed to properly stitch up the fibrosis layer tissue and subsequently internal bleeding was causing the dis-colorization. I asked him how such a simple routine procedure by someone who bragged about their 35 years of experience could be so botched? In response he had nothing at all to say in his defense and was not remorseful in the least for his mistake if not confrontational about it when contacted. Needless to say I took my kitten to a real vet to have the damaged caused by AZ Spay & Neuter repaired to the tune of $500 asking the clinic to at least help with the expensive bills of which they refused. So that response to it and the terrible job that nearly killed my little kitten over their negligent surgery, is reason for this terrible review on a nightmarish experience.
5	This place is great. I have two bunnies, and I had called all over for prices on spay & neutering. Every place was quoting at least $130 for just the neuter, and as much as $200 for the spay. I was worried I wouldn't be able to afford it, when I came across AZ Spay & Neuter Clinic. It only cost me $58 for the neuter, and $70 for the spay.  I was nervous about the quality of surgery with a price so cheap, but it has been two weeks since I took my bunnies in, and they have not had any problems at all. They haven't shown signs of pain, there was no swelling, everything went perfectly and for half the price of other places.
5	I am fairly new to town and needed a place to take my Westie for routine check-ups. I am very picky about my dog and Az Spay put my mind at ease. They treated him like a VIP! I wish some doctor's offices would treat me that good! It was a little more $$$ than what I was used to, but it was well worth it.
5	Great place, its conveniently close to my house and cheap and fair on prices!!!! i had Dr. Pence so far neuter both my dog and cat and he has given shots to all 3 of my dogs.  great little place!!!!! he even fixed my dogs ear when she had an ear infection. saved me easily 100.00 dollars. THANKS! will continue to return
5	Went here this morning to get the necessary second round of vaccinations for my darling little 11 week old German Shepherd puppy, Fiona. Walked right in and there was no wait so they ushered into a room right away. Treva fawned over Fiona and was very good with her. I got Fee's first shots at Banfield and showed the paperwork to Dr. Pence who jotted everything down in a Pet Passport for me so that all records are in one place. Prior to doing the vaccinations, Doc explained why they do vaccinations when they do and went through the timeline going forward. Zach held Fiona while doc administered the vaccinations and we just had one little yelp (no pun intended) and all was well! The whole process was quick, easy and painless. The price was also great.... $40 for the whole shabang! Fiona left in a good mood and actually wanted to go back inside once we left.... always a good sign for a vet!! We will definitely be going back for the rest of her vaccinations and for the big procedure... Highly recommend!
5	Not sure what's going on with the average rating here. I want to support all the veterinary clinics in Arcadia (I have an accident prone boxer so I have been to many of them at one time or another!) but...as spay & neuter clinic does just as good of a job at much much lower prices! Everything from shots to teeth cleaning to obviously spay & neuter. The staff is great the doctor is great. My dog is very sweet but she has a huge beef with vets and literally gets a little aggressive and they are so patient and understanding and still so sweet to my hazel even when she is pretty intimidating. They are completely honest too...not like a lot of vets or businesses in general who just want your money. I called about having hazels teeth cleaned bc get breath got rank all of a sudden lol and when I called the girl told me honestly a 2 yr old large breed dog...I highly doubt she needs her teeth cleaned. Small dogs & old dogs yes but you really don't need to spend the cash on her just get her some breath stuff from anywhere and some rawhides. So if you need anything for your cat or dog outside of an emergency visit take them to as spay & neuter (unless you have a bottomless wallet of course!).
5	My moms dog was some how cut when we were at our cabin up north. she took her to ingle side animal clinic and $600 later she had ten stitches. Well than the dog ripped five of them out so I called ingle side animal hospital back and they said it would be another $450! I called az spay and neuter clinic just to see what they would charge and she quoted me ,"$125 if that". WAY better pricing here!!!
5	I had to get my dog her rabies shot. I walked in was immediately takin to a room. Fifteen minutes Later and only $18 I was done and walking out! Love this place
5	This clinic is the best! Friendly, affordable, and good at what they do.Services our dog received there over a 2 year period: spay, vaccines, hernia surgery, glands squeezed, nails trimmed (and this is the ONLY place that can trim our dog's nails and keep her calm).They are so honest and the value is great compared to the prices of other clinics - we shopped around and have been so happy here.
1	Just took our dog in to get his teeth cleaned and specifically asked them to call us before pulling any teeth and never heard from them all day. Went to pick our dog up to find out they pulled 3 and only told us 2 (including a front middle one)teeth with out our consent and put 4 teeth on the bill and added 70 dollars to our bill!!!! Very unprofessionaI want it to say they pulled 3 teeth, told us 2 His gums now have blisters. He gets his teeth cleaned each yr and teeth do not rot to the root in one .  And the previous vet never said his teeth were rotting. He is only 4 yrs old so this should not have happened!!Especially with out a phone call!!!!
5	I have been going here for both my pups. I tell everyone to go here for fast friendly & affordable pet services.I have saved so much $$ & time here! Check out their website for prices. My younger pup had his big day to get neutered . We had to part ways for the day & I was very worried for him. But as I was leaving, one of the vet techs was cuddling him & I even saw him give him a little pup kiss! I didn't say anything but it relieved me that my little guy was going to  be just fine! I suggest get there early, the front waiting room is small - and if other dogs are stressed out or barking it's a lot to handle early in the morning .. At least for me ( I'm half asleep till 11am) lol!The clinic is very clean and  has warm feeling when you enter. I even suggested my friend to take her foster dog there! And one of the gals that work there adopted the pup! Check out this place before purchasing expensive pup plans from other places- you will not be disappointed!
1	Would never go back and never recommend.  Just paid $542 at our regular vet today ( Friday ) to fix the bad neuter they did Monday. My poor dog was in so much pain. Never. Again.
5	This team of veterinarians is AMAZING!! I made an appointment to get my German Shepherd fixed and they were able to get her in quickly for a great price. Most important, they were so kind and took wonderful care of her. I highly recommend this veterinary office.
5	To all pet owners who are looking for a cheap yet quality place to get your dog vaccinated- LOOK NO FURTHER. The AZ Spay and Neuter Clinic is THE place to go! I needed to get my dog vaccinated for his first rabies shot ASAP because I was going out of town the next day and he required the vaccine in order to stay at the pet hotel (see Scottsdale Veterinary Clinic for great deals on pet boarding!). I called early in the morning and was pleased to find out that they have a vaccine clinic every day from 8AM-9AM, where you can walk in without making an appointment. I took my German Shepherd mix puppy to get vaccinated, and the staff was quite helpful. The office was a bit busy, so there wasn't much interaction between the office techs, but that is always understandable. I filled out the necessary paperwork, and waited about a maximum of 15-20 minutes to get my dog weighed and into the examination room. From there I waited a few minutes for the vet to arrive, where she examined Griffen and quickly gave him a rabies shot. I was charged ONLY $18 for the examination and the vaccine, which, to most pet owners should sound like a Slammin' Deal- because it is! Most of their other vaccinations cost around the same price. When I need to renew his vaccines, or get other treatments I will most definitely be coming here! Good service and great prices!
5	We've had two pugs neutered and one pug spayed here -- all 3 procedures went without a hitch! Other than being a little bit sleepy the rest of the day, all pugs were back to normal the next day like nothing had happened!Their prices are MUCH more reasonable than all the other quotes we'd gotten. Paid about $80 for the neuters...a little more for the spay i think but not by much.
