5	This is my favorite place to get my hair cut in all of C-U. It's a Korean place, yes. Most of the other clients are Korean, yes. I'm not, though, and while the first time I went I wondered if I was going to feel intimidated, I was immediately put at ease. The stylist gave me a wash and this fantastic towel-neck-massage when she was drying me. I could have fallen asleep, it was so relaxing, plus the hair products she was using smelled great. I bring in pictures of hairstyles I want, and she does a good job for -- get this - $20. I'm a woman, and $20 for a haircut *this good* compared to $40 at the last place I used to go was just amazing. I have now converted one friend to using this as their main place and I'm working on another as well. Please check this place out!
4	I've heard from friends that their haircuts are good, and I can vouch for their other services, such as eyebrow waxing. Cheap and didn't mess them up, so I was happy. In Champaign, there weren't a lot of options, so I once I found something good, I stuck with it. If you need something convenient, cheap, and of good quality, go to Red Hair
5	The Korean lady at Red Hair gives the best hair cuts ever.If I miss coming back to Champaign, it's for Red Hair's quality $15 men's haircuts. The Red Hair lady cuts so fast, so accurately, and so stylishly. You tell her what you want, and she gives you something even better, making you look super sexy. I've never seen a barber use scissors as much as she does (because most barber's can't use them as skillfully as she does). Beware, if you speak English on the phone to make an appointment, you'll get stuck with the other Red Hair employee (usually a non-Korean man and changes from time to time). That won't be a good move because he won't be able to give you the haircut you're looking for. That's why I usually had one of my Korean friends make the appointment for me.
4	These ladies are pretty adorable. I loved talking with them about being Asian American, growing up in a small town and teaching second generation kids their native tongue. The haircut, minus the bangs, was perfect. Just the right amount of layering and length. I have crazy thick hair, and they did it perfectly in about a half hour, shampooing for free. Now...the bangs. You need to specify exactly what you want to prevent them from butchering them. I don't know what happened, but suddenly I was stuck with the same straight bangs I've been avoiding for years because they "would fall better." Um...no, not exactly. I'll stick to cutting my own bangs as always from now on, but I do recommend getting a trim here. Friendly service and decently priced for men and women.
5	Make sure you get the lady! She is really great and very friendly! I only speak English with her and it is completely fine, so do not feel like this place is only for Korean-speaking people. She always cuts fast and very stylishly. I normally just go in for the standard crew cut with variations here and there with length of top and sides, and she is very quick to understand what I need. Also, this place is right on campus, which is great.
4	Needs appointment, my first and only haircut in America in 3 years.Got my hair cut short and took care of the split ends. Nice Korean run Place, parking is difficult
5	Love getting my haircut here!  It's only $25 for a women's haircut.  I'm pretty picky about how much my hair is layered and I've never had a problem here.  Make sure to call in to schedule your appointment ahead of time during the school year because she's usually booked two days in advance.
5	You have to know how you want your hair styled and Sue will work with you. If you're dissatisfied, you can go back in and she'll fix it for you. I'm VERY picky with my hair and since I've been seeing her for the last few months, I've been getting nothing but compliments about my hair. It is pricy for a college budget, but not if you want a quality haircut. My favorite part us that she cuts my hair while its dry so I know what it will normally look like. Yes, book your appointments in advance.
5	One of the fears with moving to a new place is not finding a good place for a haircut. I am so lucky as to find Red Hair on my 2nd day here in Champaign. Sue and Kee are absolutely amazing, they are very skilled and also friendly! I definitely recommend this place for anyone, looking for any kinds of haircut (I got a super short two block haircut, and I'm a girl). Thanks Red Hair!
5	First, my apologies for not knowing the names of the hair stylists. They have definitely raised the bar for what I expect out of a hair stylist, and I'm going to miss them when I graduate. Their popularity often means that appointments are booked solid a week in advance.I've gone to Red Hair roughly a dozen times for men's haircuts, and they've been consistently good. They've always used scissors for everything except neck and sideburns. Many of the reviews below are quite dated. As far as I can tell, there are three employees, who are all Korean women: The (likely) 'owner', the assistant (who doesn't cut hair) and the new hair stylist.  I've only experienced haircuts from the owner (with pre- and post-styling with the assistant). I'm not Korean, and it has never been an issue.
