5	I've been hearing about these cheesecakes from my husband and his incessant twitter following and I was really excited to try some of the goods at the market this past Saturday.We finally woke up early enough on a Saturday morning to hit up Matt's and then peruse the market before it got too hot.  We made our way over to the cheesecake table and then debated between 10 or so flavors.  He had key lime and chocolate chip out to sample and I decided to try the key lime.  I was amazed at how natural it tasted.  There was nothing artificial about it, it just tasted exactly like it should.  These are very good, very simple cheesecakes.  I ultimately went with the peanut butter chocolate chip which is extremely tasty.  There are a bunch of different sizes to choose from, all at very fair prices.  YUMMY!
3	Finally got the chance to hit up AZ Cheesecake Co at the Farmers Market on Saturday.  I'm sorry to say but the key lime cheesecake just didn't move me.  I found it to be bitter and lacking any creaminess.  It wasn't bad but it just wasn't the flavor that I was hoping for when I picked it up.  The wife never shared her Peanut Butter one so I'll just have to go back and try something else.  All of that being said, he always has a ton of different flavors and I'd reccomend following him on Twitter to see what he is bringing to the market each week.  Chandler is too far for me but I love that he brings the goods to me.  I'm pretty sure he delivers too so you really can't go wrong.
5	i didn't know cheesecake could actually inspire joy until i experienced the dark chocolate and chile arizona cheesecake company cheesecake at the main ingredient on 7th street and sheridan. speechless, really, which means this review will be short and sweet. in short, you haven't lived until you've tried it. and sweetly, spicyrichchocolatecreamcheesiness just doesn't get any better than this.brilliant, i tell you. simply brilliant.eat a piece for me.lola
5	I'm a born and raised New Yorker living in the desert.. I laughed when people said there was a good bagel place in AZ and I was right. Then I was told there was a NY Cheesecake as good as Juniors (Brooklyn, NY).. I laughed again, then I tried it. The owner (Nick) was friendly, helpful and enthusiastic about his cakes as only someone with real passion can be. When he suggested a variety of great sounding flavors I passed and went straight to the "Classic", the real test. denser than Juniors and as delicious as any I have ever had in NYC. Well done. I'll be back!Now, if he could only craft a decent bagel........
3	I went to this location today and found it to now be Dori's Bakery.  I met the owner/baker and she is very nice.  She gave me a sample of her chicken salad and I loved it.  She has baked goods and also sandwiches and soups.  She said everything is made fresh.  I had just eaten over at the Peruvian place in the same center but plan to go back for a soup and salad, maybe a pastry or cookie.  Oh yeah, she has quiche, too.  And cheesecake, but I don't know if is the same kind as this place had.  I would have liked to taste theirs after reading the reviews.
