5	I have little to add to Teresa's awesome review, other than that my experience has mirrored hers, and I've finally found a shop to take my car, regularly. Tired of good ol' boy mechanics squinting at you funny when you actually know the name of a part that needs replacement or repair? Find it annoying when you ask for further detail in an explanation of labor costs and process, only to be brushed off and told "that's how we do it, ma'am"? Come here and be treated intelligently. Prices are fair, the ladies are awesome and easy going, and there's a huge cherry tree out front, full of fruit, if you're snacky.
5	CARS is awesome! Rosa helped me fix my Jeep and she did it honestly and intelligently. I had gotten the run around on a fix by 3 other shops (by male mechanics of course). Rosa knew her stuff, fixed the car, charged fair prices, and talked to me like I actually had a brain. Thank you, Rosa! I'll be back for sure!!
5	I went out on a limb today and took my 4-Runner to Rosa at CARS, thanks to the amazing reviews here.  I was not disappointed!Just some minor work...oil change, tire rotation, check the brakes, and a quirky instrument panel issue (that I already knew about).  Less than 2 hours after drop-off she called back and confirmed I needed brake work.  She asked if I'd felt a lot of vibration during braking recently (yep), and confirmed her suspicion that the rotors were warped.  Even with replacing the rotors & front brakes, then only adjusting the back brakes (plus oil change & tires), I couldn't believe I was getting out of there for less moolah than I anticipated.  She also gave me pointers on how to drive the vehicle on new brakes, and that they might squeal, but she put a ceramic liner on the pad to reduce the chance of that.  NOWHERE have I ever been before (repair shops or even dealership service departments) where someone told me how to drive on new brakes.Although I opted out today to get the instrument panel fixed, Rosa was kind enough to suggest options for me to find the needed part cheaper if I wanted to, and then she'd install it for me.  How many mechanics suggest alternatives?  Nope, didn't think so. When it comes time for me to get this fixed, I will definitely let Rosa do the work again.I knew I had struck gold when I went to shake her hand in thanks today, and it was dirty/black from the work she just did on my vehicle.  :)Worth the drive from Uptown (and the impending light rail trips) to let Rosa service my vehicle.  Repeat & referral business guaranteed from me!
5	As every other reviewer has said, this place is awesome! Rosa has worked on my car several times, for several different issues and she has always been open, flexible and honest with everything I've needed.  A couple of times I've had to wait a little longer than you might want, but it's always been because she was trying to get me a better deal on parts, etc, so it was always worth it.If you are trying to find a place that has all the bells and whistles and looks really fancy, you won't like it here, but if you want to feel like you are being treated fairly, then CARS is a great place to get your work done.
5	After being ripped off by Meineke at the corner of Tyvola and South and FLUSHED $550 down the toilet, and other mechanics in the past, I decided to give Yelp a try and listen to the reviewers. Man, were you guys right.CARS is one of the most HONEST mechanics I've been to in my life. I really don't know that much about cars but Rosa was glad to help me with everything. I went in because my brakes were squealing. I needed new brakes and rotors.When she went to fix the car, she brought me back my old brakes and said I may be able to get the money back for them because they wore down defectively. She then showed me that the previous mechanic put the wrong screws into my vehicle and did her best to replace them with the right ones.The waiting room was small and quaint, but if you have your phone, music, and internet, you'll be occupied. I ended up spending less money than I thought I would too.If you ever need anything done to your car, I would highly recommend CARS. I am also a big LGBT supporter and CARS is LGBT friendly. I noticed all of the stickers she had on the cases in her office. Ask for Rosa. She's amazing, I promise.
5	HONEST. Excellent service. Reasonable pricing with costs detailed in bill. I won't go to another mechanic as long as I live here. After losing over a thousand dollars in labor and parts just to have my shocks siliconed in place by a crook, Rosa replaced all of the parts and then some for a fraction of the price. She explained everything in detail: the parts being replaced, the cost of parts and labor, and showed me the damage BEFORE working on the car. Price stayed the same after jobs completed. Have not had to return for any more repairs. She did an excellent, thorough job and was 100% honest.
5	I'm from Chicago. I visited Charlotte during spring break to scope out the area since I'm planning on relocating there in the summer. I had my Navy son with me since I decided to use that time to drive him back to base in Jacksonville, FL. That is allot of driving and with that will come car problems.Started driving off and the brakes kept jerking. I got on the high way and realized that I needed to get that fixed ASAP. I got off on an exit and had no idea where I was. I stopped at a gas station to look on Yelp for help. Sure enough I found a place and when I arrived they told me they were too busy to check my brakes that day. He recommended I go down the street.I decided to check Yelp again and felt that CARS would be my next stop. I was shocked to meet the mechanic, Rosa. I was so praying she could fix my brakes in a few hours so I can continue on the road trip asap.Sure enough, she sympathized with my plight to drive my son back to base, then back to Chicago with my two little ones. She dropped me off at Burger King and promised to call me as soon as the brakes were fixed. We walked to McDonald's and camped there until she called- 3 hours later.She picked me up, returned to her shop, and I went inside to pay her. She gave me a great deal, which is not really a deal, but an honest quote. And she made some recommendations of what to fix next once I go back to Chicago. She's a rarity!I'm impressed and proud. I still can't believe she went out her way to accommodate me and provide me with drop-off and pick-up service too. Rosa knows her stuff and I'm glad to already have found a mechanic once I relocate to Charlotte.PS- The kids and I arrived back in Chicago safely. Thanks Rosa!!
5	We decided to take our car to this place after reading the reviews on yelp, which held to be true and accurate. Rosa and her staff are very professional and courteous. Her prices are very fair and she does not try to up-sell you on any extra/miscellaneous car work (just gets the job done right). I like how she texted the estimates and communicated throughout the whole process. I would definitely recommend CARS for those near the uptown area. Thanks Rosa and team!
2	classic chop-shop. just look at the up(down)-keep of the place. get one thing fixed and intermediate issues turn major. no lights on the dash then it turns into an xmas tree. +1 star for efforts in using a woman as their frontman. doesn't change the clinking and clunking their doing in the back to your car. after their work, they'll say drive it around for a week and come back for a check-up. cuz you don't need your car for anything & got plenty of time be without a car.proceed with caution & take a pic of your dash beforehand or they'll just say the lights were there. also, if you abide by their suggestions, expect missing work a lot, you'll be their lab-rat of the week/month.
