5	Can't say enough good things about Joel and this business! He answered all of my questions and my diamond ring never left my sight!  He was extremely courteous and friendly.. He even let me look through his high power microscope to see into my diamond. I felt very comfortable with him and will definitely return for all future appraisals!
5	This review is for the. Jewelry judge, Joel Lackeylocated at :   8425 W. Flamingo Rd. #5                     Las Vegas, Nevada 89147                     phone: 702-275-6204I've been a customer of Joel Lackey since I moved to Las Vegas. I purchase gems from all over the world.  I'm not a gemologist, I hope to be one someday.If I have a question that I need answered, I can always rely on Joel's expertise and honesty. He is very knowledgeable. My first impression of Joel was he truly enjoys his work. He inspected and determined what types of gems I brought in. He was also able to tell me if they were earth mined or lab created. Joel is an expert with all precious stones, diamonds and metals. There are only a few "real" gemologists in Las Vegas Joel is definitely the best at his craft not only in Las Vegas but the West Coast as well.
5	Went with my girlfriend to get her diamond earrings appraised. Facility was modern, clean and professional. Joel was a pleasure to deal with and 2nd to none with his professionalism.
5	One of my co-workers had a really pleasant experience here and recommended this place to me. Joel was nice, informative, and professional. I left feeling much more knowledgeable about the jewelry industry. I felt that I received a fair price for my ring. I will definitely be coming back in the future!
5	Joel is a class act who made sure we had an incredible experience! I learned about him from Yelp and the reviews others have left are spot on! Joel stuck around a little after his normal hours to make sure he performed a thorough, honest appraisal. He is friendly, down to earth and didn't hurry through the appraisal despite the somewhat late hour we showed up to his office. He appraised two pieces of jewelry at an incredibly reasonable price and even made the process educational! Jewelry aside, he's an awesome guy but that just makes how he does his job even better.If you're looking for a fantastic experience with what is likely a valuable possession, do not hesitate to look to Joel!
5	I found Jewelry Judge on Yelp and was  extremely satisfied with the service I received from Joel. He gave me a little history on my earrings and I appreciated how knowledgable and seasoned he was with diamonds. I was done in about 30 minutes with the appraisal in hand. Many appraisers in Las Vegas have you come back in 24 hours or longer to pick up your appraisal. Joel was efficient and very pleasant to interact with. I will recommend him and be back when I need another appraisal.
5	Thank you Joel for all your help. my husband and I really enjoyed doing business with you and your partner.  absolute pleasure
