4	Well they just got started so desserts, proper plates and silverware are not part of the experience. The food however is pretty amazing, best ribs and chicken I think I've ever had, pulled pork, brisket, and sausage not bad and the Mac n cheese just over the top fabulous.  Give the guys a chance, no doubt they'll get it right given time.  The best judge is my craving to go back! I'll be back boys bet on it!
5	super fantastic stuff. chicken fried steak and brisket are killer, but everything seriously kicks ass
5	October's here and there's only a few BBQ days left.  If you end up missing the red ring of smokiness heaven this is THE only place in Montreal that will feed your carnivorous soul.Had full pork ribs, pulled pork sandwich, collard greens, tots, even the coleslaw was superior.Ribs were delicious, sandwich only second to one I had in Dallas, greens spicy and vinegar goodness- tots were good maybe a  little cayenne could add a little pop.  AND THEY DELIVER!!! There is a BBQ God after all...
5	The moonshine menu is not huge, basically its on 1 sheet, and that's what I like because what they do they do very well.  If your a fan of smoked bbq meats you'll need to give this place a try.  It seats about 40-50 peeps max, has the core BBQ choices brisket, beef rib, pork rib ,chicken ,collard greens, Mac and cheese and much more. we ordered the champion which is a basically a cafeteria tray super loaded with a very complete selection suitable for 4(see photo i uploaded) and even then you'll likely be taking home leftovers. In terms of beverages they had some interesting choices, first of they offer a home brew beer called moonshine red which goes great with BBQ. the other was the sampler of ice teas they offered us at the end of our meal, very tasty and something that could give Snapple a run for their money.  Location is great, right of Decarie or if your by Metro a short walk from Cote Sainte-Catherine Metro.Now if you'll excuse me I need to get through these meat sweats  :-P
4	We put on coats and we took out our bus passes and we trekked on the blue line and switched to the orange and walked to the Decarie and I hoped it was going to be worth it, otherwise in that bright cold night I knew I'd hear about it. We saw the sign, and the glow of the well-lit little oddly placed resto, and noticed the families sitting at the tables and were sweetly greeted by the one quick, kind and competent waitress working the floor. We started with the Moonshine beer, brewed by Brasseurs Illimitees, and my homebrewing dinner friend was pleasantly pleased and so was I by this tasty red brew. We asked about the Champion on the menu and were told it was normally for 4, but they cut it in half for us and piled a platter wildly full of homemade tater tots, sweet potato string fries, collard spicey greens, mac and cheese, fried chicken, beef and pork ribs, and brisket. It was madness. It was a monster plate of food. The pork ribs were the standout, exceptionally moist and good, and the home hot sauce made me want to dip everything in it. The corn bread and coleslaw were light and lovely and just pushed the whole experience over the top. We rolled home and have been talking about it ever since. I don't like a TV in a restaurant, but in this case I'll allow it because they were playing the Food Network exclusively, and the only acceptable thing to watch on TV while eating is people making delicious food.
2	In general:It is the best there is on offer in Montreal. It beats Bofinger hands down. Is it good Southern BBQ, no. Is it the best you are going to get in Montreal, yes.Pulled pork:The pulled pork was passable. It tasted a little like it had been too doused in sauce before it was served. It was VERY wet.Baby back ribs:My baby back ribs were scored. This is a BIG turn off. Baby back ribs should just pull apart by themselves without the help of a knife. They were also drowned in sauce when they were delivered.Collard greens:These were almost perfect. The consistency was correct. They had just the correct amount of bite. The vinegar was there. Good job here! Macaroni & Cheese:OK at best. It is a step above KD. Cornbread:An abomination. My son spit it out. I saw it was sitting in a hot pan beside the cash waiting to be cut and served. That's just bad.For the price, you can do some research on the Internet and make better pulled pork and baby back ribs with better sauce in your oven. Don't waste your money here.
5	A couple friends and I decided to eat the cold away so we ordered "The Champion". We were pleasantly surprised when we save this giant amount of food in front of us.In the meats category we had brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs and chicken. The brisket was amazing and the pork ribs were unbelievably tender. The chicken had a buffalo sauce on it that wasn't too strong and spicy but added another level of flavour to the juicy chicken. The beef ribs were good but took a back seat to the other meats.The sides we received were the collard greens, sweet potato fries, tater tots and mac & cheese. The greens were a little too spicy for my palette, the fries were great and the tater tots were perfect. The mac & cheese was like crack to me, I honestly couldn't get enough of it. I'm a sucker for a gooey and cheesey mac all day errr day.We also had the apple pie which was perfectly baked and delicious.Overall for the price and the quality of food this place is all sorts of great.
3	Okay, I'll admit it. I'm a food snob. I can't help it. I like to order my food from a waitress, have it brought out to me on a plate, and picked up when I am done.  Moonshine is only some of that.First of all, what a tiny establishment. You can't hold that against them but man, this place is NOT good for groups and they have the whole long row of communal tables which I hate. I don't like rubbing elbows with people I don't know while trying to eat.I was really turned off that when I ordered my soft drink (sorry I don't drink beer) it came with a tiny little plastic cup. Are we at a picnic or a restaurant? Let me know so that I can adjust my expectations. I wondered if everyone has plastic cups and then saw that the table we were sitting next to had their iced tea in a real glass. I was basically lead to believe that either they didn't have enough dishes for their 45 seater resto OR their dishwasher called in sick that night.We ordered the food and my husband got a half rack of ribs with a side of chili and corn bread. The "plate" wasn't appealing at all because it comes served on a cafeteria tray, the chili was served in a Styrofoam cup with chili juice oozing down the side and it looked a bit empty. Why not put it on a plate and bring the plate on the tray? It'll look like you are getting more food for the money you are spending.I went for the brisket with mac and cheese and tater tots. Please don't try to tell me that the tater tots are home made. Those are 100% McCains store bought frozen tots. The mac and cheese was very bland and a bit sticky. I didn't even get a Styrofoam cup for my mac and cheese, it was slapped on the tray. Now you know what was good? The brisket. It was damn good. The sauce was amazing and let me tell you something, I hate sauce. I hate when my food comes with sauce already on it. I asked the waitress if I could please get an extra order of sauce because it was that good.I wish I could have eaten more of my brisket but my husband hated his food so much (I needed the jaws of life to pull the meat off of those ribs...) that he ended up eating my brisket and I had tater tots dipped in bbq sauce.As we were leaving I tipped my hat to the chef for the simple menu (seriously very few items you can't really debate what to have) and the amazing brisket and sauce. There is something special about that sauce that I can't put my finger on...it might be cumin. I don't know but I love it and they get a 4 star for the brisket and the sauce. If they didn't have that it'd definitely be a 2 star. Cons: Serving on a tray (it looks so messy and very unhygienic!) Serving in Styrofoam cups and plastic cupsSlow ServiceRibs were too hardPro: Amazing BrisketGreat homemade BBQ sauce
5	My boyfriend and I just moved to the area and wanted to explore, and try a local restaurant. We found Moonshine on Yelp and it is 4 blocks away so we walked over, and we were not disappointed that we did!The service is friendly and warm, the atmosphere is quaint and comfy. The food... Oh the food! So delicious. We are big meat people, and they do not let you down. We ordered the Pitmaster's Choice meal, $58.00 for 4 meats and 4 sides. We had the chicken (juicy, cooked perfectly, so flavourful), the brisket (absolutely delicious), pulled pork (om-nom) and ribs, which I didn't have a chance to sample because my boyfriend devoured them! Their cornbread is heavenly, tater tots deep fried, crispy, wonderful, mac and cheese was so cheesy and stringy and creamy. Definitely recommend!!
5	Went on the living social deal.  Wasn't sure what to expect.  What a score.  My husband and I loved it!  Some of the chicken we've ever had. Great collard greens. Just overall FUN!  Contract to someone else's comments, the service was just fine and the place was packed.  I came home and went to buy more living social  dinners but it was sold out.  No wonder...people like us tried it and love it.  Will be back VERY soon. Bofingers blew it years ago when they started franchising. We live very closeny and never walk in. This is worth getting into the car!
4	Found this place via Living Social My family loved it. We had the Champion which comes with 4 meats, 4 sides and some corn bread. Because we were on a Living Social coupon we could only share that among two people, but it's really a feast for 4. We had A LOT to take home.The ribs were very good, the pulled pork was very good and the chili was very good, but the brisket was great. Next time I will order just the brisket.I'm told the burger, which came as a separate meal, was one of the best.Only real negative about the place is parking. There's no lot. It's on Decarie, near Cote St. Catherine, so depending on when you go, you may have to hunt around a little for a spot. Minor invconvenience, though, for a great meal.
3	Went with three friends and split two of the Champion platters ($58/ea). Service was quick and courteous. Food was pretty decent. The ribs were good but on the dry side (definitely inferior to Le Boucan's), brisket was tender but not overly flavorful. The only true winner was the pulled pork which was very tasty and extremely juicy. The mixed drinks however are AWFUL and expensive. Served in mini mason jars at $10 a pop with barely any liquor in them...truly disappointing.
4	One of the best bbqs in town for sure. I went for lunch, grabbed pulled pork burger, a side of sweet potatoes and a bottled classic root beer, just great. Probably gonna come again for dinner and get the champion with some buddies. Good food, nice staff. Do note, if you're scared of smelling like bbq smoke and meat when you leave, don't come here.
4	The lunch menu, while reduced as compared to the full dinner menu, has no shortage of options, all revolving around slow-cooked, smoked meats.  Today we got to sample their brisket sandwich along with a couple of sides.  As far as the meat was concerned, it was perfect; thick cut, tender and succulent.  The mustardy coleslaw, sweet fries and tater tots were generally pleasing as well.
2	Ate here for lunch.It  is really more of a sports bar than a proper restaurant, size is one factor the ordering at the counter is another.I enjoyed the decor and the selection of beverages, a range price and taste-wise.I did not enjoy the limited menu selection available at lunch.While I understand that no one should come in at 6 a.m. to smoke the pork ribs, why can't collard greens be served at lunch?Mom really enjoyed the brisket, I tasted it and found it flavorful and juicy. I was profoundly disappointed with my choice of Smoked burger. It was simply put a cheese injected hockey puck. It was so dense it was difficult to cut into and was dry as sand. It may have been made of quality beef or half sawdust for all I know it was so compressed it was indistinguishable. The coleslaw was not only tiny (didn't matter past the 1st taste) it so was tart we couldn't eat it.Major pro: the boxing bear at the door.Con: Smoked burger at $13.99 zero value.
2	Returned this Friday, tried the pulled pork sandwich. It was an improvement over the Smoked Burger. While I enjoyed the flavors the sauce provided the meat was pretty dry. We also order the Brisket sandwich; it wasn't as good as last time too lean and a bit burnt.Unfortunately they had none of the Simple Malt beer left.The coleslaw was not so sour this time but was considerably spicy. Lack of consistency.
3	My friend found this place so naturally we went.They make their own brew, I had the red and I liked it :)OK let's stop right here and talk about the dessert we had, It's the chocolate one, I forget the name it's something 4 side of chocolate or something, whatever, you'll see it on the black board and you'll know. Order it, it's evil good, you'll regret it cuz you'll keep eating it and then go home and barf, but it's soo good, it's kind of a pot de creme dessert with layers of chocolate fudge brownies and chocolate creme or ganache , so good.The bbq was ok, yeah I know. I'm so tough when it comes to bbq, when it comes to the table and the sauce is on the side, to me that's a turn off right there. Naturally  we ordered the champion. 4 meats, pulled pork, brisket, chicken and ribs. The brisket was the best of the bunch, tender and juicy. Rib and pulled pork were just average, meh. The sides were very good the mac and cheese was evil good, as was the collard greens. My advice, eat some and bag it for tomorrow, cuz the food is heavy and will make you sick if you eat too much because it's a lot of meat and very little veggies.Of course I ate too much, but it was good.
2	I love all types of BBQ, dry, wet, Texas, Memphis, but I have very high expectations when it comes to BBQ smokehouses in my town. It's gotta bring the POW and bring it good. So when I heard of Moonshine BBQ and that You Gotta Eat Here recently filmed there, I had to check out what it was all about.THE GOODThe good is mostly about presentation. The look of the place, the platter presentation but not necessarily what is on the platter. The place looks great. Wooden tables, lights made out of Masson Jars, old time ceiling it all works and says BBQ. The smell of the smoked meat is intoxicating. When you order, you don't wait long to get your meal. The good ends here.THE BADOK The grub isn't BAD, it's good, and I'd eat there again if we're in the area but generally, it's disappointing. They score points I think with the gargantuan plates (served on a tray and not a plate). What disappoints is the lack of rub or lack of flavor that is normally imparted to the meat through low and slow smoking - I couldn't even tastes anything woodsy. The ribs tasted like pork but not like there was any rub on it and the sauce, the BBQ is too thick or pasty and gritty and taste le Kraft BBQ sauce more or less. Same for the chicken wings, same sauce, same taste - on a positive note, those weren't skinny wings, big and thick. I was very disappointed that their Tater Tots were not house-made and tasted like frozen Ore-Ida. The slaw was forgettable. I can make better stove-top Mac n' Cheese than what I had. I don't go to restaurants to eat what I can already make at home, I go to restaurants to eat what I can't make or won't make at home.THE UGLYLike the philosopher David Lee Roth once said, "If you ain't got the beat, if you ain't got the rhythm, it's all for loss". This applies to standards and Moonshine BBQ needs to upgrade. Firstly the glass used to serve my soft drink was cracked, visibly cracked, a nice 2-inch long crack. Secondly, service is too fast at points and too slow at others. When you order, you get yer grub real fast which leads me to believe that everything is in warmer. Which is fine for the meat but for fried foods, I expect it to be prepped on order. Also at the end, once we were visibly done, we waited a good 30 minutes to even get an acknowledgment that we wanted the bill. Very disappointing. But lastly and what was most disappointing. Two of the chicken wings we ordered had hair in it, so stuck to the skin that I was unable to pull them out. Even though I was disappointed, the food isn't a disaster. It's just mostly bland, trying to be everything to everyone. No house drinks, no smoked sausage (but no one does that in Montreal), no specials and nothing off the beaten path. If you want to rock out the BBQ smokehouse, I suggest you stick to Blackstrap BBQ where flavor and freshness is king where you'll be licking the flavor off your lips a while after you're done. And for all round southern cooking, hit up Kentucky themed Dinette Triple Crown.
4	It was really great! Ive heard mixed reviews about this place but turns out its not too bad. I just wish they would change up the coleslaw it was abit strange... and the drinks werent so great for some reason it was served warm. I had to ask for ice. But the beer is delicious and the meat is yummy!! Its a group of young kids. One of them actually graduated culinary school so I respect that atleast someone knows whats happening in the kitchen. I would definitely go back I suggest the half champion meal it has a bit of everything... its perfect!
3	All in all I had a great experience, the food was good, I loved the atmosphere, ands it great to go with friends if you want to order the platter with the entire BBQ meat menu.The only issue is that I had higher expectations for the meat considering BBQ is there speciality (it still was very yummy though).
5	The best of the best. Nothing else to say. Must go back soon with more friends.Highly recommended this place for meat and BBQ lovers.Also the "champion" plat is really good.
3	This place has been disappointing us lately. The food quality is still phenomenal, I'd like to say that right off the bat, but they have changed the portions. The Pitmaster's Choice used to be enormous,for around $60. We always had leftover food for the next day. Now they have 2 sizes. For $40, feed 2, and for 4-5 people (which would have been their usual size before) it's now $90. Not to mention they do not take phone orders and it takes half an hour to receive your food when you order in the store. We also called last week and they had run out of food and said not to bother coming in. Again, excellent food, we're never disappointed in the quality. Just their business standards lately.
3	maybe the big portion of food really scares me! It is too oily for me and four ppl only finished a quarter of the whole portion.
2	I had high expectations for this restaurant but was sadly disappointed. My boyfriend and I ordered "The Champion". The size was good, enough for 3-4 people depending one's appetite and stomach. The pork on our tray was cold in the middle. I wasn't crazy about the BBQ sauce. There was something on our dish that tasted like it was drenched in vinegar. Ruined the taste of my mac n cheese and fries. I couldn't tell the difference between their taters and the ones from the grocery store. I expected a lot more.
4	We came here very late , not much people maybe 10 people within the restaurant.Got seated pretty quickly and had two waiters that provided us a great customer service.Place sounds like a good spot to have a boys night and watch some sports altogether but I'm sure it could also be good for a date.As for the food, we decided to go with a half basket. Not gonna lie , we didn't finish half of it , it's pretty big so be ready to have some takeout food for tomorrow lunch time . Food was good , the four choices of meat were excellent and well cooked . I'm not gonna like the potatoes were overwelmiiiiiiing goooood --can this be said ? Anywho , I really liked their house beers and I think I actually might come back to this spot... Until then , enjoy this place , especially if you are a meat lover, otherwise I can't really recommend you to come here !
2	I came to eat here with my boyfriend because we had a groupon deal.  I was pretty disappointed because the service was really slow and the food took so long to come out.  My favorite part of the champion platter is probably the tater tots. Everything else was meeeeeehhhhhhhhh.
4	Have a good time big portions. had to champion.Service was okay friendly. ribs was tender brisket was amazing.sweet potato fries was just a bit overcooked. But besides that. I enjoyed The meal. Definitely will be returning.
