5	The sweet potato muffins are amazing and impossible to tell that it's got all good things in it and the sweet pie taste better than a pie loaded with sugar and is moist and filled with flavor! The creator ain't that bad of a dude either!
5	Omg my friend bought me chocolate sweet potato pumpkin muffins. They are awesome. The nutrition facts are amazing my next thing I want to try is the cinnamon apple cheesecake... I love the muffins thank you
5	This stuff is amazing!!! Protein packed, no oil. No butter or shortening! Best of all it tasted amazing. It's so nice to see a company take pride in their ingredients. Everyone must try this!!!!!
5	Sweet potato muffins, smoothies, butters and cheesecakes are fantastic. Owner Kenny is great to talk to and really has put together a nice place.
5	Finally, a bakery that makes healthy, gluten-free muffins that honestly taste good!  My favorite was the Sweet Potato Pumpkin. Tastes just like pumpkin pie in a muffin. There was also a good selection of other low fat, gluten free and vegan products such as cheese cakes, cookies, and nut butters with healthy, amazing ingredients.  The staff was super nice and gave us several free samples.
5	Healthy cheesecakes, muffins, cookies, donuts, and smoothies?! They do exist and they're delicious! Everything is made with no oil, butter, shortening, flour, or sugar and sweetened with stevia. Cute little shop with tables to eat and complimentary fruit infused water and customer service was excellent. I recommend the banana, chia, coconut, and cashew cheesecake and the New Zealand lamb meatballs. Check them out and be sure to stop by after Labor Day weekend! (Overheard the owner saying they'll start serving sandwiches etc)
5	Every item on the menu is delicious and extremely healthy. The smoothies are full of fresh ingredients and protein. The pastries taste even better than their unhealthy counterparts. They give samples of most items so you can taste a variety of food they offer. I highly recommend Great Grubbing.
5	Got lucky in Vegas and found a treasure!! Had a breakfast sandwich and a smoothie, and both were quite tasty.  Found out it was healthy for me too. This will be a definite must stop every time I come into town.
5	Love love love this place. They have the best treats, sandwiches, salads and do NOT forget to get a smoothie! The people are so friendly and make sure you are well taken care of. Anything u need they have covered! Thanks Great Grubbing for our new favorite place!!!!
5	A new great healthy food choice.Their smoothies are delicious, their sandwiches are handmade on the spot and the fixings are fresh and their gluten free selection will fool even the most savvy sweet tooth.The home made nut butters are not to be missed!Vegan/veg friendly and for the carnivores out there they serve a large selection of meat as well so there is something for everyone!5 stars!
5	Ask for Kenny.. He is super nice and super helpful! I am a gluten free vegan and they have lots of options!
5	Fantastic place for a nice, healthy meal.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  It's also a good spot for a great smoothie.  The menu was put together by nutrition experts; a perfect post workout cafe.
5	AMAZING food, and WONDERFUL service!  The price point is SOOO GREAT considering the quality of the food!!!  It is a MUST try!
5	1 star. In my neighborhood. 1 star. Locally owned bakery. 1 star. Ultra friendly service. The owner was outside chatting with all the customers and made my kids feel super special by offering them free candies, chatting with them about pandas, and even taking their picture and saying he would hang it on the wall. 1 star. The stuff is really good. I haven't tried any of the actual food yet, just the desserts, but I definitely enjoyed the pumpkin pie and the Oreo cheesecake. The cheesecake has a really rich flavor even though....1 star. HEALTHY! They avoid flour and sweeteners when possible, and/or sub with stevia, almond flour, etc. cheesecake is only 150 calories a piece and a lot of that comes with the 19 g of protein! Yes they add protein powder to some of the desserts. It's enough to be my special treat substitute for my daily protein Shake. Welcome to the neighborhood, great grubbing! See you again soon!
5	Wow! This place is completely gluten free! Celiac disease do not have to worry here! I spoke with the owner and he will not even allow his employees to bring lunch that may have gluten in it. The breakfast sandwich I had is amazing and fresh. It includes free cup of coffee if you come in to eat between 8-10am. The customer service is top notch and the owner was very friendly. Their nut butters start at only $6.00 for 12oz which is very inexpensive. They also serve gluten free pizza and can make it "take-and-bake" style so you can cook it fresh at home. I cannot wait to come back and try desserts and fresh fruit and veggie smoothies that look divine! If you call a few days ahead of time you can even order a gluten free birthday cake! So happy this place is here.
5	This place was awesome!! Great food that is great for you and everything is gluten free. I got the salad (which was fantastic), my daughter had the pizza that she loved and we got a smoothly which was so healthy and delicious. The crowning moment was the gf banana bread with Nutella...omg this filled the void that reg banana bread has left behind. I'm so excited to have found a place that I can get treats without cheating :)
5	Great grubbing is truly great! I go there all the time for their amazing protein smoothies and protein muffins. Everything is so fresh and affordable. I highly recommend their salads and protein donuts. Also, if you watch your sugar intake, they have plenty of sweet treats that won't kill your diet.
5	So glad this place is now open on sunday. Gluten free desserts great smoothies and healthy food.
4	I like this little place it's my first time... Totally impressed with the menu, fully gluten free and vegan options as well... Egg white sandwich is yummy and the bread actually tastes good! I Definetly will return maybe tomorrow and try out the pizza!
5	It's great to walk into a gluten-free establishment with no worries about cross-contamination. So many choices. The lime-banana bread was excellent. Great smoothies too!
4	Friendly people. Good healthy food. I doesn't matter to me but everything is gluten free.  Minus 1 star for being a tad bit pricey for my cheap ass
5	Great smoothies and customer service!! The cookies and cream cheesecake was healthy and tasted good! Definitely would recommend going for a healthy smoothie
1	Gluten-free sure, but unfortunately lacking in healthy choices. Went for breakfast. Smoothie was the most horrible one I have ever had in my life. Full of vanilla and stevia (and low-quality powdered protein).Not real eggs- rubbery and cold, junk food disguised as healthy food.The bread was yukky- rice with tapioca starch.If you want gluten-free processed junk food, go for it.
5	I love Great Grubbing!   Kenny the owner is A plus!  He is always extremely friendly and accommodating.   If they don't have something you want just ask they will make it for you!  I visit at least 2x a month to stock up on the protein muffins!  I for one am so glad to have found Great Grubbing!
5	Great customer service! Everyone was so nice and helpful. Ordered cheesecake and a chocolate cupcake. Delicious! Next time will be trying a pizza
5	Fabulous healthy food! I love their cheesecakes! Smoothies are awesome! Staff is very friendly! I wish they were located closer too me, so I could eat there more than once a week:)
5	Best addtion to my neighborhood ever! Gluten free and vegan delicous smoothies. The owner guy is awesome. My favorite morning stop before work.
5	Awesome!!! It's healthy food that tastes as good as it should! Very fun and creative flavor combinations, well worth the trip. :)
