5	I love this company!  Great service with a personalized touch,  Definitely worth the money, which is very reasonable.  Now that I've been spoiled by the initial cleaning, I plan to continue with bi-monthly service.  It will be so nice to have extra time for fun rather than cleaning.
5	As a young professional that doesn't want to spend anytime dealing with my pool or cleaning my house, this service is the best.  Paying one bill for multiple services is so convenient.  Their customer service is a step above - my experience has been top notch.
5	I am thrilled with the terrific service I received.  My previous service from another company was underwhelming to say the least.  Lots of areas missed, including under the beds.  The cleaners from House Spouse were much more diligent and really tackled the areas missed by the other house cleaning service.  I also had house spouse service my pool - it is finally free of algae.  The rates charged for various services are extremely competitive with other cleaning companies and House Spouse does a much better job!
5	Love House Spouse!  Very reliable and thorough house cleaning for a reasonable price.  Their personnel are friendly and courteous, and they always leave a thank you note,  which is such a nice touch.   Check out their website to see how this business has been recognized with several "best of" designations.  Highly recommend!
5	House Spouse is a wonderful cleaning service that I will continue to use!!!  I initally contacted them because they offer both house cleaning service as well as carpet cleaning.  They did a fabulous job in a timely manner.  I came home to a tidy and fresh smelling home.  I have two dogs and the carpet cleaning was very well done.  Casey is very professional and they can accommodate any of your cleaning needs.  Call them today!
1	You would think a "deep cleaning" would include mopping the bathrooms, scrubbing the shower/tub and wiping down the doors but maybe they forgot. For the price they charge I would not recommend this service to anyone. If you do give them a try I highly suggest you request a written copy of the quote so you know what all you're paying for. Specify if you need certain appliances to be cleaned. Don't assume they will do it just because they have two people cleaning your house for 4hrs. The one good thing I can say is that they showed up on time.
