5	Ask for Edith and she'll do wonders with your eyebrows. For $12, she shapes and trims your brows to either how you want or what best suits your face. Her techniques are gentle, fast and flawless!
3	nice place, modern but tastefully so. less pretention than at ippatsu in downtown champaign. $40 for a men's haircut isn't cheap, but the results last months; my hair didn't grow all over the place in two weeks. the ladies are nice to hang out with. minus one star for the 20min wait (although i was on time), and the endlessly looping soundtrack which gets repetitive after a while.Dec 2007 update: my 2nd haircut here did not last too long, despite having the same hairdresser. i guess this is hit-or-miss then. and the wait time was excruciating... total 90 minutes for a guy with short hair?
2	I'm not too sure what to think of this place. After reading the two previous reviews on Yelp, I thought this would be a good place to go get my hair cut. So I made an appointment and went one rainy afternoon. The girl who cut was hair was friendly and meticulous, but quite honestly she didn't do a very good job. First, she hardly cut anything at all, which I find very annoying: if I'm going to pay $40 on a haircut, I don't want to have to come back in two weeks. Second, I'm not too hot about the way she cut it... nothing terrible, but again not worth $40. Don't take me wrong, I have no problem spending $40 on a haircut (and in fact I used to spend $50 all the time in NYC), but it has to be a good haircut. Of course, I haven't tried every single stylist there, and maybe they do a better job on women. But hairdressers are one type of business that I don't give second chances to, so I don't think I'll be going back.
5	This is one of the few places that genuinely makes me miss Champaign-Urbana.On a recommendation from my friend, I booked an appointment there with Jen. She was amazing! I brought in a few photos of a cut I liked and she worked with my face shape and hair type to ultimately give me exactly the style I wanted! I'd been growing my hair out for a very long time following an extremely awful short cut at a higher priced Chicago salon, but had never been able to wear it down. This cut fixed all that, and even achieved flattering straight-across bangs (a style I'd been afraid of since 6th grade). They also did the hair and makeup for our end of the year fashion show, and did a wonderful job with incorporating multi-colored braids into the hair in a way that flattered the clothing as well (and great makeup!). I recommend H20 to almost everyone, and it's one of the few motivating factors in my life to taking the dull 2 hour drive down 57 back to C-U.
2	i'm kinda torn on this place. the very first experience i ever had included me waiting almost an hour for my stylist to show up for my appointment. she never did, so i rescheduled with someone else and got a very 'blah' haircut that was more like a trim, which wasn't what i was looking for. i guess at least the original stylist i had been scheduled with came up and apologized, so that was cool. still, though--even though the price was decent, after the experience as a whole, i'm not sure i'll be going back.
5	I don't know if Ursa is still around, but she came all the way down to St. Louis, armed with a box of stuff, and did the hair and makeup for the bride, bridesmaids, and the bride's mom in a small hotel room.  Everyone looked amazing.
5	I've tried several of the other salons (Ippatsu, Timothy Johns, and Spa Envy) but I always come back to H20.  I like the red brick modern ambiance and the fact that they do charity events.  Ursa has been cutting my hair for years.  I've had her do short haircuts, long haircuts, spot color, and highlights.   I have always been very happy!  They also have a particular shampoo and styling product that I like and haven't found anywhere else.To tell you how much I recommend it:  H20 is a grown-up kind of place but I also bring my daughter here for a haircut (age 8) and Ursa is very good with children.  At first she was afraid but now she wants to go and sees it as a treat.
5	Ursa did a fabulous job fixing a horrible hair cut that I got at another salon in the area.  She was friendly and kind, and was able to turn my vague instructions into a flattering hair cut in record time.  I will definitely return.
5	Carly did a great job on my hair.  A little bit of funk, but still professional for work.  What I really appreciated was how great she was at telling me about the different products I was using, suggesting tips on how to take care of my hair, and also not assuming I had the money to buy the expensive stuff.Great place in Champaign-Urbana for the 20 somethings crowd to go for cuts.  Very welcoming atmosphere and good music playing too.
1	I made an appointment on 2 separate occasions for a wax. Once I was running 15 minutes late and was told I had to re-schedule. The second time, I was on time but had to wait over 20 minutes. I was disappointed to find the waxing table covered in removed hairs which was very unsanitary. The aesthetician did not seem comfortable in her surroundings. She even advised that I shave in-between waxing which is not advised because it makes waxing more painful and is not advised by most aestheticians.  I was disappointed in the quality as many hair were left (and I hadn't waxed since February so it seemed ridiculous) and many spots were not done.To my greatest horror, the price quoted on their website was outdated and I paid $50 for a wax that costs only $40 in the top New York salons. I'd not recommend this salon for hair removal services.
4	Ethan gave me a very good haircut. He asked plenty of questions along the way to make sure that we were on the same page, which seems intuitive, but many stylists fail to do this, leading to hilarity/disaster, depending on your p.o.v. Anyway, Ethan is a very skilled professional who does excellent work. Only 4 stars and not five because the services at H20 are just a little too dear for my budget. I am not saying their prices are unreasonable, because they are fair to be sure, but they are just a bit out of my range.
5	Carly is great.  She's very creative hair stylist.  I love the way she cuts my hair, edgy and modern.  She gives great advice on how to do it yourself hair styling and maintain your scalp and hair healthy.  I will miss her.  The spa section is also great.  Ursa  is also great.  I'd been going to her for 5 years.  She is very passionate about styling and her business.
4	Carly has been cutting my hair for quite some time now.  She does a great job and listens to her clients request.  She has cut and cut my hair and I have never been disappointed.  I recently had her wax my eyebrows and she I must say that I think she did a great job.  She just didn't wax the stray hairs away like most people do, she looked to see where the hair needed to grow out so my brows would fill in and look more natural.  I highly recommend Carly, she's easy to talk to and is good at what she does.
5	I have extremely dense, but baby-fine hair with tons of wave - - it's very difficult hair to cut. Additionally, I have a very prominent hair whorl which makes my pixie haircut even more difficult to get exactly right. That being said, I've never met anyone who could cut it right until I met Tarah (jr. hairstylist at H20, Urbana).Tarah is flexible, attentive, and asks tons of questions along the way ("Do we want it longer on top and on the sides? Do you want this part *points* cleaned up a little? What don't you like about the way it's growing? Do you want this part shorter? How's your whorl styling for you?"), which is rare in a hairstylist. Most of them just put their blinders on and have at it. Not Tarah. She offers styling tips, hair care tips, and has great ideas for spicing up a very short haircut. She also never fails to spend at least an hour on my hair. I get tons of compliments on my haircut, and I always, always refer them to Tarah. It's the best haircut in town, for an amazing price ($25).
4	I've been meaning to post my positive review since I got my haircut here by Carly (I think) back in January 2011. She totally fixed my last two less than desirable haircuts and cut it a little less boring. However, that didn't mean my hairstyle lost professionalism and went totally hot and trendy. I could do it either way, which was perfect. I'm looking forward to going back to get the cut freshened up. Carly has moved to Kane & Company, and so did I. I like her so much, I wasn't willing to switch stylists.
4	Was at UIUC for a conference and decided to treat myself. Not many people have commented on the spa services, so thought I'd contribute. Had a great facial here. Edith (sp?), the owner, really took care of me. She was really warm and open to conversation. Right off the bat, she asked me about my skin routine and skin concerns. She then took the time to address those concerns, and tailored the facial products she used to my skin type. The hour-long service consisted of 1) cleansing/exfoliation, 2) steam to open up pores, 3) extraction (slightly painful, but necessary), 4) a great mask, 5) head and foot massage, and lastly 6) a moisturizing step. Not bad for $60! (Tip not included).
4	Just recently got my curly hair cut here by Ethan. He did an outstanding job! I wanted to try something new- bangs- but was a little skeptical that it could work with my hair type. He really listened to my wants and worries and worked with me to find a great style that would show off my curls! He's actually a really smart guy and a curly hair expert. He also explained to me what kind of products are best for my hair. He didn't talk my head off like some stylists do but made me feel comfortable and relaxed. Yes, the prices are high for a college student's budget, but definitely worth it. My hair hasn't ever looked this great and for once, I didn't cry after a cut! :)
5	Ethan saved my hair! Went to a cheaper salon elsewhere that got good reviews. The lady wet my hair to cut it (but didn't dry since I just wanted a cut). Thought it was okay, paid, got home and once I dried it, I saw it was a MULLET. Horrible. Booked an appointment with Ethan half an hour later, he cut off the mullet part, but it was still pretty bad, so he reshaped everything back into a very cute and chic bob, one of the best I've had! From my worst haircut to the best in one day! Highly recommend Ethan to anyone looking for a haircut, he really listens to what you want and executes extremely well!
5	There don't seem to be many waxing reviews up here so I feel obligated to share my good experience.I had been planning to call and make an appointment for weeks but kept putting it off.  I've had bad waxing experiences in the past and was somewhat paranoid about coming out of the whole thing with crooked eyebrows.  Eventually I just stopped by; they didn't have any customers at the time so Lauren asked if I would like to have my brows done right then.The waxing area is in the back, behind a curtain in its own little room.  Lauren did a great job and the whole thing was even less painful than I remember.  Aside from doing a stellar job with shaping my eyebrows and generally making them look nice, I was also extremely pleased with the products used.  In the past I've had problems with breaking out after having my eyebrows waxed, but this time I had very little, if any irritation at all and zero breakouts.  Just really nice lookin' eyebrows, which is of course the desired result.The salon itself is pretty hip and funky looking.  I'm not much of a salon person and usually feel intimidated just by the idea of walking into such a place.  I felt comfortable here, however, and the staff were all very friendly and welcoming.  I look forward to coming here for my next haircut, and definitely recommend their waxing services!
5	I have been to H2O salon three times now, and have had two different stylists take care of me, Ethan and Lauren. I have to say that I am absolutely thrilled with their work. Admittedly, I had previously gone to the cheap 'clips' and 'cutters' places, and I thought a hair cut was a hair cut. After my first experience with H2O, I realized what I was missing. They do so much more to make your hair cooperate with your style, they wash it with really amazing products (the conditioner makes your head feel cool, I think there's mint in it) and they offer useful styling tips as well. The most recent time I was there, they gave me a hot towel face massage and hand massage (I think it was a daily special that they were running). I almost fell asleep because I was so relaxed! The environment is very hip, with brick walls and really cool art hanging all around. I absolutely recommend checking this place out. They have me for life.
5	I decided to seek out a new stylist in town after getting bored with the same ol' thing. I saw the reviews and decided to give H20 a try. I called and made an appointment with Edith. She is FABULOUS. Not only is she personable and professional, she also does really great work. She was teaching some of the junior stylists while doing my hair. My hair is a thick and wavy, but I really wanted a bob. She explained that the models who have bobs often have thin hair. However, she did say it could be done, she would just have to use some special techniques. She explained everything and made me feel very comfortable. Not to mention, she taught me how to blow dry my hair in 5 minutes flat (a task that usually takes more than 10 minutes). I will definitely be going back.
5	Had a wonderful hair cut with Lauren! I called in this morning got in right away with the help of a most kind receptionist. I've been trying to grow out my hair so I've avoided the salon for  very long time so I was a little nervous while waiting for my appointment. However, Lauren put me right to ease. She was so nice and as we talked about my haircut, she obviously knew so much about styling, care, etc. Much more than anyone else I've been to (Allure, Timothy Johns, and more). She does a great job with incorporating what you want while also being very honest about what will look best with your face shape. My hair looks so much more healthy now and she preserved the length so well! My bangs are also much more blended and my layers look beautiful! All feats considering that I have wavy coarse hair. Best 35 dollars I've spent in a while :)
5	Have been here twice now. Once for a haircut/style and another time for manicure/brow wax. Haircut was great, I think I had Lauren (its been a while since I was there and Im bad at names!) and she did great. I told her I wanted to do something different from my hair, I was bored with my current plain and simple style. She styled my hair by shortening it a little, and adding some more defined layers and updating my bangs. It look "new," great on me, and I am able to do a lot with it (make it look elegant, simple or edgy etc). More recently I got a brow wax and manicure. Technician was personable, made the usually unpleasant brow wax experience pretty comfortable and she styled them great. I've gotten some brow waxes in the past (at other salons) that end up with me having barely any brow left. She instead asked what I was looking for, gave recommendations on how she could style them and in the end it looked great.Manicure was also great. Part of the process was putting my fingers in this warm lotion thing which I've never had before but it was actually really nice! Technician (Jeanie) was very nice and personable. Explained all the options to me (regular paint versus shellac (not sure if I spelled that right), and I end I got regular paint because its cheaper. Nailed looked great, and lasted a long time. She was very considerate and since I was riding a bike home (which involves using hand to take off lock and put on helmet) she said to come back in if I chipped any nails through that process. I didn't but it was nice to have the offer.  Id recommend all of the services I've had at H2O, great place, local business, sweet interior, personable people, everyone I had asked what I wanted and gave recommendations to me. Will continue to visit H2O and I encourage you too as well!
5	My boyfriend gets his hair cut here every three weeks. He always looks amazing and they take good care of him. I just moved here and am looking forward to my appointment in a few weeks.
5	I've since been back for 2 haircuts, one from Edith and one from Lauren.  They both did an excellent job and gave me exactly what I wanted--something that's rarely happened in all my past salon experiences.  I usually have a vague idea of what I want my hair to look like, and both Edith and Lauren were able to take those vague ideas, add their own flair, and give me a perfect haircut.  Really, I don't think a salon experience could be better than that.I also really like the products by Eufora that they use here; adds to the experience, and feels (and smells) luxurious.
1	I went to H2O on a whim since I live in Chicago and was visiting family in Champaign. I called the salon and asked for a senior stylist and explained over the phone what I would like done to my hair.  I have long brown wavy hair and have had an ombre since last year and was looking to get it touched up. I told the woman who made my appointment and she reassured me that one of her 'senior stylists' could handle it.I sat in the stylist's chair for 4 hours and at the end of it I had the worst color and haircut Ive ever had in my life. I brought a picture of the color I was looking for and had a conversation with the stylist about what I wanted and she reassured me that she could do it. I ended up getting my hair fixed at another salon the next day and lost 3 total inches of my hair length because of what she attempted to do. The stylist that fixed it also told me she couldnt fix my color because my hair would break off after what the stylist at H2O did.
5	I found out about H2O salon on yelp and gave it a try. Everyone there was extremely nice the moment I walked through the door for my appointment. I came in with curly hair down to my waist and came out with the most spectacular cut right above my shoulders. I like drastic change and Susan gave me exactly what I wanted. Before even taking out her scissors, she sat down and talked to me about what I want and my lifestyle. I'm a single mother of a four year old and needed something easy. She gave me everything I wanted and more in a cut and color. I will go no where else for all future haircuts and coloring. Susan was so amazing no other place can match it.
5	Fabulous cuts! Our whole family goes here now. Lauren did a great job with our children - she works so well with them even when they don't always sit still (they are toddlers). We've gotten many compliments, and this place is worth it.
5	I needed a new stylist and so I actually did a little yelp research for a salon in the CU area. I also went to each salon's website and checked out their different stylists. I finally settled on H2O and decided that Lauren would be a good fit. I called and made an appointment. When I got there, Lauren introduced herself and we talked about what kind of cut I wanted. I usually just do a straight, plain cut. I wanted to do something different and so she did an angled layered bob cut with the long layers at my chin. Ever since my cut, everyone has complimented my new haircut. I will definitely be going back to Lauren for all my haircut needs. Lauren has moved to Kane and Co now. FYI.
5	Just got my haircut there yesterday with Angela, who is new to the salon. It was WONDERFUL! I have been looking for a good salon in C-U as my previous experience at a different salon was horrible. Angela did a great job cutting my hair and the finished product was exactly what I was looking for! I will be going back for sure and have found my reliable salon in Urbana!
5	I have come here for almost a year now and I have NEVER been disappointed. Edith, the owner runs a free spirited, lgbt friendly shop that offers the works. Maggie, the senior stylist uses the straight razor very well and is a miracle worker when it comes to color. She and every other stylist do nothing short of amazing work. From everything to your not so typical color cut ombre with brow wax all the way to a quick clean up. You will NOT be disappointed!! With the offer of refreshments throughout your appointment and a head massage on top? It cant be beat. Walk in friendly for junior stylists means you can always see someone with great talent. Or if you would rather have someone more seasoned take care of you, call ahead because the pros book fast!! Once again, Maggie does me but the whole shop deserves 5 stars!
5	I like Edith very much. She really takes the time to ask questions, and she knows what she is doing with curly hair.  don't know if she has many years of experience with it, but she takes the time to give the customer what they want, and she has been taking courses specifically to master techniques to cut curly hair. It took a few tries to get the exact hair cut I wanted, but I never disliked her work and eventually I got what I wanted. If you can see my profile picture, Edith had just cut my hair the day before :)
2	Not my favorite place to go. I went in the first time to get my hair done ombre and the woman talked a lot, which is okay, but while talking she said the look that I wanted was trashy...so she toned it down...I went back for her to fix it, which she didn't charge me for, but she used a different method that wasn't as great at blending the colors. The surroundings are okay, doesn't have a super clean or polished look.
1	I got a haircut here with Maggie last week. I showed her few pics and was very clear about how much I wanted it off. She ended up cutting waaay too much off. She didn't listen to any of my requests and my hair just look like a total disaster. I will never be coming back here again.
5	I don't write many reviews but I wanted to take some time out and say what a good experience I had here. I had a haircut and overall color with Angela. When you first walk in, it doesn't seem all that. Although, everyone is very friendly. I sat down in the chair, immediately Angela asked me what I wanted. I showed here two pictures, one of the haircut style I wanted and another of the color I wanted. She looked at the picture for less than 2 minutes and said okay I'll be right back. She spent about 2 hours on my hair which included the color and haircut. She was very nice, funny and witty. It was honestly one of the best hair experiences I've had in a very long time. I'm so happy with the result. She did exactly what I was looking for. Angela is definitely going to be my go to girl! I might have to come back to Champaign after I leave just for my hair :)
5	I went into to H2O after putting off getting a haircut for quite a while after moving back to Urbana.  Edith gave me a great haircut, on par with what I was getting at the boutique salon a few doors down from where I previously lived in NYC.  Highly recommended.
1	Maggie trimmed my bangs and I was very disappointed with the result. The bangs were cut too short and unevenly. I have to pin them up until they're long enough to trim again. I definitely would not recommend her!
5	H20 is the best place there is in downtown Urbana. I had Maggie Hurley do my hair and it's very hard for someone to get it right but she did wonders. I definitely recommend going to her and the salon in general. Everyone was very friendly and helped me gain my confidence back in how I looked. Definitely will be going back!
5	I want to know why yelp is fucking with my reviews. Maggie Hurley did my hair and did an awesome job. Would definitely go back to her again. Frequent user my ass yelp.
5	I got a haircut and highlights for my curly hair with Angela. She spent about three house on my hair and did an absolutely great job. She was very very nice and friendly. She also gave good suggestions to find a good style of my hair. I definitely recommend this salon and Angela.
