1	This is another example of buying product hype and a service that is not ready for primetime. When it works, it's great, when it doesn't, which is often, customer service is clueless. They go by a manual but clearly don't know what the purpose is for certain procedures.Then, when nothing else works, you get transferred (maybe) to a "Level 2 tech." Oh boy! What they've usually said, after a lot of useless attempts from the livel 1 tech, is, "Oh, they're down for maintenance." This was said once in the middle of the day. I asked if they meant routine maintenance, she said she thought so. There's a great time to do it. During business hours, if that was correct.When it wasn't working for the 3rd day in a row, I was told they would need 7-10 days to investigate. Then, this morning, it was working again. But, it wouldn't connect with Gmail. Everything else worked but that. The level 1 tech suggested I disconnect the modem and/or router, reboot, etc. Now nothing works. I called back and they said the system is out in this area. He said it would be back online within an hour. That was 3 hours ago!Beware, buy only when all the beta kinks are out.
1	You would be smart to stay clear of Clearwire. Let's just say I have had to file a complaint with the BBB (Better Business Bureau)Their internet connection & customer service is REALLY bad!!!!
1	In my 60 years on this earth,  Clear wireless phone, internet and usb modem service is the worst company I've ever done business with!  The left hand does not communicate with the right hand and they have too many problems to mention.  At least they are letting me out of my contract and some of their own employees are aware of their disfunctional issues.  They don't deserve any stars at all, yet at least one was required.
1	DO NOT GET THIS SERVICE!!!!!Can you give zero stars? OMG! Let me take a deep breath and get centered before I begin.... Exhale......I just moved to the area from L.A. Verizon was my former ISP, but they do not service this area. I got on the the internet and saw that Clear was available. Fine. I called and spoke with a great salesman who told me that I would be able to access the internet on my laptop and stream my netflix through my Wii with lightening speed and absolutely no interruptions. Great! The 4G modem arrived and I felt like Christmas had come in July, but in the end it was more like April Fools and the joke was on me! I connected the equipment and was never able to get service without interruption. No matter where I moved the modem, I could never get more than two lights!Customer service is the biggest joke ever!!!  Not only was each and every agent I spoke with severely mentally delayed,  they also hung up on me several times after I'd been on  hold for a minimum of 20 minutes!  To add insult to injury, it was sssssllllllllooooooowwwwwww. I mean like slower than dial-up when I was in jr. high!  Terrible! Terrible! After 4 days I couldn't take it anymore and had Cox installed (see my review). When I called to cancel Clear, the idiot actually tried to offer me the same service in a bundle with Direct TV even after I told her that I don't watch tv and that  her companies crap didn't work at all!!!  As I said earlier, severely mentally delayed! DON'T EVER GIVE THIS COMPANY YOUR TIME OR MONEY!
2	As a service, they were pretty spotty in the NW of LV.  As an employer, they did pay me money.  But they did also let me go near Christmas.  So, uh, there we are.
1	As someone else mentioned, I wish I could give zero or negative 10 stars. This service is horrible. I've had Clearwire for over two years. The first year was great. As they grew and became more popular in Vegas, however, it got worse and worse.Clearwire throttles heavy users. They don't admit to doing it, but they do. Usually it only happens to me at night when their usage is heaviest. Today, it's been all day long. It is worse than dial-up. I work from home and I find this intolerable.I called Clearwire and they again repeated the lie that they don't throttle (even though you can find proof from other users posted all over the Internet). I ran a speed test and, check this out. They promise 4G service. My download speed is 2.09 Mbps, upload is .28. Yes. . .point two eight. As I type this there is at least a one second lag before each letter shows up.I am so over this. Yes, it's cheap. But if you depend on being able to work online, spend the extra money for a better service. I did a lot of research and am having CenturyLink installed tomorrow. Yes, they actually gave me a next-day appointment. I've read negatives about both Cox and CenturyLink, but nothing can be as bad as Clear so I'm not worried.If all you do is check your email and do light Internet surfing, you may be fine. But if you want to watch YouTube videos, download photos or anything normal users do, forget it. It is not worth even the small amount they charge.
1	Couple of years ago, a representative conducted a credit inquiry without my permission and my credit score went down.  When I complained about it, they said that there was nothing they could do.  I was a former customer so they had my info on file.  I thought I would give them another opportunity to sell me on the product.  I did not purchase their services, but they still conducted a credit inquiry.  I will never use this service.
1	Can I give a zero star??!!  I think this is the worse internet connect here we have in Las Vegas (specifically in INDIAN SPRINGS or CREECH AFB, NV).  I've called so many times to complain about the issue, internet is veryyyyyy slow and intermittent.  The modem is showing 3/5 bars, which is good but the internet is worse than dial-up!!!  I've called other locations that also utilizes clearwire and waaalaaa they're having the same issue!  Talked to customer service but I don't know what it is, when a company outsource the most important part of their business (technical support) to save money, they're also giving up their quality of service.  These techs doesn't know 90% of the questions I'm asking, which I know is not their fault, but it's not the same quality you're getting if the techs know what the situation is and can relate it rather than reading steps of what to say next.  PLEASE CLEARWIRE!  IF YOU HAPPEN TO READ THIS DO SOMETHING!  Send your techs here and find out how bad the connection here and fix it.
