3	Did the Desert Adventure ATV Tour which did some ATV trails in Moapa (very cool), short visit to Valley of Fire (ehhh) and driving a Razr on a small, small muddy course (which wasn't worth it at all).    Would I do it again?  Hmm.. probably not but it's an experience so you need to do it at least once in your life.   Would I hire these guys again?  Since it was only okay for me... I would if there was a deal.
5	Our Desert ATV/RZR Tour took off to a great start.  Our driver and tour guide Brandon and Ronnie were amazing.During the hour and a half drive to the ATV sight our guide Brandon shared interesting facts on Las Vegas' natural resources and history. He was very informative which made the drive appear shorter.There is short rest stop along the way for rest room and snack breaks and unlimited bottles of ice cold water are provided throughout the tour. Although the ATV/Razor assignment for the group were a little shaky at first (due to a misunderstanding on an individual online order) otherwise the prepping to ride was organized and quick. If you've never rode an ATV or like to ride with someone, I recommend driving the RZR it's a more comfortable vehicle, however it is not designed for people 5'2" and under as I had to sit up off the seat to reach the peddles.If you are taking turns driving. The first leg of the tour consist of sharp (but even level) twist and turns. I highly recommend this leg of the tour for the "less experienced driver". The second leg of the tour should be left for the more "adventurous" driver in your party. It consist of sharp twists and turns, vertical climbs and roller coaster like drops. Loads of fun! Ronnie and Brandon our tour guides are personable, funny, courteous and informative. Wear comfortable clothing you WILL get dirty. Lunch consisted of sandwiches, chips and cookie and a great time to share "stories" as unwind after a bumpy ride. Next is loading up and heading to Valley of Fire for the final stage of the tour. A quick drive through Valley of Fire consist of a substantial photo stop at the Civilian Conservatory Corps then followed by a nice stop at the Visitor Center for interesting artifacts and souvenirs. This is an awesome tour that we will DEFINITELY be taking again and I highly recommend to anyone looking for a different type of fun in Las Vegas.
5	Had such a great time.  Picked up from our hotel and after getting everyone, took about a 45 minute drive to where we rode.  Instruction was short and sweet and we got to riding.  It was so much fun!!!  The ride itself was pretty long, i was pleasantly surprised we got so much time.  Stopped halfway for a water break.  No one in the group was ever left behind.  Nice views, wish we could take more pics but oh well!  At the end, there was a nice box lunch from Subway with turkey sandwich, chips and water.  Got back in the van and the driver took the more scenic route through Valley of Fire Park and actually stopped and let us browse for half an hour.  Super cool.  It was a great day!
5	Went to Vegas this weekend and wanted to try new things instead of just the clubs and bars.  The website was easy to use and plus booking included time and pickup and the ATV tour we wanted to go on was on sale for only $99/person.  The tour itself was amazing.  Richard picked us up at Aria right on time and it only took 20 mins to get to Nellis Sand Dunes.  The tour itself was nice because it was just the BF, Richard (tour guide) and I so we really got to have a nice tour for just the two of us.  Having never ridden, Richard made me feel really comfortable and was not pushy that I was going really slow.  We rode all over for about 2-3ish hours and even saw the rare desert tortoise :)Would definitely recommend anyone who has the morning free in Vegas to go to the ATV tour.
5	Me and my girlfriend did the horseback riding with goldmine tour. It was the best we have done so far at this US trip :D
5	Me and my son went on june 5th......Red the tour guy! picked us up at our hotel on time,he was very nice!! and he kept all people who came with us, entertained! he's a very funny guy! me and my son, had a Blast!, they hold up to their name ( AWESOME ADVENTURE) we went on the desert tour, and Valley of fire!!! very cool, and breath taking adventure!!!!! The ATV are so sweet! they went perfect to our speed! ( FAST) but safe!!! my son who never been on these ATV! he picked up fast! was a natural !!!! he had fun!! I will do this again, the staff who booked us are very polite!! CANT FORGET to give them credit!! : ) I cant wait until i do this again!!!!!! Thank you for making me and my sons cheeks hurt! from smiling so much!!!!! we needed that!! 5 stars in my BOOK!!!
5	Went kayaking with Brandon. He is very knowledgeable about Nevada - had cultural, historical, and geograhical tidbits to share. He was prompt, organized, and seemed to really love his job. Thanks!
