5	Scenic views were an A+, the very cold 29 degree beer was an A+, the food was a B.  The wait staff very friendly!!
4	WOW! the beer really is cold. 29 degrees as advertised. they even have a temperature scoreboard that let's you see what the degrees are! i love me some icy beer! mozza sticks are fabulous and the chicken fried steak is huge...enough for two people. so happy this place opened near my house. i want to try the outdoor seating next to the firepits!
5	Scenic views were an A+, the very cold 29 degree beer was an A+, the food was a B.  The wait staff very friendly!!
5	Pulled pork nachos were wonderful.  Atmosphere is great for watching the game and the customer service is unbeliveable.
3	The food was good, but the service, while not terrible, wasn't great. I went with 3 stars over 2 because while it didn't blow me away, it doesn't deserve to be slammed or completely written off. We may have just been feeling the impact of a new wait staff or an inexperienced waitress, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt. I don't think I would go out of my way to go again but it doesn't make the worst of Charlotte list either.
4	I enjoyed my first visit here.   Food was good, but the atmosphere is excellent.   Me and my friends had a great time with the bar tenders.  Super nice girls and the scenery was excellent!
5	You must have the Chili.  It is served Texas Stlye, no beans, with several types of meats.   Awesome!   The bowl serving could be larger, but only because it was that good!!
5	This place could easily be my 2nd home!  Great, cold (29 degree) beer, friendly staff and a man cave with huge tv's. oh yea... The food is good too. Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
4	What is this travesty?! There is only one Twin Peeks in Charlotte and it doesn't serve food if ya catch my drift....Well I guess in this context I guess there would be two peaks per girl.....muahahaha ^ ^o o   ,} OSame owner? I hope so otherwise there might be some cause for widespread panic and confusion.
4	In the beginning, there was Hooters (were Hooters?). Though they were good, it was not, if you get my drift. If you don't, just carry on. Over time, Hooters grew, and this could also be seen as good. And this is going downhill fast. So we will move on.Over time, others came onto the scene. In Charlotte, it meant Bikinis. Not impressive in their first incarnation, and better in their second. Then Tilted Kilt. Better still. Finally, Twin Peaks. Truly a destination that everyone can enjoy. For the most part.Sure, this is not for every meal. You have televisions everywhere and they do not interfere with your conversation. There is a massive bar down the middle. It is a lodge atmosphere. There are women sporting cleavage. But their uniforms are mostly tasteful, and perhaps most important - they coordinate, both with each other and the surroundings. In a lodge? You need lumberjacks! Plaid tops and khaki bottoms. They accessorize with belts, boots and colorful socks. But the basic uniforms match, unlike other places (ahem - Bikinis).Service was excellent all around, which I'm sure will draw comparisons to other not-so-savory locales, but hey, it is what it is. Food quality is good, but some items are better than others. Taco appetizers are not worth it, while the hangover burger is one of the better items I've had around town.
4	Good to see that Ryan's was replaced by a pretty original place.  Geared more towards the guys, twin peaks has pretty much taken the best of other business models and taken it further with the feel of a Hooters, the novelty of the Tilted Kilt, but with a cozy - lumberjack, cabin in the woods vibe.  Twin peaks brings the "man cave" to you with a comfortable cabin setting and girls with some very flattering red flannel attire.Located over by Concord Mills, I've only been for lunch - but it was a pretty solid lunch place.  Server was super nice and attentive.  I had a chicken sandwich and fries.  I was a bit excited to see that they have their own brand of ketchup (most likely Heinz that is relabeled) but fun anyway.  Had a conversation with our server about it.TV's are everywhere, so I would imagine this place would get pretty packed for football or other sporting events.
4	awesome place. why dont they have one of these in new orleans??????
4	Fun place for all ages of young and not so young. Very cold beer and good friendly service. The chili is excellent as it is flavorful with plenty of meat and no beans. Wings could use a little help but decent. The red hot flavor was medium in my opinion. Cheerful vibe with good prices. I'll be back next trip through town.
3	I came here with guys from work for the, eh, scenery. The atmosphere was cool but the servers are not hired for their serving abilities. We waited around before anyone got to us. It took forever to get anything. I had a chicken sandwich that was really good and the queso dip was amazing (thank you to my Yelp! check in that got me that for free!) If you don't care about timeliness this is a great place to go if you are into that type of scenery.
2	Got an email a couple weeks ago advertising the bikini contest, went last night and was surprised to see an unadvertised $5 cover charge.  Waited in line to get in and when I got to the front I was told it was $5 cash only, if you had a card you had to use the ATM.  The ATM charged $2.99 on top of whatever fees your bank charges so this would easily bump the cover charge over $10.  The fact that you got a coupon to use next month for paying does not matter.I can't imagine that the people hosting this have ever run an event before.  It would be trivial to include the cover charge in your emails, that way people wouldn't get annoyed when they see the signs for it and leave (saw 3 groups of 3-5 people see it and walk off in 10 minutes waiting).  It would also be trivial to pay with a card, your business takes cards so this can only be a way to gouge your customers with fees.Finally please work on your parking, people were having to park in other businesses' lots to get over to Twin Peaks, these places were still open at the time and it is quite rude of you to not account for that.Food wise I've been before and was quite happy with the basic cheeseburger and staffing is hit and miss, I've had great service and then merely okay. Management on the other hand clearly has a lot of room to improve.
3	Food was decent, but service is hit or miss. If your waitress has another table she wants to flirt at, you're likely not to get good service.
3	THREE VISITS!Visit 1 = Hangover Burger rocks!  Visit 2 = Hangover Burger and BBQ Nachos, perfecto......Love it.  On top of that, visit 2 was free for my wife on mothers day, how cool is that?  And now the rest of the story.....Third visit - 1 Star!  Yes 1 Star!  I rated it a 3 overall due to my total depression on the meal I had tonight.  Total crash and burn.  Wings, the mainstay of every sports bar / restaurant.  Right?  Well at $1 a wing, they better be delish!  Negatory!   Over cooked, served cold and the hot sauce was not exactly hot.  It gets worse, the bleu cheese was like water.  In fact it was so bad, I sent it back thinking it was ranch.  The server apologized and said that she gets a lot of complaints, but that is just the way it is.  The manager came by and I expressed my distaste.  I mentioned the local competition, Iron Thunder and Quaker Steak, can you believe he had never been to either?  He seemed not to concerned with the nasty ass bleu cheese.  He did say it was made fresh daily.  It was such a bummer, I did not eat my last four wings......... Bluck!Well, whatever.  Win some, lose some.  On the brighter side, my wife had the fish tacos, in which she thought they were friggin' to die for, her words, I swear.I am still bumded though, this place is top shelf in my opinion,  a buck a wing and $3.60 bottles of beer, I expect a little more out of my wings.  I know now that if I want wings, on bike night I will go to Iron Thunder for 50 cent wings and a buck PBR.    AND when I want a tasty, rockin' Hangover Burg, I will hit this place up.
2	Nice place kinda log cabinish, indoor & outdoor seating, lots of tv's, wasn't very impressed with the menu choices. Staff seemed nice & friendly.The need a menu revamp.
4	it's actually a nice place: smells good (piney), cold beer, good food, reasonable prices and of course hot women. All areas a notch (or few) above Hooters, which the owner, a former Hooters franchisee set out to do. Mission accomplished.
1	While the food is way better than Hooters, this is a borderline strip bar that blurs the line between strippers and a restaurant. "Breastaurant" really does best describe it. I would NEVER take my kids to this self proclaimed "Family Restaurant" as the owner likes to call it. I've given this place four different shots over the past 8 months to get their service right and the last visit took over an hour to get a basic hamburger and fries.  I finally walked out before ever seeing the food.  Thank God Carolina Ale House opened up just a block away. The food is great but the service is spectacular there.
2	It just amazes me that someone can put this much money into a place and not put anything into the wait staff. Waited 20 minutes from first sitting down to get our drinks, on a SLOW nite no less. Food came out so fast it made Mcdonalds look slow. The wings were a tic below sub par. Barely warm in temperature and the red sauce tasted and appeared to be of a tabasco consistency. The beer is actually too cold. When beer gets too cold, the carbonation in the beer stays in the beer until it is consumed and released in the customer's stomach. This also results in lost profits because the customer cannot drink as much. Bar rescue has taught me right. All in all we will not be going back unless drastic changes are made towards the staff, food and beer.
3	Came here to watch a football game. Born and raised 22 years in Charlotte. Karen the manager turned down my ID because of a little wear and tear. It doesn't expire until 2017!!
3	went here with some friends one night , had a few beers. it was OK. called the place to see if i could have my assistance dog with me on the patio and they said it was OK. showed up with my dog at the patio and the BITCH that greeted me was very rude and pretty much called me a lire when i told her that i called ahead about the dog. to that i say go fu*k yourself. handicap hell!!!!!! you guys dont give a sh*t
4	A fun atmosphere definitely two steps up from Hooters. The food was good and reasonably priced. Great indoor/outdoor bar with lots of nice TVs to watch a game.  I didn't have a drink but it looked like there were a number of beers on tap.
4	Went there last night for the 10th time.  Great beer, great scenery, and OK food.  The waitresses are usually pretty attractive and their attire appealing to the fellas.  But the best features are the bar layout and great TVs/screens.  Best sports bar I've been to in a long time!
4	I am pleasantly surprised by the service and the food. Usually, the eye candy substitutes good service and good food, but this place has both good food and better eye candy.Don;t forget to check in and get yourself some free queso and chip dip. I had their grilled chicken and it was good. Buddy had the meatloaf and he said it was good too. Chicken quewsadilla.. also good.  Lots of TVs to keep the sports fan occupied or their eyes averted from the waitresses prancing around in really skin tight and skimpy tops... but hey.. i am not complaining.Its a fun restaurant, good service and really really super duper cold beer...
1	Sadly I left without being waited on. I was waiting at the bar to place an order.  Sat 5 minutes with no greeting or acknowledgement. Two guys sat down and got waited on before me. I left and went to Hooters never to return.
2	Stick to Hooter's, y'all. First off, let me say for some really strange reason, I love breastaurants. So I was pretty excited to try Twin Peaks. When it comes to food, the fried pickles were the best thing I had, but again Hooter's is better. For an entree, I got the  blackened fish tacos. These were pretty darn disgusting. The biggest letdown though, were the wings. What kind of sports bar has crappy wings?!?!?! Twin Peaks, that's who.Furthermore, the lumberjack-y theme was cool, I guess. But the plastic wood and rock decor trashed up the place. Is it that expensive to invest in a real dang rock? I'm sure nobody else even noticed this. But it was off-putting. There were a lot of tvs, however, rather than sports, half of them were turned to this bizarre Twin Peaks promotional channel.One more thing that probably didn't matter to most, but peeved me were the girls. Well not so much the girls, or their little outfits, but the gaudy jewelery and belts. Like we see you walking around half naked, why do you have to wear a giant pink rhinestone belt and gargantuan fake necklace too? All the girls had so many gaudy, non-matching accessories, it really just made them look trashy. Again, I'm sure nobody else would even notice. But it bothered me.Another thing, our waitress was really weird about giving my boyfriend his military discount. Which maybe it's not standard procedure for them to give military discounts anyway. But it was still a strange situation that did not get Twin Peaks any brownie points.You can find me eating a mile or two down the road at Hooters, and for the love of breastaurants, I hope you make the same decision.
5	Today was my 3rd visit. I sat at the bar like I usually do when I am alone. Carly greeted me with a smile very pleasant. She had a smile on her face every time I saw her. She was very attentive to me and others around me. I ordered the steak sliders and they were good. The food came out pretty quickly considering it was 6:30 on a Friday night. I was more impressed with Carly and another bartender's service than I was the food. I will definitely be back.
3	Restaurant roulette brought us here tonight. We also got a coupon for free Chipotle Queso and chips from Yelp on our first check in. The dip was enjoyable, something different and nice. Hubby had a cup of Venison Chili. Said it was ok, but tasted like beef.I ordered the "girl size" Twin Burger and he ordered the "Smokehouse Burger".My Twin Burger was okay. The meat to bun ratio was off. Basically, the burger could have been thicker. He enjoyed the Smokehouse Burger. Said it was good, but too big.Waitress was sweet, she paid A LOT of attention to my hubby, as she must have been jealous my "twin peaks" makes hers look like gopher mounds.
5	My new favorite place in concord. Not only do you get an amazing view, but the food is awesome and the beer is litterally ice cold. We all had burgers and they were perfectly executed. Service was awesome, staff was super attentive and friendly.
5	I have been here no less than 6 times and each visit has been a good experience. We came here last night to watch a football game. We had a great view of at least 5-6 televisions from any seat. There was even a TV in the men's restroom. We all commented about how many televisions were in this place. There are low tables, bar seating and some high seats at tables. They even have a roaring fire going with sofas. It was busy but there was some seating still available all night. We had a group of four, we had beer and it was cold. They display the temperature of the beer in the dining room.  So cold it had ice burgs in the glass.The waitress was very attentive and kept our glasses full all night. She was busy and didn't take the time for the normal table side chat, you'll get that if they aren't too busy (lunch). We started with the wings and chose the medium sauce for them. They were really good. The waitress cleared the table almost immediately. The guys in our party ate:* Flat Iron steak (cooked to perfection and really lean and tender too). * Chicken fried steak (huge portion) he commented that it had some really hot peppers in the sauce. He did eat it all. * Venison chili (good)* Meat loaf (sliced and grilled) it looked like a steak. (good)I agree with some comments about it being like hooters... but the food is much better and there was a lot better choice too. They have burgers and fries if that's what you want. The only menu item I missed was some kind of pizza. Most bars in the area offer burgers, wings and pizza as the standard bar food. Bottom line the food is awesome and the wait staff was point on for game night, not to mention some nice looking young ladies.  Give this place a try... it's not really a date place (although there were some ladies there). I don't think I would take kids there either, just my opinion.
5	Really good food! Girls were friendly. Sweet tea was Awesome! Enjoyed the TP TV clips. Sat in a booth was very comfy. Decor is what you would find in a ski lodge. Really cool! Looking forward to returning with friends to enjoy a few drinks!
3	Twin burger wasn't anything special.  The queso was good, but the chips were stale.  The Philly cheesesteak was chewy.  The kids chicken strips were good.  We had never been. Hooters has nothing on the outfits these girls wear.  They made it worth the visit, but we won't be back unless it's lingerie week which is during Valentines.
5	things I like:  outdoors? yep.  log cabins? sure! scantily clad girls dressed like lumberjacks? absolutely!  I had no idea what Twin Peaks was, but im glad I tried it.  As far as "stare at my goodies" restaurants go, this one was much more comfortable than most.  The layout is good, the cabin theme is a nice touch for comfort, and the view certainly is peak - filled.   plenty of tv's to watch if you aren't into enjoying nature.  Ordered a philly cheesesteak and fries.  Both came out in a decent amount of time, and both were nice and hot.  I really liked the bread the philly was on.  Sometimes some places serve a bread that will slice up your mouth when u try to eat it, but this was nicely toasted and soft.  Will definitely come back again.
3	This is an update to my previous review, the food is still decent to pretty good unfortunately the service still leaves a lot to be desired. I usually go every couple weeks or months when I feel like a burger but want something better than jack in the box.  I usually come in during the weekends around 11-12 and the place is empty, I'm not big on crowds so I like it.  Never sit at the bar so I can't speak to that, the booths are nice and big.  The menu isn't very big and you can't find calorie counts anywhere, but if you're watching that you shouldn't be eating here anyway.The two main things I get here are the twin cheeseburger and the chicken tender basket, both are pretty good.  The appetizer tacos are decent but some bites were pure cilantro, not something I want to repeat.  Wait times for food isn't bad, usually around 10 minutes.Where this place consistently falls short is service, they hire all college age girls who think that just because they're not wearing much they can get by.  Obviously that's this place's theme but for example today I saw my waitress three times while I was there, last week was worse since my waitress was MIA and other girls had to check in on me.  I don't need someone hovering over me but at the same time if I'm tipping extra I would like to actually see the person I'm paying.Last thing that bothers me is that if I'm paying with cash they don't bring the change, it's not a biggie but they should ask if I want it and not assume I don't.  I'll probably go back again in a couple months when I forget about this time, kinda like Arbys.
3	update 5/2/14. Came in for lunch today with my brother in law.  one thing we didnt realize was the size (or lack thereof) of the menu.  if you are looking for more food other than burgers, pot roast, and appetizers, you will be pretty disappointed.  The menu is single page, with the entire back side dedicated to boozin' it up.   I didnt want the same thing as last time, but I definitely wanted more options than whats there.  I know, I know.... eye candy restaurant... but as lovely as the waitresses are, a restaurant should have more on the menu than that.On to the food.  This time I had a ranch chicken sandwich with spicy fries.  The sandwich was tasty, but the pico de gallo on the sandwich was more onion than tomato, so I was a little over aromatic.   Fries were good...decently crisp and hot.Our waitress wasnt as friendly this time, as far as any servers go.  When asking if we wanted refills, she didnt make eye contact.  No personalization to the meal, just "how was it?", "would u like your check?", etc...  Very cut and dry as if she was having a bad day.Sad to say, had to downgrade my rating this time.  Im not expecting a gourmet meal, but I do expect service to not seem like a burden, especially that early into the day.  Will re-evaluate again later.
5	Great selection of really really cold beer. Good service and ambience. Come here to drink some beer and watch a game.
5	Happy Mothers Day!   Wife got a free entree!  She got Philly Cheesesteak Texas Style and I got the Chicken Fried Steak with extra gravy!!!!!   The cheese on my wife's Philly was so good!!!!   FYI if your a cheeseaholic like this guy, the cheese is also on the queso and chips!   Mmmmmm.   This place has been consistently our go to place when kids are at mall.
1	My wife and I  walked in last evening, and  saw the B sanitation rating of 88% as we entered the door. Without hesitation turned around and left!  I worked in the food industry yeas ago and and can say anything less than than 93% is unacceptable. Until this number comes way  up, we are done this Twin Peaks at Concord.
1	Walked into this place looking for a beer and some food around 1am Saturday night/Sunday morning. There was plenty of waitresses, but apparently they have a visual impairment and could not see us waiting up front for the first few minutes. When we finally got a hostess, she politely asked "table or bar" and my buddy and I looked at each other and said we didn't care. Luckily, she alleviated any pressure for her to make a decision by sarcastically saying "I'm not gonna pick for you".  This wasn't that offensive to me, but set my buddy off. We ended up sitting at the bar where the bartender acted like we were more of an annoyance that anything more. We started off with a water and a bud light. There was no please, no thank you, no manners or general customer service skills present at all. She immediately tabbed us out for the one beer. At this point it was an invitation to leave. The beer remained full as we waited for the bartender to finish looking at her coworkers cell phone (I think it was a bday cake so happy bday to whoever that was for) we immediately tabbed out and tipped accordingly. There's a reason this place was dead on a Saturday night. Hopefully it will get closed down soon and they can get something decent in its place. Will never be back and do not recommend for even a beer. Less any food.
5	This is the best restaurant in the area. Top-notch service backed by the best food for the price. It's the only food I've had at restaurants that doesn't leave me feeling sick. They've made me a loyal customer. A+!
2	I had been a fan of TP since it had opened.  Unfortunately at the beginning of my last visit, I was informed that they were "tightening" up their policy on requiring a credit card up front in order to be served lunch.  Quite frankly, this rubs me the wrong way. I am sure that the problem of a few deadbeats leaving without paying is NOT a problem unique to Twin Peaks.  No other restaurants in the area shows this amount of disrespect to their customers. Its like they want you to come in their business and spend your money, but treat you like a crook in the process. No thanks for me. I don't care how good looking the waitresses are, or how the food is, I will not be back!!
5	Awesome place to go with the guys or even with the family! Lots of seating and TV's for sports viewing. The food is actually really good!!! You would think with the main event being the waitresses that the food would fall short but it does not! Our waitress Makayla was great; sweet, pretty and thank goodness the outfits are cute! No ugly orange 80s shorts and big socks for these girls! We came in with our kids and the girls where so sweet wanting to show them attention! They had a great time as well!
3	This isn't the kind of place you want to bring the family for dinner, but it a perfect destination for those looking to join a sausage fest and watch sporting events. There's a solid selection of nice, flat screens to watch and the best part is the food is a full grade (if not more) better than Buffalo Wild Wings and maybe to steps better than Hooters. The food isn't great, but for sports bar food, it gets the job done. We tore into the chicken fried chicken which exceeded our expectations, being less greasy than we expected and with white gravy that packed taste. The chicken was tender, too. As for my green chili meatloaf, it was pretty good. Come expecting to watch sports, drink beer and munch on average food, and you'll leave thrilled and probably with a crush on some young, college girl.
5	Great place to go for sports and ridiculously COLD beer!!! 29 degrees, ice in the beer, cant get any better!
2	We were in town and decided to try a new restaurant. We didn't know it was a cold winter in hooterS. Yes, basically hooters with less clothes on or maybe more. The food was okay. It was nothing major to talk about. The menu selection was small and it seem more of a bar atmosphere then a restaurant.
4	Have been coming here since they opened. Service and staff have gone downhill the past 6 months. Would have given it a 5 star if the original staff was still there. Beer is always cold. I love the Cajun chicken for my entree. Not a big fan of the fried pickles though, the breading on them lacks flavor. The manager needs to enforce the no smoking policy as well. Have had a few episodes of people holding their cigarettes under the bar and try to blow the smoke toward the patio.
3	I want to like this place more than I do. The decor and patio are cool, the beer is definitely cold, and the waitresses attractive. But for lunch, the menu is just too heavy and too pricey to make it a regular stop during the work week.
3	Well... where shall we start. We came here for a quick lunch bite before hitting the mall after Thanksgiving (on a Sunday... so the craziness has died down a little). I have never been to this Twin Peaks (or the other... you know, the REAL Twin Peaks), thus I didn't know what I was walking into. The hostesses and the waitresses all look to be barely 18, and barely dressed. I felt like I may end up in jail if I look at anyone of them for too long.For a slow afternoon, the service was even slower. I understand it was in between shift, but if we were the only table, I should not have to wait extensively for drink refills. Especially when at times a group of the barely dressed and barely legal waitresses were all just sitting around at a table doing nothing. I do have to say that the food was good. I had the BLT served with a side of tomato soup. For $11 it is not cheap but it can be worse.I know this is a spot for the boys to hang out and watch games, and I think they have done a good job catering to that clientele. Personally I think their TV setups are not the best (at least from where I sat, my neck hurt trying to watch the few games that were on). And by gosh do the girls have to look like they're still in middle school and stole their mama's makeups?
