5	I have to say Harkins theaters are good about supporting independent film and they saved this theater from being demolished or becoming another trashy dance club on Mill, and got a Tempe Beautification Award (whatever that is) in 2001, probably when Harkins bought it.to their respect, they didn't try to make it something it's not, they kept the old school marquee out front and show mostly indy films and hold film fests there like Spike and Mike's and the Edge held a free music movie thing there the same weekend as a arts festival, pretty cool. oh, and Arizona filmmakers held their opening of Never Been Thawed here.if you want to see that indy film that has made it into the mainstream theaters, come here instead and support those that do their part to support independent and local theater.
5	Fun fact: Dan Harkins was conceived here.  Yep, the guy who owns the chain of Harkins theaters was conceived here when his mom and dad ran the place way back when.  This is one of the big reasons why, when the place was looking a bit run down with it's old owners, Dan snatched it back up.  And thank goodness he did.  Personal Fun Fact: I saw a concert here.  Yes, a concert.  Because she was still so small she was too small for any other location.  She didn't even quite fill up the theater.  And who was that?  Oh yea... Tori Amos.  Yup.  Right after Little Earthquakes came out and before she went big.  I still have a promo-poster from it because I knew one day no one would believe that she performed there.  Back to film - I love catching the Sick and Twisted shows here.  I haven't done that in years, but it was always a good time.  Between the college students and those of us willing to travel, the place was usually at least 3/4 full.  And for those - sometimes it's nice to know you aren't laughing alone. It was also a great place to see Rocky Horror, but they haven't done that there in a long time. Independent Films, styled old school with a big marquee, where you can walk right in on Mill Avenue is a really great option no matter what they're showing.
4	Want to see that indie film that's not in the big theatres? Chances are, it'll be screened sooner or later at Harkins Valley Art Theatre. The movie theatre is historic and has been on Mill Avenue for years. I love the funky marquee outside and the old-box office feel. You'll feel like you've been transported into another era.
5	It doesn't look like much from the outside, considering most theatres are gaudy with bright lights and huge posters. But, shy as it might be in today's modern entertainment jungle, Tempe Valley Art is a fantastic little place. How can one not like a one-screen theatre that plays mostly obscure, low-budget, indie films, like Juno, alongside some of the bigger known names, including Babel?  You might expect a tiny viewing room when you walk in, but you'll be pleasantly surprised to find one of the biggest theatre rooms in the area (sure beats some of the rooms at the theatre farther South off Mill Ave.) Here's where I saw the final cut for Blade Runner. We sat in the back after I was told that's exactly where you needed to sit during a movie like this. I'm thinking it's where you should sit for every movie, for you're able to drink in the entire screen. Bonus: there weren't any squirmy or screaming children to contend with - not like you'll find at major theatres or mall areas. In conclusion, 3 parting thoughts: 1) I love this theatre! 2) I think I'll make a point to see a movie here once a month, starting with Juno when it begins playing here. This is the kind of pact every one should make. 3) If you've never been to this theatre, you're doing yourself a disservice. You should be kinder to yourself. Seriously. Go check out Valley Art Theatre today.
5	As a independent film maker I say thanks Harkens.from sic and twisted, To Scc southwest film Festival, Indys like Where the Bleep....   Good Stuff...It's been a great place to have premieres of little Local Features Like "neveer been Thawed"
5	Great movies shown here.  I saw NBT here.  I'm awaiting the showing of the new Hunter S. Thompson film here.  Good theater room too.  Never really crowded.  Just a pleasant movie experience overall.
4	This is a great, little theater.  It only has one screen, and they show a variety of films that get such a limited release, you might not be able to see it play anywhere else but here within the valley.  When they're not playing an independent documentary or a foreign horror film, they show classics.  I got to see the movie Network at Valley Art.  I told my friend he had to see it, and if you see it on the big screen, it makes the monologues almost twice as good.  I also got to see the Apartment here.  Sometimes when I check showtimes, something really cool is playing, like Annie Hall or Fargo or whatever they feel like.I am a fan of this theater, absolutely.  However, I didn't give it a full five-star rating for a couple of reasons.  First of all, they charge just as much as any other theater, even when they show older movies.  If they charged only like five bucks for older flicks, I'd be here every single night.  I also wish they played older movies more often.  Maybe at least one older movie a week.  Not like, old-old, like "classic," but I would like this to be a theater where every wednesday or something, I could see a glorious, big-screen version of Eraserhead or Ghostbusters or something.  I like to go out to the movies on Friday night, but there's no goddamn way I'm venturing out to Mill Ave on Friday.  I hate having to weave in between mobs of douchebags that stink of Axe body spray.  I would absolutely recommend this theater.  It plays movies that will appeal to your "indie junkie" crowd moreso than Camelview 5, which plays more mainstream, readily accessible indie fare (I still love Camelview 5, though).
5	I just watched The Godfather here. I've seen it maybe twenty times in my life, but this is the first time in a theater. Dan Harkins, I could kiss you.
4	I've always sorta had mixed feelings about this theater. On the one hand, there aren't a whole lot of options to see independent film in AZ besides this place and Camelview, so I've got thank Dan Harkins for those outlets. On the other hand, there are times when this theater plays the SAME movie for weeks. An examples of this was with What The Bleep Do We Know?. I hate it when this place does that, but it's nice to see films here that wouldn't normally get play at Camelview (ie. Che: Parts 1 & 2, Let The Right One In, etc.).In all, this place is a bit like my own Cinema Paradiso because I have so many fond memories in this theater. There was a Pulp Fiction screening when I was in high school and I got to go to an advanced screening of Slumdog Millionaire and actually got to meet Danny Boyle when he showed up for a Q&A afterward. I just wish they had midnight screenings of classic/grindhouse/cult films like The New Beverly in LA.
4	Very nice 1 screen theatre showing independent movies. The place is clean, friendly and rarely crowded; it's a great place to catch an afternoon showing. I am very glad they still offer student pricing, $7 for a movie is very reasonable. Hope this theatre never leaves Mill.
5	If more people would only go here they could afford to be so much more!  Probably the last thing worth going to left on Mill Ave. Well the book store is still cool.  This Theater has been around for decades and shows a lot of great indie films and old school movies.  Sure they show a few flops too but hey, thats indie cinema for ya.  Its small but most of the times the movies they are showing wont be airing anywhere else.  They do great horror nights, just did a John Hughes festival, and it's just a shame all those college kids with mommy and daddy's money dont know a thing about preserving historical assets.  Theyll get up in arms over some shitty frat houses, but anything of value . . . They just want more urban outfitters.  Ick.
2	Valley Art has really gone downhill since I wrote my last review.It used to be, they'd show movies of all kinds.  Not just the exclusive, you-must-love-art-house-shit-in-order-to-enjoy-this-movie type stuff they've been showing most frequently.  I remember looking at showtimes and seeing classics and well-regarded popcorn flicks:  The Apartment, Network, Fargo, Aliens... those movies kick ass.  It seems that whenever I look to see what's playing it's either a drama about a woman who knits a pair of socks for an hour and a half or a critically-acclaimed movie that's about to be on DVD in like five days.Seriously.  They were showing the Hurt Locker riiight before its DVD release for, you know, standard prices to see it which to me is rather exorbitant given the economic times we're living in.  I do spend money to see movies because I enjoy the theater-going experience, but if that fucker's gonna be on DVD, like, next Tuesday, I'm going to save a couple bucks and see it at home.  Generally, when you see a movie that close to its video release in the theater it costs around $3.00...When they premiered movie marathons for Patrick Swayze's and John Hughes' death, that was super cool, but it sucks that it takes the death of someone beloved to play some quality entertainment.  It's been ages since something I've been excited about has played there.  Last thing was probably Che which was quite awhile ago.  Just about a year, I think.MADCAP theater has picked up where Valley Art left off.  I mean, shit, why can't I have TWO theaters on Mill Ave. that kick ass?  Wouldn't that be sweet?  If Valley Art went back to what they used to do, playing good ol' classic films and the occasional hard-to-find Golden Palm winner at Cannes flick I'd be so happy.  I'd poop in my pants with glee.
4	This place was never attractive to me, until it was the only place showing a good documentary I wanted to watch. Nice surprise! I only expect to see other good alternative movies here more often.
4	I have lived in Tempe for almost 15 years and have somehow never been here.  Sure, I knew it was there and have walked passed it dozens and dozens of times.  I was always curious about what the theater was and what type of movies it played.  Is the place even open anymore?  Does it only play artsy fartsy type movies? Is the theater totally outdated?  Can you buy tickets at that cool little booth thing out front that you only really see in movies?  These are some of the questions I asked myself every time I passed, but never thought much about it after it was out of sight.  That is until I was poking around some events on Yelp and found a movie that I wanted to see, Blood into Wine, was going to be showing.  I quickly bought 2 tickets online early in the week to be picked up at will call before the movie.  A pretty painless process.My wife and I went to the 8:15 showing last night (Saturday) and I was super excited to see the movie as well as visit a cool little theater.  Upon our arrival I was a little upset that they didn't take and/or sell tickets at that booth out front.  Oh well.  So we went inside and were met by real friendly staff at the concession stand like you would find at just about any other Harkins only 1/100th the size.  We were early so we just picked up our tickets and went for a little walk around Mill.When we returned to the theater I couldn't figure out who to give our tickets to so we just walked right in to their single theater without showing proof that we actually paid for a ticket.  I guess you don't really need tickets when you go there.....They only sold about 60 out of a possible 200 tickets but I'm not sure if that is normal or not.  It was good for me though because I don't like to sit right next to a random person.  We picked 2 seats near the back with almost nobody around.  Prefect!Anyway, the movie was excellent and so was the theater.  You wouldn't think it by looking at the outside of the theater, but the inside has been updated as has been the screen/projector and sound stuff.  It was a typical Harkins movie going experience.  The only difference being the type of movies that are played there.I will definitely go again if I hear about a decent movie they are showing.  The only downfall of this place and it really isn't their fault, is the parking situation on or by Mill.  It can be tough to find nearby/free parking near the theater.
4	I worked the Yelp booth at the Great AZ Beer Festival on this fine Saturday afternoon but when 6pm hit, I was exhausted.  Instead of going home, my husband met me for a walk along Mill, and as timing would have it, there was a 6:10 showing of "Blood Into Wine."  I hadn't been to this theater in years... it was nicer than i remembered.I wish it were bigger as they only show one movie at a time, but they do get unique artsy movies that you won't find at the average run of the mill (no pun intended) theaters.  We enjoyed "Blood Into Wine." It's a documentary on Maynard Keenan (the lead singer of Tool) and his Jerome AZ based wine making business.  I think it's playing for another week, so if you're interested, go see it soon.  Something else to note: like most Harkins Theaters, they do not have traditional sweet tarts, they only offer the chewy kind.  I happen to like the chewy ones but my husband begs to differ... Regardless, if you're up for an artsy flick, check this theater out!  Movies here cost the same ridiculous nine dollars and fifty cents as most other theaters in town.  Crazy, right?!
4	I was actually really impressed with this Harkins. As one of the few theatres in the valley playing 9500 Liberty, I expected it to be tiny and unkept, like many old school indie theatres I've frequented.But my expectations were blown away in just a moment.  The bathrooms were nice, clean and serviced, the theatre was fairly big and super comfy. I liked it. I will most definitely be back.The only thing I have to say I didn't like (other than the high prices, but that's movies anywhere - god, it makes me feel old) was that I heard they refused to show the version of 9500 Liberty with Spanish subtitles. Given the content and purpose of this film, as well as the people who live in this state, I think that is more than slightly ridiculous, and I plan to inquire about this next time I'm in.
4	It's 4th of July weekend and I have suddenly found myself "kid free".  My daughter went on vacation with my sister to SoCal and now I have free time!!  What did I do?  I went directly to see an independent film!  The Hakins Valley Art is one of those last remaining stand alone theaters.  It's located on Mill Ave in Tempe.  I would say the only drawback to this theater is it's location.  Parking can be an issues since all the parking close by is metered.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and parked in a garage on 5th St.  The garage was free since it was a weekend.  It was a little walk in the 110 degree heat but it wasn't bad.  The lobby of the theater is small.  They have a nice concession stand and the bathrooms were super clean with several stalls.  The manager assisted me with my drink and popcorn purchase and gave me some backround on the theater.  It was built in 1940 and, according to the manager, was Mr. Harkins first theater.  They had recently renovated it.  The theater itself has one big screen and looks like the inside of any other Harkins theater, comfy stadium seating and lots of leg room.  I will come back again if I should find myself "kid free".  My experience here was very enjoyable and the staff were pleasant and friendly.
4	After reading "War" by Sebastian Junger I was excited for the documentary film "Restrepo" to come this summer. Turns out the only theatre in Arizona it was playing at was "Valley Art". I had never heard of this theatre but was happy to try out a new place.Yes, parking around Mill can be a nightmare but the theatre DOES offer 4 hr FREE validated parking if you park in the huge lot by those condos they started building and basically abandoned. It's on the street just west of mill. Be sure to park here and get your ticket validated... though the lot says 1st hour free, the movie theatre has a special 4 hr validation.The theatre only contains 1 actual screen, but it's nice. The seats are very comfy and I love that all of the arm rests come up. The bathrooms are clean and the service for food/tickets is friendly and fast. I'd definitely come here again if they were showing a film I liked.
5	Ask any of my friends, and they'll all tell you that I really hate movie theaters.  Maybe it's having to hear people rustling their bags of candy or see them shoving popcorn into their faces as if their lives depended on it.  Maybe it's that I don't have the luxury of rewinding if I couldn't catch what someone said in the movie.  Or maybe I just don't want to pay $10 to see some Hollywood movie that will most likely be bad than good when I could pay $9 for a month of Netflix and just wait for that craptastic movie to come out on dvd.  My disdain for most movie theaters is almost that of hate, but I LOVE movie theaters like Valley Art.  Valley Art has only one screen (the last of its kind in the valley), and they show movies that are lesser known than the Hollywood box office hits.  Mostly, they show independent, foreign, historic, or artistic movies, which brings in a different kind of audience than other theaters.  There is a historic feel to this theater with its one concession stand, one ticket booth, and one screen.  Even the outside decor is reminiscent of times past, and I have no qualms about supporting this kind of theater.
4	Love Harkins Valley Art. I would go here over the fancier theaters any day of the week. It's about the service and the intimacy, the employees treat you better here, they seem to want you to have a good experience. I've even had a general manager suggest the best place to sit for a certain movie, or ask what I thought of a movie and gave me suggestions of upcoming films. Pretty sweet.
4	Great place. Love the small, art festival type theaters over the mainstream ones. This one hit on a gold mine in being the only one in Phoenix to show "Atlas Shrugged." Will be back for the future parts.
3	I want to love you... But you lie to me.. One minute you're playing Mesrine and the next you're playing Atlas Shrugged. Why? You played Atlas Shrugged for about a month so I didn't get to see you. I miss the days when you played Midnight Cowboy and Network. Do you remember when you played Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale? Those were good times. I love your single screen theater and the intimate seating, but you run hot and cold and I don't know how much more I can take. You're forcing me to cheat on you with Camelview. I can't help it! Camelview plays such great films why can't you?? I won't desert you completely though because deep down I know there's something inside you that wants to play good movies. Until that day I will wait, hoping and wishing....
3	Oh Valley Art ... I really wish I could love you. I love your marquee and the idea that a major chain could run one of their locations like a real indie theater, I love that this and Camelview both have murals dedicated to classic cinema in your lobbies. I even love that the Valley Art has a ticket booth in front even though Im sure if it ever was manned it was decades ago. Aesthetically it looks A LOT like the old Regent Showcase Theater in West Hollywood not far from the New Beverly. Their main screening auditorium is also nice, they have a good system and I saw the Blade Runner: The Final Cut the remastered version when they first were screening it. Ive actually seen a few good movies here, Let The Right One In, Exit Through The Gift Shop, Mystery Team. That being said, its also very far and few between them getting good movies. This place tends to serve as overflow for their other "indie" location the Camelview 5 - so when Black Swan was just opening, they ended up playing that here as well. After Exit Through The Gift Shop played at Camelview, they just ported it here. They get some awesome movies like Hesher and then sweep them out after 4 days to play noxious garbage like Atlas Shrugged for over a month. The only times they do repertory programming is when someone really famous dies, like their John Hughes film festival which is the last time they did any kind of retrospective. They dont screen repertory movies, or do midnight shows - mainly documentaries, small-ish movies and occasionally a few gems. I just wish this place had an identity or a programming voice. That being said, every show here feels intimate the most people ive ever seen for a show here is maybe 20, if that, ever. Period and Ive lived here since 2005 and its right down the street from my house. Parking is a nightmare here sometimes. Its worth it to see the nice marquee which looks even better lit up at night.
5	If you have a chance I would read David B.s review of the theater, it is one of the better ones and as he noted, it seems the bar has been raised on going out to the movies because home theaters have gotten so good. However, Valley Art is worth a trip to the cinema. From what I understand it was the first theater opened by Dan Harkins father, who founded the Harkins cinema chain. In fact, who is the current head of this family owned organization, likes to say that he was conceived in the projection booth of the Valley Art and it holds a special place in his heart. Regardless of the reason, I get the feeling that this theater is more of a gift to the ASU community than a money making venture. The Harkins chain did a full upgrade on this place a few years ago and now the theater has the almost obligatory stadium seating we have all gotten used to when going to the movies and while the screen may be small the sound system is excellent...though at times you can  get some bleed in from the streets if there is loud music playing, but that is not often.The big thing about his theater is that along with Camelview 5 it is where you can regularly see independent rather than mainstream cinema and at this location they usually switch out the movie every week though at times a movie that is especially popular may be held over for several weeks but that is usually not the norm. You can also easily get to this location off the rail line which has a stop a block or two up Mill and of course  the theater is surrounded by a variety of eating establishments (Caffe Boa down the street, The Big Fat Greek right next door, etc). Bottom line, it is a nice college town movie theater and I give great credit to Dan Harkins for making a point to provide this sort of entertainment venue for the ASU and local Tempe community. I've had some great movie experiences here (watching the movie Teeth with a bunch of high-school students when the subject of vagina dentata came up is something I won't soon forget) but so was watching the movie In Bruges.Bottom line, a great place to go see movies that you are not likely to show at any of the more mainstream venues for cinema here in Phoenix.
5	The love of my life, right here. I said earlier that the Cornish Pasty is the best kept secret in Tempe, but I take that back. It is the Valley Art. I just...I don't even know where to begin. Every movie I have seen here has been a complete win in my book. This past year they played all of the nominated animated shorts for the Academy Awards, and then the live action shorts the following week. How sweet is that?! It is never crowded here. Always relaxed, and it usually brings an older crowd, which I quite enjoy. I hate young wipper snappers ruining perfectly good movie dates. I loved The Drummond Will (go rent it, now) and Rare Exports (scary Santa!), and it's such a shame that these kind of movies aren't shared with every inhabitant on this Earth. I feel like when I am here, I am part of an elite club. I just really love Harkins Theatres in general, but this one (which is also the very first one) is my favorite, and only a short walk from my house! Yay!
4	I expected a dump based on what it looks like out front but the manager was very nice and they only played 2 mins of previews which was awesome. Inside, the theater was kept up and clean and they also validate parking which most places don't do around there. I had a good time yesterday watching "God Bless America". I like the feel of a small theater instead of the usual multiplex. Also, there a many bars around it so you can grab a few cold ones before the flick.
4	Great old theater. Parking is a nightmare!
4	Gotta love historic theaters playing off beat, artistic, foreign, documentary, etc films. Don't expect Transformers 18 to be on the marquee here. Check Harkins website for shows, show times and upcoming films. Films usually have a short run (1-2 weeks tops) so if you see one you like make sure you jump on it while it's still playing. Parking for theater or anywhere on Mill: the Lot behind the condos off Ash in between 5th and 3rd, near Macayo's, the lot behind Z-Tejas off Maple, pay parking in the garage of Brickyard, east passed Urban Outfitters, more pay parking (not on weekends past a certain time - check City of Tempe for hours - off 5th and Forest Avenue - also close to lightrail station). Street parking with meters in front of House of Tricks and a mega lot that's new off University and College. Overall: Great alternative to your typical dinner and a movie - try a movie here, and dinner at one of the great Mill Ave dining locales (La Bocca, House of Tricks, Cafe Boa, Canteen, Rula Bula, Z-Tejas etc)
4	This may appear to be a rundown classic theater on the outside, but it is surprisingly a nice modern theater on the inside. It has a single full-size screen and seating chamber. Just in the door are the typical concessions found at any Harkins theater. Overall, the place is pretty clean.
5	Best theater in Phoenix for Indie films!
3	Valley Art has been playing much better movies recently.  Like, WORLDS better.  David Gordon Green's new movie, "Prince Avalanche" and the much-anticipated trainwreck of a movie "The Canyons."  This week, "Europa Report" a sci-fi movie that at least looks really interesting along with a Burning Man documentary.In the past year I've seen a few exciting things.  The two aformentioned Prince Avalanche and The Canyons along with "On the Road" (didn't like it but at least they showed it) and "The Comedy" (hated it but at least they showed it).Their new crop of movies is so, so much better than what they'd been playing in the past.  I swear, every time I looked at showtimes, it would be a documentary about a woman who may or may not have told someone a lie and the web or deceit that may or may not exist... filmed from inside a metaphorical blender.  Even a masturbatory piece of shit like "Bellflower" had some amount of anticipation behind it.Still wish they'd play more classics.  I was lucky enough to see "Back to the Future" at Valley Art in anticipation of "Flight."
5	Came here to see "Radio Free Albemuth" one Sunday afternoon. The great thing about Sundays is that Tempe parking meters all have the day off. Woo hoo! Didn't find one on Mill but turned the corner on 5th and found one immediately. Even though this is the red-headed stepchild of the Harkins family they still accept all the Harkins gift cards and free popcorn tickets so I loaded up for a good time. I don't think I've ever seen this theater packed in all the times I've been here and this time was no exception. I'm a theater half-empty kinda guy. The less people, the less chance some nitwit is going to talk on a cellphone, sit right in front of me together with his Bride of Frankenstein hairstyle girlfriend or shoot up the movie theater like there was no tomorrow. I'm more likely to come here when this is the only place showing the movie I wanna see so hopefully they'll continue bringing in that type of movie.
4	Great place to catch an Indie. Perfect location too, after you can catch a bite to eat on this busy street.
4	the Valley Art was built in 1940 and Arizona's oldest operating movie theater.I really like the historical design of this theater, I thought this type of theater existed only in a movie.Inside the theater is very clean, and the bathroom was clean too. They have the usual Harkins drink and snacks.I went to see the Interview and the theater was packed. Attendant came on the stage before a movie started and greeted us. I haven't seen that forever.  Due to the nature of the movie?, a police officer was standing at the lobby. I saw more staff here today than any other Harkins theater.Great and friendly staff, clean bathroom, interesting movie selection, I would definitely come back here again.
