4	One of our faves from our days living in Mesa. Housed right down the street from the Southwest Museum, so you can visit both in one culture-filled day!This is truly a hands-on museum where kids -- and adults -- are encouraged to experience art. They offer always-changing exhibits, so you can visit the museum frequently without getting bored, and a nicely renovated gallerey shop. The Museum for Youth also offers art workshops and classes, from kids six months and up. For the littlest kids there is ArtVille, an imaginative play space where kids can explore a miniature "town," complete with elements of a house (such as Living Room and Kitchen), a Garden, a Studio and a Theater space.
5	This isn't  a review of the museum itself, but of the special exhibit they were hosting - Jim Henson's Fantastic World.  I couldn't find somewhere to post a review of jus the exhibit.The exhibit is traveling around the country for the next few years - and if you are a Henson Fan you should definitely try to see it.  Here is a list of where it will be http://www.sites.si.edu/exhibitions/exhibits/henson/main.htmThe exhibit includes original posters, drawings and notebooks, video clips, as well as Muppets.  Kids will enjoy seeing the Muppets, adults will enjoy the whole exhibit.  At the end was a place for kids to put on a puppet show, make a storyboard and make a face for a Muppet.It was very interesting to get an insight into the genius Henson was, and how if he didn't use an idea in one place, he would try to get it incorporated into something else.Its at this museum until March 9th.
5	This museum is fantastic. We recently visited it on vacation. I have a 8 year old and an almost 5-year old. They have a pretend area for younger kids.  It is a bit young for my kids, but of course they still loved it. The exhibits in the museum were well thought out with opportunities for children to experiment in all different mediums. For example, one of the two exhibits was called Table Manners. We could read books about table manners, experiment with chopsticks and play food, make table scapes and then draw them, and much more. And then of course, there was the art. They had a nice selection, again in different mediums. Museum was clean, staff was friendly and overall, we will visit again if in town.
5	I was told about this place a long time ago and finally went with my son this week.  It was awesome!  We spent our time in Artville where it's totally kidproof and touchable.  It costs an admission fee for kids over 1 so it made sense for us to buy a membership if we planned on coming a few more times.  We'll definitely go back!Update 2011:We still have a membership here, it's not too busy on the weekdays, which I have off in the summertime.  On saturdays it can get kinda crazy - go early if you can.  Bring a sweater if you tend to get cold because the A/C is CRANKED.  Watch out for the people who don't pay attention and let their kids go bonkers in Artville.  That area is meant for ages 0-4 and occasionally you'll get some bigger kids in there and/or one of those jerkface kids that is a little brat while their parent is in a corner, texting obliviously.  you know what i'm talkin' about.  If you're a member, they have early admission days, usually on a thursday...which would be nice if i wasn't working :(.  I wish they would do that on a saturday.
3	First off, this is really not a fair review of this place.  I don't have kids nor do I like kids but, regardless of that, they had a Spring Training exhibit that was geared more towards adults and I had to go, so that's why I'm writing this review.It always bugs me when an address is not correct.  The address for this place is on Robson but the only thing on that side of the street is a big wall.  There is no entrance there.  The entrance to this place is on Pepper and it really should be addressed accordingly.  Besides that, this building is not really much to look at.  Compared to the Phx Children's Museum which is AMAZING, this wasn't much.The baseball exhibit was decent but lacking.  It wasn't laid out in any particular order and it was really missing some important pieces of history.  There was almost no mention of spring training in Casa Grande, Tucson, or Yuma.  There were very few photographs which is another shame.  There is a ton of text to read (which is why I think this is geared towards adults) and some random memorabilia that doesn't have anything to do with the Cactus League.It was worth the price of admission but I'm not going to be telling anyone else to go see it any time soon.  Unless you are a huge baseball fan, it is pretty lame.  We have more memorabilia in our house than they had there.
3	I usually love museums for kids because I love playing with all the interactive stuff they usually have.  This one, eh, not so much.  We only went because they were playing host to a Cactus League exhibit and being the big baseball fans that we are, we obviously had to go.  Admission was fair, $6.50 I believe, so I suppose it's a pretty good value.  The exhibit itself wasn't particularly enlightening and was set up very poorly.  Just a hint, chronological order does wonders!  In any event, the staff was friendly but the rest of the museum just looked boring.  I didn't see anything else that sparked my interest, so we just left after that.
3	This place is pretty cool - it has one area geared towards toddlers with soft building blocks, a playhouse and a little art studio. The other side of the building is for 5+ YO kids. There's a black light room where you can draw on the walls with chalk - we loved that! There's a nice art exhibit from local kids and adults. I liked all the interactive activities - making fish outlines, music makers, etc. It just felt like the toddler side and the rest of the museum didn't belong under the same roof. Also, the exhibits are pretty small - I assumed this would be a half day activity and it took us about an hour to get thru with our 5 year old. I'm glad we went there, but not sure we will be back.
3	The hubby and I went here last weekend to see the Peanuts exhibit.  He is a big Charles Schulz fan. I had pretty low expectations because 1. It's Mesa and 2. It's a kids museum.  Not exactly how a dink wants to spend their weekend.  But we actually really enjoyed the exhibit. There were a ton of kids there who seemed to have a lot of fun getting dressed up and playing with the props. The exhibit definitely had more to offer kids than adults.  I would have enjoyed seeing more original drafts or signed pictures/copies.  But the descriptions of character development and historical anecdotes of Schulz' life were really interesting.Overall, it looked like this place doesn't have much to offer anyone over the age of five.  But because of special exhibits like this one (the Jim Henson one Lisa N. mentioned sounds like it was cool, too), I may return in the future.  Especially on a free admission day.
5	This place was fantastic.  He held our organization's Holiday Party and Silent Auction here.  What a great place for kids.  My twins had a blast and the space lend itself so perfectly for our party.  The staff was very helpful and accommodating.  We moved furniture around since we had to use several tables from other rooms for our Silent Auction items.  The event was fantastic, unfortunately, I was so busy running around making sure everything went well with the silent auction that I didn't get to enjoy the space with my twins.  Good thing I had a sitter help my hubby.  I guess I'll have to come back soon.
1	This place is good for about an hour of entertainment, on a good day.  The hi light was paper airplane making, something we can easily do at home.  My suggestion, spend the $4 more and head to the Children's Museum downtown.  It is better by leaps and bounds.
5	My son absolutely ADORES this place! There is plenty to do, they have made some good changes to their layout and also their exhibits and play areas if you haven't been here in a while. A lot of hands on activities for the children, and the adults can participate too. Definitely a nice place to let your children explore their creative side in the East Valley.
4	Love this museum, there is a play kitchen, a craft area and big squishy blocks for the kids to play with in Kidtopia. The museum side has exhibits and a black light room, painting and lots of hands on stuff for kids. My kids are 4 and 3 and they love it there. The only drawback is they don't have a snack bar, but they have a lunch room so we just pack a lunch and eat there before our naps.
4	A great museum that my 1 year old can grow into.  There is a soft play area for the 4 and under crowd, but I've been disappointed when bigger kids have been in there taking toys and playing a little rougher than they should be around the little ones.It's free for babies under 1, which is great because I don't think they could really get much out of it.  $7 is a reasonable enough price for the kids, but I wish they had a discounted rate for adults as we obviously don't get as much out of it as the kiddos do.  The good thing is that you can periodically find deals on sites like Google offers, so keep an eye out for those.  The basic membership is $60/year and pays the admission for 2 (must be immediate family members.)  That would pay for itself in just over 4 visits, so it's definitely something to consider.  There are also several other membership levels that grant admission to larger families and they seem to pay for themselves in even less visits.
4	CON: (1) Small but your little one can probably spend a couple of hours here (2) No place to have lunch but there is a vending machine area.PRO: Our 17 mo old LOVED it.  Great place to roam and set her free.  We still followed her around though.  The play area to the right is specifically meant for 4 (or 5?) and younger but there were definitely older kids there.  I guess it wasn't too big of a deal b'c the place wasn't packed but I can imagine what a zoo it would be when it is busy.  THese places always make me feel icky 'cuz all I think of is how germ-y everything is but they do have hand sanitizers.  Not enough but they were around.Wish we had something like this in the far west valley ... definitely something to take the little one to so she can exert some energy!
5	I came here for a birthday party.  It was so much fun.  We were greeted by the front desk.  They informed us that our host were not there yet, but we were welcome to roam around the place.  They had arts and crafts everywhere.  Interesting facts and information on the walls.  When our host arrived we follow our guide to a back area (filled with trees and tables/chairs for outdoor activities) and then to a building in the back for our party.  We had the whole back building to ourselves.  It was nice!  Tables, chairs, and art canvases/art supplies all set up.  Signs wishing our birthday girl (with her name on it).  The room has it's own bathrooms so you do not need to run back to the main building.  We had 1-1/2 hours in the back room.  Then we were free to enjoy the museum.  There are two separate areas arts/craft & play/learn room.  I had fun along with the kids.
4	This is a cute little kids museum.  We were able to spend the better part of an afternoon there and the kids didn't get bored.There were lots of cute little free activities there, like building a birdhouse, or painting a little planter.  The kids really enjoyed those, as well as the little outdoor garden.The staff was really friendly.  The place was generally quiet, easy-going and kind of empty.Also, strangely, there is a huge display of frog sculptures.  I'm really not sure I get that...
3	Go on the free day they hold once a month!  It's not really worth paying for.  Approximately 1500 sqft room for that has some interesting activities for the under 5's. However, other than that room, the museum is a pale pallor compared to every other children's museum I've been to...esp the Phoenix Children's Museum.  Good for a few sporadic visits, but not repeated visits.
4	Wow this place is great for kids of all ages. For the little one's there's giant foam block and play kitchen for the old ones they have a gigantic light bright, glow in the dark room and so many art projects. Cost is $7 per person even for the parents. Bring a picnic they have a wonderful area to eat.
