5	I have been following the Diamondbacks since day one. I love going to the games and since the Allstar Game, the updated stadium is great. The food at the park lacks local flavor, but how exactly to you define local Phoenix cultural junk food? Just eat, drink, and enjoy the game. I still love it when the roof opens. I wish they would still play the roof opening music but there is something so peaceful about the slow quiet sliding of this huge machine. GO DBACKS! No stopping now!
4	This stadium is huge with a retractable roof!  LOVE it!  Wish they had more of these in the midwest when it gets alittle chilly or starts to rain.  Watched a couple of games here and really enjoyed my time spent here!
5	We were lucky enough to be taken on a tour of the spring training site..WOW..what an amazing place!  Everyone was super nice and very welcoming.  We were able to take a lot of photos and were given a couple signed balls by Luis Gonzalez!  What a great guy he is and can NOT say how lucky we were to have been given this tour by none other than LUIS himself.  What a great guy!
2	So i was wondering how come more games were not televised and now i know why. When i came here quite a few years ago this stadium had the unique display of a pool and jacuzzi setup with hot babes. Well now with the imitation shamus i think i know. There were so many beached whales in the pool i thought there is now no need for greenpeace
5	Let's go DBacks!  It is great to have a local team we can believe in!  (The Cards do not cut it.)Games here are generally pretty good, although the security staff could be a bit more friendly when going through the gates.  I think they are all amped up and ready to step on someones neck or something.  Oh well, at least the games are fun!
4	I actually visited the stadium for work. It's beautiful.  The dome really keeps it cool inside and makes watching a game a great experience.
2	I like chase field, but the Diamondbacks have way too many amateur hour activities.  There are so many contests geared toward children, it's like being at a Single A baseball game.  You're a professional sports franchise, act like it.  As a kid I loved going to baseball games because I love baseball.  If I needed a lame activities to keep my happy my parents wouldn't have taken me to games, they'd have taken me to a circus.  It's time Phoenix starts acting like it's the 7th biggest metro area in the country, instead of a second rate city.
4	They're a fun team to watch....but not for 16 innings!  We were at that marathon of a game.  We stayed until the 13th inning, then cried Uncle.  It wouldn't be too bad if we were able to keep our buzz going, but they stopped serving Beer in the 7th inning and we lost our buzz by the 10th.Good thing the Dbacks won....we listed to the end of the game on 620 on the drive home.  Let's hope the rest of the season goes good.Return Factor - 80%
4	Great newer ball park. Love the food options. Hit the Audi Club if you get 200 level tickets. If you get there early, you can get a seat in the bar and watch the game.
5	Listen up people! This is THE most fan friendly team in all of professional sports. Period. I'd stop my review there but you probably want to know why, or not but I'm gonna tell you anyway!Everything about this organization from top to bottom is designed for two reasons. To win, and to make the fans happy. What more could you really ask for in a sports team? The tickets are some of the most affordable in all of baseball and the players are really friendly too. This is a great group of guys that really appreciates the fans and understands how important it is to support them back. Best part of all is if you ever have and concerns or questions well Derrick Hall, the President & CEO  of the Arizona Diamondbacks is on Twitter. Just shoot him a message and he usually responds rather quickly. What other team is that intimate with their fans?!Above all else, it's just fun to go out and have a night a the ballpark. But that's a separate review for Chase Field the venue itself. Just go out there and support your home team. They work very hard on and off the field for the fans and this community, why not go support them, your Arizona Diamondbacks and have a hot dog while your at it!
4	First time at the sandlot and my daughter is completely in love! Make sure you sign up for the kids club too!
3	Love that its cheaper than many other stadiums. Great deal for your money when it comes to sports these days.
4	great stadium
5	Awesome team go watch them play its always a good time in Phoenix!
5	We had a great time at the Diamondbacks game! Not only are the tickets far more reasonably priced than other stadiums in have been to, the value continues on to the concessions. $1.50 for a hot dog? $4 for a beer? Not to mention great prices on t-shirts and hats ($9.99). We sat in the club terrace where we had an awesome view, comfy padded seats and in seat ordering. I can't wait for our next visit!
4	Great ballpark and good game but too bad they lost today.
4	Just wish they'd win more.  The field, fan entertainment, and community activity are top-notch.Go D-Backs!
5	Class-act organization all the way, from the top to the bottom! Very nice ballparks, both Chase Field and Salt River Fields. The people here are very friendly, sans one bitchy security lady who many of us have deemed "The Ticket Nazi".Love the Team Shop and all the amazing Dbacks gear they sell in here. My only beef is they don't sell player shirts for the more obscure players like Cliff Pennington and even A.J. Pollock, who has really picked up in popularity. I had to SPECIAL ORDER my player shirts from MLB.com because of this. I was NOT happy about it! But hey, I am not going to let something like that ruin my overall experience or love for the DBacks!The CLASSIEST person of all with this team is none other than Derrick Hall. He goes out of his way to accommodate even the simplest of requests and such for the fans and treats every fan he meets like first class royalty. Not a better man can be found with this organization!
4	Love going to the games--whether they win or lose. Great people watching, good food selections though I wish they had more healthier choices. The bathrooms could always use work but all in all, a nice facility. The workers are nice and the fans for the most part are manageable. The team has moments of greatness and hopefully, one day, they will regain their 2001 glory. :) But I do so love baseball and always look forward to a visit to see my Diamondbacks.
2	Fun experience, but when you come with an organization that walks the field prior to the game they make you stand behind the stadium in a smelly ramp by the trash dumpsters in the sun, in Arizona for about 15 minutes. I've done this twice, once when it was 110 and once when it was 95. What are they thinking?
5	Love the Dbacks stadium. As every review says - this is the friendliest team. The experience from food, patrons, staff - all unbelievably amazing. If I had the opportunity to come all the time, I would!
5	Class act.  Best and most affordable fan experience in all of baseball in all the world.
5	Every now & again it's good to get out of the house & take in a game. esp if it's free item day :) A word to the wise, on free item give away days, plan ahead & get there early so you don't miss out since they usually have a limited # & is 1st come, 1st serve.
4	The facility is really nice and the stadium is fairly reasonable to navigate through. They have value $4 beers for 12oz, it's cash only but a decent value. You can typically buy bleacher seats in the lower level for about $15 unless it's a Saturday game.
