4	They make a great pie and chips here and if you phone first they can have your order ready for you. I've a a few great lunches here all washed down with a large pot of tea.
4	This is a great little shop that offer a great varied menu at good prices. Located on Poterbello High Street, Deli 194 is a great place to come for a pre or post trip to the beach. They sell a good range of drinks such as teas and coffees and the usual soft drinks, but they also do a few milkshakes as well. When it comes to their food, they have a great range of tasty meals that can be eaten in our taken away. They do a great all day breakfast which I had and offers great value for money and it isn't as greasy as some that I have had and was cooked really well. They also do jacket potatos, macaroni cheese and panninis amongst others.Furthermore, they also do desserts where you can have ice creams, gateaus and other sweet items. For a small restaurant it really does have a great, extensive menu.
4	Very pleasant little place. Excellent coffee and hot filled rolls with nice fresh bread, not a bad breakfast at all!Excellent value for money, nice friendly atmosphere with table service as well as take away deli. Does a nice mix of a traditional "greasy spoon" menu with more exotic tastes also catered for. I will be returning for the Italian sandwich and perhaps minute steak sandwich too! This place has certainly earned the classification of Deli rather than greasy spoon.
1	Awful... Sorry but it was! On taking a seat in the little cafe I could here one member of staff say loudly to the other 'are we still seating people?' (This being approx 3.15 in the afternoon and the cafe still being open was kind of a giveaway in my eyes) before we even managed to sit we were being prompted for our order, when asked if we could have a minute it became apparent we had maybe spoiled an early closing. After the 3rd looming question approximately 1minute apart we opted for a latte, a tea and chic chip shortbread. When our beverages arrived it was the same heart sinking disappointment that this cafe was now showing a pattern off. Hot milk with froth in the disguise of a 'latte', a dip of a tea bag in hot water that with a good dose of iron tablets could probably get it looking less anaemic was placed in front of us. On perusal of this cafe i decided against eating the shortbread as i pointed out to my friend the dirt and dust bunnies under the moveable shelving area which has obviously not been moved since opening. The whole place could do with being shut down, gutted and reopened with a fresh lick of paint and an up to date health and safety law poster. That would be good.
