5	So my husband and I had our out drive done at Marine Center of Las Vegas a year and a half ago. Long story short and 2700 bucks later.. There are several opinions, including my husbands (a former mechanic) that the boot was not securely fastened and therefore leaked. We are long time boaters and our last out drive lasted 13 years and is now happily serving someone else. This almost took out the entire unit and it was saved and now runs better than ever by Gerry for a mere 900! Thank heavens. Marine Center was sadly typical. They always had a new excuse to charge us more.. And that would be fine if they did the job, but the service was poor quality! Save yourself grief and go to Gerry's Marine instead, he's awesome! Thanks Gerry! Good mechanics are hard to find!
5	I had a problem with my boat overheating and no one else could figure out the problem so I took it to Gerry. He figured out the problem that day and had my boat running smooth as butter when I picked it up the next morning. Gerry's Marine is the only shop I take my boat to anymore. Everything is always explained to me in detail and the service is always amazing. My boat has outlasted all my friends boats because I only let Gerry's marine work on it anymore. Save yourself the headaches and go to the right spot first. By the way my boat has over 1,100 hours on the same engine and trans and still runs like a champ.
5	I had been looking for a shop to service my boat and fix a stalling issue I was having.  From the moment I met Gerry, I felt good about having him work on it.  He definitely knows his stuff and is someone you can trust to get it done right and quickly.   My Bayliner has a Mercury engine, which is perfect since he is Mercury certified too.  I had it back in one day and was lake ready as fast as I had hoped.There's lots of shops up Boulder Hwy and beyond, but I've stopped by many of those and you don't get the same feeling.  When you take it to Gerry, you just know it's going to be done right and you won't be taken advantage of.  I'm happy I've found someone reliable that I can trust with my boat.
5	A year and a half later and she is still going strong. Its important to note we use the heck out of our boat! It's been on four lakes and the Stockton Delta since you fixed it. Thanks again Gerry! I think in this economy keeping good businesses in business and getting value for your dollar is more important than ever. Keep up the good work.
5	Trust this review. After 40 years of boat ownership I wouldn't take my boat to anyone but Gerry for service or repair. I heard of him from a friend about 10 years ago and he has been my shop of choice since. His knowledge and quality of work is unsurpassed and his prices are very reasonable. Thanks for being there for us Gerry. You and your guys are awesome.
5	Our boat broke down Friday night, I gave Gerry a call after finding him on Yelp and he was great.  He tried to walk me thru it over the phone and I was not able to get it right.  Brought my boat into him first thing Saturday morning and about 45 minutes later he had us back on the water.  Great customer service and he really came through fast for me and my family to give us another day on the water that would have been lost without him.
5	This guy Gerry is as good as it gets, he wont rip you off, and his work stands the test of time, at least with the two vessels he has repaired for us. He's pretty quick and very knowledgable , very fair with his pricing as well. So as long as we have boats we'll be using Gerry when we need major repairs.
