5	Thanks to Top Notch for providing transportation during our entire stay in Scottsdale.  Each time we utlized the service they were timely, dependable, and professional.  Clean cars (sweet SUVs and towncars)and comprable pricing make this my choice for getting around AZ in style.  They live up to their name and truly provide "top notch" service.  Wooohooo to Top Notch.
1	Expensive compared to other top rated transportation services, arrogant  and egotistical driver (the owner) and all around poor experience. We are hosting a private party for 22 next weekend and we will definitely NOT be using this service or recommending them.
5	Hands down the best luxury transportation company in Scottsdale!! We have used Top Notch Transportation for 3 years now.  Their drivers are professional, their cars are clean, and they  ALWAYS arrive on time. I use this company because of their dedication to providing the best, most top notch service in town. And they have done just that. Thank you for getting us around the valley safely the past few years!!
1	Recently at the Barrett-Jackson auction we were outside waiting for a cab, a hairy bearded guy came up and said 'you guys need a taxi' we said yes.  As we walked over to the SUV we realized it was a limo/livery service, when we asked if it was a taxi the driver said 'yes'.  Anyway off to Old Town Scottsdale we went.  Nice driver told us his worst fare was a celebrity who complained about the price, then the driver told us his prices are only about $2 more than a taxi, but much more comfort.  Got there and he said the fare is $80 bucks, then he said something like he makes a better cut if we pay cash.  Well we weren't quite prepared for $80 so i used my credit card, at that point he said 'you're okay with a 20% tip, i said 'fine' i just wanted out as he had difficultly with the iPhone charge adapter and my friends were already in the restaurant.  So $96 with tip.  We all thought that was definitely high.  So next day at Barrett-Jackson we needed a taxi to Old Town to meet some friends.  As we walked out a very pretty girl said 'need a taxi?', i said 'are you with Top Notch?' she said 'No I'm with Posh'  then I asked her 'is that a taxi or limo service' she said 'taxi'.  We chose to walk to the taxi line up about a block away.  Well low and behold this taxi took us to Old Town the same restaurant for point of reference to meet our friends and the fare was $34 with a 20% tip total $41 bucks.  Wow what a rip-off Top Notch was.  As we blew off the pretty shill the security guard told us the limo drivers are predators to unknowing tourists and yes we were that - the first day.  Fool me once.
5	I called Top Notch at the last minute for a bachelor party. We needed a standard limo from 12:30pm - 2:30am. The reservation was so quick and easy I wasn't sure if someone would actually show up!The driver arrived around 12:20pm, called to tell me he had arrived, and waited outside the club until we all made it outside. The limo was your typical black stretch town car. The inside was lit up, looking fancy, adorned with various assorted beverages for us to consume. The driver knew the owner (or bouncer?) of the next club, so he came inside with us to comp our cover charges. Even though we were all drunk and not as happy upon departing that night, the driver was a consummate professional - apologizing for our bad time, but never letting it affect his treatment of us. He got us home safely and let me charge my credit card.The reason I give 5 stars is that I tried to make arrangements with two other limo services before Top Notch. The first one never called me back to confirm my pick-up time and location. The second was not only too expensive, but also rude and uncooperative. Top Notch took the order and delivered!
5	Bravo Zulu, on time, text friendly, emailed receipt, highly recommend!
1	Watch out for this guy. He took advantage of my daughters  bachelorette party, ran the card and tipped himself over $200. He also took picture of the girls and put them on his Facebook. Shady operator.
5	We called Top Notch a month or so to set up our rides to and from our Christmas Party out at Greasewood Flats.  My first time using any kind of transportation service so I did a lot of comparing.  We had 3 SUV's and 1 stretch limo show up to take us.  The ride was smooth and we couldn't have been more pleased with the professional manner in which everything was handled.  I recommend Top Notch above any other service out there.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I have used Top Notch Transportation a few times to provide transportation for clients when they are in town.  I have been nothing but impressed with their services.  They are always very easy to work with, professional and prompt.  I have even had pickups scheduled as early as 4 a.m., which they did without a complaint.  They are great and I would highly recommend them for any transportation needs!
5	I've been using Top Notch Transportation for myself, my family and my business for 5 years now and I cannot think of one bad experience I have ever had. The drivers are always right on time.. Right where they say they are going to be... And the prices are very competitive w other companies.. The benefit is riding in new luxury suv's and limos... And an impeccable service!! I have had many great dealings with the owner and he has always been an amazing person to work with and always professional. I completely trust this company taking my daughter who is 14yrs old to any of the events she needs transportation for... And she always gives me positive feedback about her experiences with Top Notch. I will continue using this service and they only get better. The service just improves, their vehicles, and their availability as well!
5	We have used Top Notch Transportation for our company party the last few years and they have been great every year. We have 20-30 people from all over the city and they are able to coordinate rides so that everyone arrives to the party on time. Definitely will keep using them for future events.
