5	I happened about this little gem during a recent Google search and boy, was I happy to find it!My lady and I had an awesome guide (Ken) who was not bias to our city slicker attire and my inability to make my house go any faster than a slow crawl. We took the two hour ride up a cliff & a mountain with excellent views of Saguaro Lake. We even learned a little bit about the local flora, mainly painfully sharp catci and fauna, a dead pig. It may not sound exciting, but it actually was.If you are looking for a good time in the desert for a bit of cash and like horses, than this is the place to go. Judgments will not be cast no matter what type of designer jeans you are wearing.
5	I took my 2 daughters 13 and 15 on their first horseback ride here and I cant say enough good hings about this place. They are very professional and all the horses are very well trained. Our guide was training a younger horse while guiding us on the trail. It was so pieceful and beautiful. You will not regret taking a ride with these people. The plants and animals were cool and the views were unbelievable i coud not beleive how high up the moutains we were in just 1 hour.There are cabins to sleep in and spend the week end  the lake is beautiful and the river cool lots of birds and cactus i love this place we hope to come back some day.
4	Sunset rise on new year's eve. Gorgeous scenery. Great short ride, but you cover a lot of ground with a lot of different amazing views. Saguaros everywhere. Great view of the lake from the top of the hill. Friendly staff. Drawbacks: horses seemed pretty tired by the end of the day (we were the last tour). Even though my horse misbehaved, our tour guide handled him very well. Looking forward to more rides when we return for vacation!
5	What a day horseback riding in a garden of eden! Breathtaking views and the kindest, charming and entertaining guides. Donny was fabulous! Tonto National Forest is magnificent.  Great, beautiful, and tame horses.  Always felt in control.  This is a bucket list item!!
5	Amazing scenery, knowledgeable friendly guide and staff.  I took my parents who are both in there middle 60's and had never been on a horse before and my 13 year old daughter.  This trail ride is perfect for beginners or those who are not so sure about horses.  The views were amazing and we learned a lot too!  I would definatly do it again :) see their website for many other activities they offer...
5	My family and I went kayaking for 2 hours here. Looked all over and there were places for $150 per person and didn't look so good. We found this place that offers a 2 hour trip for $39! Half price on Wednesdays, too! We decided to try it. It was amazing. The staff is really friendly and they give you an orientation to get you going and it's really fun and easy. They can hang on to your keys in an envelope with your name so you don't lose them in the river. They then tell you where to go and give you a laminated map in case you get lost. We're definitely doing this again! Highly recommended!
5	Very Excellent and the best views for a Horseback ride in the Phoenix area. We brought our family of 6 for a ride and all the Ranch personal were so friendly and very authentic.  We enjoyed our 1 1/2 hr ride around and through the desert. Our guide, Ron was gracious enough to take our family picture.  Very accommodating to our needs and handled the horses well. For our First Time rider in the family, he helped to ease her tensions about riding.  Many laughs and great discussions about the area during the ride. We all give the Saguaro Lake Ranch Stables ALL THUMBS UP!!!
