4	I was referred here by my twin, Alicia R., who comes here for her pedicures.  It's not on my side of town, but I'll definitely be back because:-the owners, John and Christine, are the nicest couple, welcoming and attentive-the massage chairs are fabulous!  They even massage your backside--my usual place doesn't have chairs like that.-for $25 (plus tip), I got an hour-long pedi that included a citrus sugar scrub, hot towels, a foot/leg massage, and funny, interesting convo with John.This place is only about 6 months old, so come out and visit for some pampering. Calling for an appointment is recommended since it's just the two owners attending to your needs. I even convinced the b/f to have his first pedi and now he's a fan, too.  Guys, you'll love it; as John, the owner, likes to say, "Don't worry about it!"*The business info is:  11115 S. Eastern Ave., #120, Henderson, NV  89052702-675-3319--whatever is listed was changed from what I entered initially by someone else, not me.  This is the CORRECT info for L Nails (not to be confused with LA Nails)***
4	So, I have this buddy.  Let's just say his name is Del C.  His girlfriend booked pedicure appointments for both of them.  Her hook...they have massaging chairs here.  Her other hook...dinner will be right after.  Del was open to a good massage, good dinner, and why not get his toenails taken care of at the same time.  Del C was game and ended up getting his first pedi.  The process is simple for a pedicure;1.  Walk in or book an appointment, which is recommended. 2.  Sit in one of their massaging chairs where you have complete control (i.e. back, head, neck, fast, slow, etc).3.  Let John or Christine do their thing, which is clean your feet, toes, massage your calves, and pamper your toenails.  This goes on for about an hour, but time does go quick because they manage to keep a conversation going with you. 4.  Enjoy the loving banter between John and Christine.  They are the best. 5.  Leave with the freshest/cleanest toenails in town. Pretty simple process and the cost is only about $25 for the hour.  Not sure if this is a great price since Del has never gotten a pedi before. Del plans on coming back because his experience was top notch.  Yes, he's a fan.  Overall, I was happy, I mean Del was happy with the pampering he just received.  PS:  FDTR (First Dude to Review)
5	Love L Salon. Been going to Kristine since before she opened her salon. Kristine and John have an amazing place. There service and quality of work is the best around. They make an extra effort to make sure you get exactly the style you want the service you expect. Great pricing too.
1	Walked in and was told that they can't take anyone. No explanation why. Terrible customer service.
