5	Pei Wei has a great selection of Asian cuisine, select from various meats, including shrimp, and your choice of brown/white rice or noodles.  Their latest offering the Japanese Beef Chile Ramen is a great new addition to the varieties offered and another sign of their commitment to quality food.
4	Yes yes, it's a chain, but it's pretty darn good. They have consistently good service here on Dysart, and the place is always immaculate. There is this young, dark haired front register kid who works there frequently. Give him a raise! He knows all about the menu, always smiles, and has a great attitude! I actually am starting to prefer the food at Pei Wei to their grand daddy, PF Changs. If Pei Wei added some egg drop soup to their menu, I'd never look back.
3	I have tried different locations of Pei Wei, but I will just rate the Avondale one because that is the one I go to more often. It is OK, service is good. The favor of the food is either sweet, hot, or salty. I can not taste the different between Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisines. I know it is a chain, but maybe I am spoiled with all the different cuisines around the valley. We go because my husband likes it.
4	While I was visiting AZ a while back, a co-worker treated me to lunch here.  I loved it!  I wish they would bring this franchise to Chicago.Basically, you order at the register, they give you a number, then they bring it to your table.  Same concept as Corner Bakery.  I had the Mongolian Beef on Fried Rice.  So good!  I remember there was a station next to the soda fountain that had all of the different sauces.I really enjoyed it and thought it was a nice change from the choices in Chicago.
4	Pretty good place over all. I like the food it is great and the service is ok too. I would go back anytime I had the urge for some good Asian infusion.
3	I visit this Pei Wei about once every couple of months and always have the honey seared chicken and crispy  potstickers ( I get the kids meal, its the perfect size). There have been a couple of times that the rice has been barely warm and my order has been messed up a couple of times. the staff has always been friendly and correct the problem.
4	Not bad Pei Wei!.. I ordered the Japanese Teriyaki Bowl with fried rice and It was good, I also added some of the chilli paste that Pei Wei has and it just made it that much better. I have not tried any other dishes here, but I can honestly say i enjoyed my meal here.
5	You know, this was one of my favorite Pei Wei experiences... they got the food out fast even though it was lunch time and they were pretty busy. The service was also great on top of that. The lady we ordered from even gave us the "To Go" cups rather than the hard plastic ones, which I always have to request at other locations. She did it before I even had a chance to ask! She said that she was psychic ;)Their iced tea was delicious, as usual. The food was also great, but no better or worse than other locations. I really don't like to review chain restaurants like this, but this particular location stood out a bit from the rest.
4	Fast, friendly, clean location.  Always a good experience here.  Beef Chile Ramen FTW!
5	always get great service and the food is always great....my FAVORITE asian place ever!  friendly service...most of the time very fast.
5	Pei Wei is one of my favorite restaurants.  They have a good selection of food and their prices are decent.  Their food is fresh and so far I've liked everything I've tried.  They have a great kids menu, too.  This location is clean and has quick service.  The staff are friendly, too.
3	good food but a bit overpriced...
1	This place is too Americanized!  Their food doesn't even come close to real Asian food.  It is a good place for people who want to say they are adventurous, but really like to eat hamburgers & hot dogs.  Over priced!
2	Okay.  Quasi-Asian. PF Chang-lite.Two soda machines with dozens of options holds things up and causes lines.
5	Great food! Pad Thai is awesome and the lo mein and especially the fried rice with shrimp fast sort of cheap and tons of flavor!
4	This is our go to place for family outings. All three of my kids enjoy the "Honey-Seared Chicken with Noodles", they love it! And that means that we get to enjoy our lunch/dinner when we eat there.My hubby usually orders the Kung-Pao Beef, which I prefer over the chicken, because the meat gets a caramelization that the chicken doesn't get. And me, I am usually the one that orders the "new" dish that they are introducing, like las week was the "Black Pepper Chicken", which with tender and crunchy asparagus, was a very yummy dish! And it never hurts if you get a BOGO coupon in your inbox every once in a while!!
3	Either comparing to other PW's or to other Asian diners, this one is A-OK.  Their food to me is on the salty or too spicy side.  We usually come here when the husband has a hankering for "Chinese food" but doesn't want "authentic" Chinese food.  I can deal.The parking kind of sucks here though so try to avoid coming during peak hours.  I've had pretty consistent decent service though whether it be dine in or take out.
2	My wife and I have eaten at this Pei Wei about once a week since it opened. It was our favorite restaurant in the area.  Unfortunately, they haven't been maintaining their restaurant. The booths are worn out. The soda machine malfunctioned during our last visit and shot soda all over the guests. The dining area is dirty. The food is still good. However, it makes me wonder if the food is safe. If they're neglecting their dining area are they also neglecting their kitchen? On a recent visit we advised an employee that the tea didn't seem very strong, hoping he would check it out. Instead he was rude and advised us that the tea is the same as always. Excuse me but I've had their tea every week for the past few years and I know when it's not correct. I would recommend that they hire a manager that actually cares so he could make some repairs, do some maintenance, clean the restaurant, and retrain the staff. Pei Wei should be ashamed of how they've let this restaurant slip. I've written emails to their corporate office. Now we'll see if they do something to bring this store back to the excellent restaurant that it was.
4	I find they offer solid Asian cuisine at a reasonable price.  I love the fact that I can place the order over the phone and then pick it up when it's ready.  I usually get the Chicken Lo Mein along with Lettuce Wraps or their Crab Wantons.  It's like a fast food version of PF Changs.  If you are in the mood for Chinese food, you could do significantly worse than stopping at Pei Wei.
4	We've heard of Pei Wei, but had not tried it in Los Angeles. What a lovely treat.Friends directed us to the restaurant on Dysart. Very easy to find at the corner of a strip mall. Limited parking. The shops that surround the Avondale location are very busy. Anyway, we found a spot, and proceeded into a world of soft lighting. The dining area is composed of dark wood and black leather booths. Sleek. Clean. Minimalist artwork. Following the signs we ordered our meal, then self seated. Collected silverware and condiments along the back wall. Waited for our food to be delivered to our table.We started with crab filled won tons nestled in a garlic, ginger, red pepper sauce. Luscious.Followed by two pork-filled egg rolls with a delicate mustard dipping sauce. Yum.Two entrees: (1) Chicken sauteed in teriyaki sauce with spinach greens, carrots, cabbage and onions; (2) Beef and broccoli tossed with Mongolian garlic sauce. Both meat dishes served over a bed of white rice. Tasty. Beautiful array of colors and textures.We ordered way too much food for two people. We could have shared one entree and appetizers.My only minor complaint . . . too much sauce over powers the flavorful meat and veggies. Next time I'll ask for sauce on the side.Otherwise what a delightful surprise to find a bit of Asia in Arizona.
3	This was our first ever visit to Pei Wei. It wasn't bad, but it didn't wow us. I think for what you get it was kind of expensive. We all shared the lettuce wraps which were great. I had the coconut curry and it seemed pretty bland plus the chicken had hard pieces in it which was gross. Bottom line for me if I am going to spend that much I would rather go somewhere else.
3	This would be a daily stop for us! Pei Wei Spicy Stock Velvet and Brown Rice. Very good for us. And now that we are down in weight, we share a dinner portion and are stuffed. Makes lunch very affordable at 20 bucks for three people.On a sad note, we pulled a bag wrapper out of our meal a few weeks ago. :(Update: Will note that today's water cup was full of something unpleasant that dried to the side, thank God I looked before I drank it. Plus our sons order was incorrect and we where charged for an adult meal instead of a kids. No mention of refund and late getting to an appointment, so we could do nothing about it. That's two strikes. One more and we won't be back to this location.
2	Per Wei is always hit or miss depending on location...This one is a miss and been so consistently for quite some time.  I try it again every now and them in hopes they have hit but no luck yet!
3	East meets west. It's not authentic but is appealing for a quick, fresh lunch. I like the pad thai extra spicy.
3	It's ok food and over priced. Is rather go to Panda Express. Try AJK Chinese Cuisine not to far from here.
4	Great spot for a quick bite to eat. I always go with the Carmel chicken and fried rice. It hasn't failed me yet. The only downside is that the parking is pretty tight and it gets quite busy around dinner time.
5	Great food great service! The Kung Pao Chicken is outstanding i would recommend always getting the larger portion its just that good
5	Pei Wei has great food and super value. My kids ask to go and making them happy is a big deal when I just don't feel like cooking.
4	always good food, wait time is always short reguardless of how busy they are.
1	To all my friends and family or whoever may go to Pei Wei on 1619 North Dysart Rd. Please reconsider! My family and I were dining at this Pei Wei yesterday and observed the General Manager working the food line. For 30 minutes this man picked a pimple on the back of his ear and poked at his nose then touched food. We were grossed out to say the least and got a refund. He came to our table to let us know he wasn't bleeding so we shouldn't be worried. Really dude? How about the puss or gunk you squeezed out of that pimple and the sweat and mucus you touched picking your nose. He never got why we were so disgusted because he just kept assuring us his pimple wasn't bleeding. I think he even sniffed his fingers to see if the back of his ear stunk. We ended up at Takamatsu by Luke Air force Base and had better food and a better experience. I just wanted to share this so you can decide if you want to dine at this location but I don't recommend it. *barf*
2	Come on guys what does it take to have bottled water.  Last 5 times I have come here you were out.  4 out of the last 5 times you were out of chocolate chip cookies.  It's not that hard to store water, it never goes bad.Food is decent most of the time,  although not always consistent.   The lack of bottle water makes it so I hardly come any more.  We use to come weekly.
1	The staff was awful and you could tell none of them wanted to be there. They also managed to screw up 3 of the 4 things we ordered and made the 4th so bad, we had to send it back. The food was fresh but couldn't wait to leave and never come back. The Pad Thai was awful; mushy and greasy with no flavor. The spicy tuna roll was actually a regular tuna roll with a blob of disgusting spicy mayo next to it on the plate.
1	I love Pei Wei... But not this Pei Wei! Not only the worst Pei Wei I've been too, but one of the worst restaurants I've been to in my life. I even went three different times to make sure I had to write this place off. First time, they brought out our lettuce wraps and the meat was so burnt you could smell it before they put the plate down. Second time the wonton soup was cold and the dumplings had fallen apart because they had sat for so long... Third time was the worst! Was taking my second bite into the lettuce wrap and there was a half squished bug on the lettuce and it was still squirming! I just put my food down and walked out; never to return. I will go to Panda Express before going to Pei Wei! DO NOT GO HERE!
5	This one of my favorites places to eat at. I really love all their dishes. I like their tea and their new soda machine.
3	I like it, sometimes place doesn't look so clean, but when your craving oriental food, that's reasonable, I guess I can overlook some things.
4	Had a great experience at this location. Very helpful staff, and the crab wontons are always delicious. I wasn't so fond of the Asian chop salad, tho. Hence, the 4 stars instead of 5. Food was fast and yummy.
1	I like Pei Wei as I always know what to expect. However, this is the second time that I have placed a to go order and waited double the time I was told over the phone. This time I was told the order would take 15 minutes over the phone and I waited over 30 minutes. I would have received the food faster had I dined in. I saw multiple people arrive after me after who dined in. They were eating or leaving as I was barely getting my to go order. I had a simple order of fried rice, chicken Pei Wei, and California rolls.  I'm appalled!!! I didn't even receive an apology. When I asked why I waited so long I was told a cook was missing. If that were the case then those who arrived after me that dined in should still be waiting and not leaving, as I barely received my food!!!!
5	Last night, I was craving Pei Wei so I definitely had to go get some. I invited a friend (who has never tried Pei Wei) and we went to this location for the first time. The drive was long but definitely worth it. We ordered the Teriyaki Crunch Rolls, Traditional Chicken Lettuce Wraps, I got the small Pei Wei Spicy chicken on fried rice, and my friend ordered the small Thai Dynamite chicken on fried rice. As we were getting our drinks at the awesome soda machine with a variety of different  flavors, our sushi was already finished being made! I already knew the sushi was pretty good but my friend was blown away by how delicious he thought they were. Within a couple minutes our chicken lettuce wraps were brought to our table. The lettuce was fresh; the chicken was flavorful and tasty. The chicken lettuce wraps is one of my favorite dishes on the menu. After munching on our appetizers for a few minutes, the waitress brought our two entrees to our table. The Pei Wei chicken is my favorite entree on the menu, it has a unique flavor and they made it exactly how I wanted it. No carrots or snap peas but add tons of broccoli. Plus extra sauce on the side because I just enjoy the flavor of the Pei Wei Spicy. The fried rice was quite mouth-watering and I enjoyed it as well. We couldn't even finish half of our small portions of entrees so it was great to box up to-go and save for the next day to eat! All in all, the staff were quite friendly, the entire restaurant was cleaned/organized and the food was great and has big portions for a low fair price. This is a location that will be visited often.
1	Ordered shrimp lo mean to go...got all the way home, opened it up, stirred it in alittle....and THERE WAS A LIVE SPIDER IN IT. I took it all the way back, got a refund and a new dish, and they didn't even make it right the second time. I got plain noodles with a few pieces of shrimp in it. Needless to say, this regular customer WILL NOT be back... EVER. I am thoroughly disgusted and mad.
5	First time here. Greeted promptly. Menu can be confusing. Clean comfortable surroundings. Contemporary decor instead of the phony Asian motif. Soft jazz music. The staff members were all very nice. I ordered the chicken lo mein with pot stickers and veggie spring rolls. The chicken was tender and nicely seasoned. Fresh cooked to order. Hot and fresh. Soft delicate noodles, enhanced with mushrooms, carrot and green onion. Tasty sauce that was sweet and ginger-like. Delicious side dishes. The pot stickers are deep fried and not the ordinary pan fry. Crispy spring rolls filled with not too crunchy veggies. Both sides served with dipping sauce. Jars of hot chili sauce are provided if you like a spicy bite. Serving size of the main dish was plenty. They also have a smaller portion size available. Unlike Panda Express, which is more cafeteria style, here you are served at your table with real plates and flat ware. Regular bowl of lo mein $8.69, 2 spring rolls $3.79, 2 pot stickers $1.99. Thank God no nasty dry fortune cookies forced on me. What a relief!
4	Always fast friendly, service. I love the new sushi rolls, I've only tried the Wasabi Crunch Rolls because I love the "crunch" with the spicy tuna. The food always tastes fresh. Though the pork roll was flavorful, it was dropping in grease. I wouldn't recommend if that's the way they serve them all the time.
