1	Horrible horrible horrible service! They are liars and they are out to scam you! Be very careful when dealing with them! They lied about amount and would not take responsibibility. The manager said he couldnt listen to the recording until the next day and ionce he did if the girl who helped me on the phone was wrong he would yell at her but not honor  what she promised us. The guy who came to the site, scared my 60 year old mother threading her that he would call alll of vegas, so no one would help us if we didn't give him the business. I was 8 months pregnant and he was sitting there arguing with me, I didn't need this at the time. I felt lied to and the Manager on the phone was yelling, I have never been treated that way it was the most unprofessional and rude experience I have ever had.
1	DO NOT USE 24/7 LOCKSMITH!!!  They quoted me a price and when they came out told me it was going to cost exactly 10 times what they quoted me. The locksmith then has gone on to repeatedly text me very inappropriate things. I cannot stress enough NOT to use this company!
1	Ripped me off! Quoted 15$ on the phone then said 135$ in person and ran off with my money and no receipt. Horrible customer service, STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THEM AS POSSIBLE. liars and cheats. Karma is gonna catch your stealing asses!
1	DO NOT USE THEM. I actually called another company and I believe they sub-contracted 24-7 Locksmith to me. So, unfortunately, I had no way to know that THIS would be the company I would be dealing with. The gal I spoke to on the phone let me know it was a $29 service feel to come out and $25 and up for labor. Ok, cool, I just needed my USPS mailbox rekeyed as we lost it. The gentleman that came out were decently professional and told me they were going to replace the lock. Ok, that's what you're here for. They finish the job, (a whopping 15-20 mins or so) and one of them hands me a bill for $250.00. Um..... SERIOUSLY?! He tries to tell me it's because I have a large box, whatever- but if you KNEW it was going to be a ridiculous amount to re-key this box THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE SAID SO prior to starting work!!!!!!!! He wanted to follow me to an ATM because I didn't have that cash, and the longer I drove the more upset I became. When we arrived I told him no, I was not paying that. He was on the phone with someone in his office, I assume, the whole time. I had two options- pay the large sum or (wait for it) $100 for an "unlocking fee" and they would take their lock back. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? They had my drivers license, so I was kind of bent over- so pissed I could cry. I ended up having to still pay $180.00 to end the whole scenario. THESE ARE THE MOST MORALLY CORRUPT PEOPLE I'VE EVER ENCOUNTERED. THEY MIS-REPRESENTED THEMSELVES, AND THEIR BUSINESS PRACTICES. Like another reviewer said, Karma will get these jerks! If you take a gander, the BBB has an ALERT on them. I would never have chosen them myself, but a third party send these a--holes out. I'm equally upset with them for even doing business with a place like this. SCAMMERS!
1	I felt the entire experience was deceptive, misleading and manipulative of people in a compromised position. The show up 1 hour late..  They are scammer I end up paying 180$ after all the fees. They told me 19$ service fee and another 23$ to get open and end up paying 180$!!!! This is a scam.. Don't be a victim.....
