5	Love this store - The employee's are very helpful without sales pressure like so many other jewelery stores.   The Manager Rhea is very nice, personalble and helpful to all your needs!  They have a watch and jewelery repairman in the store which is hard to find.  Only downside of the store is I would like to see more of a selection of mens watch brands.
5	My fiance and I had two both our engagement rings made from vintage, family rings.  Mine was absolutely incredible and my fiance's topped mine!  They even utilized our old diamonds.  The rings were unbeatable deals!  We plan on getting all our jewelry from The Jewelers from now on.  The ladies were all so kind and sweet; very genuine staff.
1	The staff here was very friendly and extremely nice.  However, I brought a ring in to be sized of which the jeweler in the back said he could do there.  When he was done I noticed the stone was now loose. I pointed it out and they said they couldn't fix it there they would have to send it to the main location.  I wanted to wear the ring so I kept it.  Then I realized a week later looking at the ring close up because the stone was loose, that the stone actually had a chip in it.  This was not there when I originally brought it in.  I was very upset.  Not only was the stone loose now in the ring, but there was a chip in the stone as well.  Not happy.
1	Get it together Jewelers! On top of the DREADFUL experience we had to start with when we made our custom rings before our wedding, now the Jeweler's aren't even sticking to their offered plan to rhodium dip and size for free. After ALL the money we've spent there. But they're also not consistent. My husband went in a month ago and his was free, then I come in and they tell me its $45, but they might be able to get me a deal and charge me only $25. No. It's Free! It should be free, like my husband was told when he FIRST came to The Jewelers and purchased the rings. And just like his father who bought all his mother's jewelry there. It's as if they don't care to have loyal clientele. Is the economy SO good all of a sudden that there's no need to build a rapport with clients. They almost had two generations of a VERY large family as their clients, but no more. I don't even know why I bothered coming back to hold them to their word that they would take care of the ring they made. I feel so let down. I don't even want to buy jewelry anymore.
1	My wife and I have lived in Las Vegas for 35 years, The Jewelers used to be the place to go, well we took a couple of necklaces and a bracelet for repairs. The woman at the counter was rude, when we picked up the items the necklace that got a new lobster claw was put on crooked, poor workmanship, after one day it broke again, the bracelet also broke, al it needed was new pins, spent over $110 for the repairs. We were so mad that we don't trust them to fix again.  We would definetly not go there again.
5	I have received absolutely stellar service every time I have been in. From fine watches and custom jewelry to Pandora products, I am completely satisfied with The Jewellers.
5	Stopped into the Jewelers today to see what it would cost to have a vintage ring cleaned and polished.  She took it back and did it on the spot and even better didn't charge me.  Wow!  How nice.  Thanks!
