3	I had heard a lot about the Earl from my friends living in Marchmont, so I was really excited when they suggested we go there for our pre-drink rather than our usual haunt.Firstly, I was surprised at how small the Earl was. There were around 25 seats, every one taken, and people standing everywhere. I bumped into a friend (literally bumped into him) but couldn't stop to chat because there seemed to be a one-way flow of human traffic around me. Don't get me wrong, it was a really nice wee bar with a lot of character to it, but I think it's reached a stage where it's reputation precedes its reality. I wouldn't choose to go there if I wanted a nice drink with my friends, but I would choose to go there if I wanted to re-live my first year at uni and socialize with Marchmont's elite.
4	Unexpectedly catching the tail end of a live jazz band (Swing Supreme) one Sunday afternoon at the Earl of Marchmont, an entertaining social drink ensued. The interior is a mix of oak beams and subdued lighting resulting in a relaxed drinking environment. A large sports screen above the door ensures that the sports fan are satisfied as well as those simply wanting a mellow local drinking spot.The food isn't the best (most of it being reheated pub grub), but as far as fitting the brief of a typical modern pub, it fits this criteria well.
5	Earl of Marchmont is a really friendly, sociable and small pub situated right in the heart of Marchmont.  When my flatmates and I first moved to the area we thought, at first glance, that it was just an 'old man' pub.  After about a moth, however, we went there for the pre-drink before a night out and were pleasantly surprised by the cosiness of the atmosphere and how well priced the drinks were.  There is always a good range of people inside (including old men), all of which are pleasant.  Further, their food is delicious.  On a number of occassions I've had their soup and panini combo for less than a fiver.  The soup is always an interesting and delicious flavour and they have a great selection of paninis, my personal favourite being the cheese and smoked ham.  I really couldn't fault this place as it also had great service and screens showing the latest sporting events - always a winner.
4	I live right across from the Earl of Marchmont, which makes it the kinda place I like going to. Because it's close and I'm lazy. I actually genuinely like the pub, too, though I'm not at all a fan of the prices. It's a comfortable, cosy space, though don't expect to get a seat if you come late on a weekend. Another great thing about the Earl (as we lazy locals call it) is that it has outdoor seating (though not after 10). And by 'outdoor seating' they don't just mean 1 or 2 tables with a couple of rickety chairs, but several tables and several chairs and enough room for many a person to grab some fresh air outside on the few, but certain days where the weather is actually bearable. They do a great brunch deal that is a panini (served with salad and crisps) and a bloody mary for 5.50 (or something around that price). They also have London Pride on tap at an affordable price and Hoegaarden on tap at an extortionate price. So, there's enough for all tastes, you see.
4	Living in Marchmont, this is without a doubt my favourite bar in the area and they only one I would go to if I was going for a drink locally, in fact its probably in my top 5 in Edinburgh.This tiny bar has great decor, a wonderful atmosphere and is a genuinely enjoyable place to have a quiet drink with a couple of friends (I would even try turn up with a large group!).  Although its always quite busy, I have never had a huge problem getting a seat and they also have outdoor seating as well (not your typical cheap plastic chair affair, nice chairs and tables) which is great when the weather is OK.While the music is manly on as background music, I have always been impressed with their choice of tunes!Its not the cheapest bar in Edinburgh, but that's OK as they have a great selections of beers, wines and ciders (much more than you would expect from a bar this size) and this is the the kind of bar you would go to actually enjoy a drink while having a chat, not get hammered.Definitely a gem, and well worth making time to visit if its not in your local area.
4	One of my most favourite pubs in Edinburgh. I've been a few times and every time has been fun. The beer selection is good. This is one of the few places where you can get interesting ciders and ginger beers (Jeremiah Weed!)There's friendly and patient staff. The pub is cosy and small, with cute outdoor seating when the weathers right. I love the vibe of Marchmont. I also got the macaroni and cheese here, was so delicious. Pretty sure it was just microwaved, and i'm not sure if it was home made in the first place (must have been) but was so delicious anyways. yum..
3	A wee neighbourhood local, and wee it certainly is. And local. And friendly.I'm only wavering on 3 stars just now as I need to come back. They serve food, which looks like standard pub food (mac n' cheese, curry etc.) For a small bar they don't just serve the usual - they have alcoholic ginger beer and the like.The only thing that gets me is the layout of the place. THere are chairs around the outskirts of the pub, and a wee bar but with some seats quite close to the bar. Not much room at the bar to chill, but not many seats either. This isn't awful per se, but if I want to find a wee local where I'm guaranteed a comfy seat, well it'd be nice if there were a seat.I also couldn't hear any music when I was in here which makes me sad. I like a good few hours in a pub randomly interspersed with "ohmygod I remember this song!" and "Shazaming this!" Just another wee note.As far as bars go, it's friendly (really friendly, kudos to the staff) and the regulars are a mix of students and "old men", all of whom were happy to chat with one another. Def somewhere where I can imagine "Everyone knows your name" after a wee while. Llike I said, just needs a few return visits!
3	Pro: Interesting selection of booze for a neighbourhood bar, and some tasty food on occassion.Cons My problem is that it doesnt really know what it wants to be the seating is really odd and on the back of this it can be really difficult to get to the bar if there are other patrons standing thereMy only other real problem is with some of the staff I have encountered recently and their terrible bad moods. Last time the bar man was doing his best to avoid the very grumpy bar maid, as were the customers. We all have bad days but the last 3 times I was in she was like that. Going to avoid the place for a few months and give it another go later in the year. On a plus side the majority of the bar staff and maangement have been excellent which is what pulls this to a 3. The locals that drink in here are also very friendly with some very interesting characters dropped in the mix.
4	This is a cool bar right in the middle of Marchmont. It always seems to be busy which is a good sign. I wouldn't consider it the cheapest bar around but it has a nice vibe with a mix of locals and students.
3	I used to quite like this place; however I feel it has gone downhill in the last few months. Decent back bar, and a few pumps of real ale and the other usual beers on tap. Its always hard to tell the mood in here, they don't tend to put the TV on, which just seems like a waste to me, I wa sin the other day and they could have had the Tennis on, just an example.They do gigs quite often, which is great for those of you who know the band, but the place is so small that you obviously can't escape the music, and the place turns into a sauna.Saying all this, if you go in and its busy then the atmosphere can be quite good - though I can never escape the feeling that I am inconveniencing the regulars - everyone turns round when you walk in and nobody moves when you are trying to get to the bar.I have based this review on well over a dozen visits to this bar -like I said, I used to quite like it.
4	Back in the day, the nineteenth century, when Sir George Warrender and his mates were building Marchmont, there wasn't much call for drinking establishments in a nice middle class Edinburgh suburb. Drinking dens were best left to the main thoroughfares in and out of the city (running through Bruntsfield, Newington and the like) while the middle class oft professional man preferred to keep his drinking - and to an extent his wife - inside the home. Joy of joys therefore that the Earl of Marchmont offers today's residents a home from home: men, women and students are all welcome.A few years back the EoM was a pub to walk past, perhaps en route to the place across the road. These days it's small in scale, but has a good range of drinks for its bijou serving area. The exterior exudes a sense of style, the inside manages to combine tables and chairs, bar stools, standing areas and some couches to stretch out on: it's a marvel that it all fits in.If you're unlucky enough to catch the chemical aroma of the toilets which can quickly invade such a small space then think yourself lucky that this place in better than it was a decade ago. Then marvel at the high quality workmanship of Victorian residencies.
