5	This little gem was recommended to us by the hotel concierge and I had to go thank her afterwards. The food was very good, while it cost around $40 it included an appetizer and a desert. I had escargot puff pastry, Surf and Turf and a chocolate mousse and it was all amazing. I picked at my friends' combo plate (foie gras, filet, lamb chops and duck breast), rabbit dish and veal dish and they were all great. Service was very good, if a bit stuffy. My only qualm was that outdoor seating faces a kinda creepy looking empty lot.
5	i used to come here a couple of times a week as a child.came back here a week ago and they still remembered me.  some things have changed from the past the good food is still here.if you are looking for traditional french fare, come on by.  unlike paris, the portions are quite generous.i had the escalope de veau which was delicious - i ate the whole plate.my parents and brother (despite their freak of nature ability to eat a whole cow gene) all took home leftovers for the ris de veau, the confit de canard and the jarret d'agneau.the house own wine used to be much better and measured by the pours but times have changed.  still not bad.of course, a meal is nothing without dessert so try the creme brulee but i prefer the profiteroles - yummy puffs with ice cream and hot choco sauce.on sundays, they have their legendary mille feuille.  a definite to try item!
3	This place is fine. Food is very French, very delicate. However, if you don't want to ruin your night at this place, make sure that you won't order the foie gras. It's terrible. It tastes like crappy ice cream...
4	Really good restaurant. Meat was perfectly done. Very friendly staff offering great service. Excellent deserts as well.
3	Very average. I used to go to this place often about 12 years ago and the food was phenomenal, as these years progressed, the quality and service decreased, so we stopped going. After many years, we decided to try it again. To our dismay, it was just OK. The Cesar salad, was intense, way to much garlic and minimal flavors. The steak au poivre was fine, but for $40, you would expect a bit better than fine. Some others at our table had the veal chop with a mushroom-cognac sauce, which was just borderline,. Honestly, the sauce you could have mistake for a package.  The atmosphere is still the same, nice and traditional French, but with this goes the attitude and stiffness of the waiters.
5	This is an excellent restaurant in Montreal.  The price-to-quality ratio of this place is superb.  I purposely went on a Tuesday night because I knew I would be able to get same day reservations here but normally that would not happen.  From the first time I walked in I felt at home in both the restaurant and in terms of the service.  The staff were very attentive and polite, which you would expect at a high end place like this.The food was amazing.  I had the prime rib steak and my companions had the braised lamb shank and rib steak.  I sampled both meals and they were absolutely heavenly.  For an appetizer I had the octopus and I must say it was the best I've ever had.  I have tried octopus and squid at many different locations and the salad they made was out of this world.The ambiance is very elegant and romantic and the perfect place to have a few drinks or for a special dinner.  I would highly recommend giving this place a try if you are looking for a classy place to have a nice meal and relax.
5	Great little French restaurant that I would have never thought to go in just looking at it from the outside.  The door has seen better days and looks like you are about to enter the Bar B Barn...but once inside, the decor changes significantly!I had duck and veal and even ate all my vegetables!  One of the tastiest dinners I've had in some time.  The service was also fantastic.  Very attentive, joked with us a bit, and suggested some food and wine.  The decor is classy, white table clothes and stuff.  It's quiet and rustic.  I couldn't help but notice the colourfully lit up breathalizer in the corner...didn't really suit this type of resto but better safe than sorry I suppose!
2	I had the escargot and the lamb dish.  Nothing special.  Everything was covered with a brown sauce.  I didn't even know that there were veggies under the meat and sauce until I got midway through my meal.  The sauce made the entire dish taste the same.  The escargot - nothing special.  I've had better in many other restaurants.  The dessert was good - Napoleon cake and profiterol, although the profiterols are not the real ones like they serve in France.  Will not be coming back.
3	The service was amazing. We stopped in based on the hotels recommendation and it wasn't too bad. For starters, they have a complimentary bit of bread, smoked meat, carrots (weird?), and olives.We skipped on appetizers and ordered a bottle of the house wine for the table and went straight for the main course. I ordered the stag steak, which wasn't anything special by itself. The sauce didn't really give or take anything from the flavor. By cutting up the onion and eating it together with the steak was when it really came to lfe. The stag could've used some more marinade or additional flavoring for the sauce.
5	Not much to say other than simply fantastic food. Our waiter was hilarious and really accommodating to my baby niece! Our table tried the fois gras, the duck, the lamb, the steak and lobster surf and turf and the veal. Very good potatoes as side. On the pricy side but so so good.
4	I can't believe I've probably walked by this place millions of times but never tried it until about a week ago.  It doesn't look like much from the street but inside a truly fantastic food experience awaits you.  The decor is cosy and the service is top notch.  Their focus is on French food and they do that well.When you sit down they bring you a plate of chorizo sausage, olives and carrots.   While the sausage is tasty don't fill up here because there is lots more to come!  To start we split a platter that included confit de canard, grilled shrimps, grilled mushrooms and fried calamari.  The calamari in particular were very well done.  They were crispy and cooked just right.  To add to that I ordered the duck in green peppercorn sauce.  The duck was well done and fell apart.  The sauce was a pleasant addition.  You could really taste the peppercorns and it was salted just right.  They also brought some fries to the table to be shared by everyone and those were quite good.I finished off the night with a chocolate lava cake.  This is one of my desserts so my expectations are always high when I order it.  Fortunately this one lived up to those expectations.  It was piping hot and they succeeded in leaving the interior uncooked.Portions are huge so come hungry or be prepared to share with your dining companions.  As for reservations they don't seem an absolute must.  While it was busy when I came you probably could have gotten a table without a reservation.
4	Montreal- Fantastic meal made to seem effortless by the staff an kitchen- escargot, wine and margret de canard was excellent start to finish
5	My friend Carol and I dined here in November 2012, the concierge at our hotel suggested it when we inquired after authentic French cuisine. The service was excellent, the staff courteous, professional with a dash of savoir fair. As neither of us are particularly familiar with French food, we asked our waiter for recommendations for food and wine. we were not disappointed! The Fois Gras was excellent as was the escargot. Both of us enjoyed out main dishes, as well, though I cannot recall what we had as I am writing this review a year and a half afterwards. We enjoyed the wines, and had dessert and coffee afterwards.  Let me put it to you this way...Carol (who enjoys fine wines and dining)  was recently in MTL, she emailed wanting to know the name of Les Mas Des Oliviers. I looked it up for her, and thought it best to add one more vote for a superb classic establishment.
5	Service is excellent and everything we ordered was delicious. First time my kids ever had escargot and they loved it.  House red wine was very good and a good deal at $33/bottle. Expensive but worth it.
4	Classy, quiet restaurant. You'll see some white haired Montreal politicians every time. The place you'd go for a special birthday or anniversary. The waiters are polite, pleasant, and funny if you get them going. The food is downright perfect, french cuisine. Be sure to get the Escargot.
5	This is such a cute little restaurant. I would recommend to everyone. The staff is nice, attentive and friendly. The food was great I would completely go back without a doubt.
