5	If you want to change your body for the better, this is the place for you.  If you like to challenge yourself and improve everything about your strength, your eating, your fitness and your health, this is the place for you.If you want quick and easy, little work lots of results, the latest fad this place is not for you! Raw is the place I have been looking to find for quite a while.  I am in their Fit in 42 program and will be doing the program again.  I feel like I am at the beginning of a permanent change in my relationship with food and I love, love, love this place.  The people push you hard but act like family.Five Stars absolutely!
5	RAW Fitness is the best bootcamp program I have ever been a part of. The trainers are very motivating and knowledgeable.  They offer a variety of class times from 6am til 6pm. The programs they offer are second to none. The type of people that attend help as well as hold each other accountable. Joining has been one of the best decisions of my life. I love this gym!
5	Raw fitness has been the best decision I have made in a long time. My husband dragged me there knowing I hated traditional gyms and scared to death of crossfit type gyms. Raw fitness is a super welcoming and friendly environment where i have made friends and able to get kick as workouts and have a lot of fun! The trainers are top notch for sure!!
5	Raw Fitness has a really great and creative way of doing circuit training. I was very impressed with their set ups and the equipments they have. I went there and was surprised at how friendly the participants were. It was a very homely environment. The staffs are great and are very helpful and motivating. The employees are professional and watch your form when working out and will motivate you if you get tired.This is how it works: the fitness center sets up about 6 stations and each station has about five different workouts.  You do the workout for a minute and then switch to the next workout, once you're done with a set, you do a quick set again and then switch to the next station. You are free to use more weights if it isn't challenging enough.It works out great as you get out of the gym within a good time and it keeps everything in a timely order. I did enjoy the supplement rep that was there who offered samples of pre and post workout booster. They also sell protein powders and other supplements to help you reach your goal! The coolest thing? They have a fridge for you to store your water to keep it nice and cold during your workout! They also sell Quest bar by the box!I got a great workout and will definitely be back when I am there again! Thank you Raw Fitness!
5	If your time is limited yet you value your health and fitness Raw is the place...l get so much done in just one hr. the trainers are very passionate about what they do and craft every workout to keep you coming back next day wanting more..
5	Before joining RAW I tired out so many other gym and I can honestly say there is no place like RAW. The trainers are some of the best around. They actually care about helping reach their fitness goals and are extremely motivating.The atmosphere that Justin has created is one of a kind. He made working out fun and exciting. Not only are the workouts challenging and they are fun at the same time. Everyone is so amazing and motivating. I can honestly say that Justin and RAW fitness has completely changed my life. If you have fitness goals, want to lose weight or just get into shape, this is THE place to be!!
5	thank you                                                     justin blum                          nancy novak kennedy                          cass clingen                         brian lieberman                         dylan birtishel
5	Love this gym!  I highly recommend their 6 week challenge!  I am on my last week and on track to lose 25 lbs.  I couldn't be happier. Love then people and the environment.  They make working out fun!!
