4	I was walking from a meeting yesterday and fell into this cute Olive oil and vinegar shops. After, talking with the owner and her adorable daughters I bought a bought of Olive oil and herbs. I had a few friends over my house for Halloween and I had the olive oil and herbs which I'm addicted to right now.I plan to go back and buy some olive oil and have it shipped to a friend in NYC. Happy a place like this exist in my neighborhood. Hope to try more olive oil favors !!
5	Are you looking to take every delicious teaspoonful (ahem, alright, HEAPING tablespoons) of Nutella to the next irresistible level? Or what about that favorite meal you love to make that needs a little "umph" this spring to keep it in its place? I've found the secret, and it's so delicious, I can't possibly keep it to myself. I've visited Olive and Marlowe for the past 2 weeks in a row, and I have no intention of stopping. Was it the charming little girl who greeted me at the door exclaiming "Wow! You're tall!" (I'm all of 5'5 on a good day)? Was it the smorgasbord of taste-testing options for the infused olive oils and vinegars they feature? Or was it the incredible comforting scent of freshly baked goodies from La Gourmandine on Saturday? Whatever keeps drawing me there, will likely be a treat for you, too. I bought a lovely Basil Olive Oil that is my new favorite ingredient to top off the perfect Caprese Salad. I bought a croissant that challenges just about any croissant I've had in all of my world travels. A few minutes in the oven turned this croissant into a fluffy, flaky and buttery perfection that only could be improved with a (ahem) "dollop" of Nutella. This alone, should make you run to check this place out. Lastly, the owner has wonderful suggestions and ideas for your next culinary adventure. I appreciate her recommendations and value her input. Her suggestion of making a grilled cheese using one of the oils and the ciabatta bread that I bought was a delicious, quick dinner on a busy night for me this week. Community collaborative cooking? I like it! Having moved here from out of state, I've often been told that the best food in Pittsburgh is made right in your own kitchen. After making a stop at Olive and Marlowe part of my new weekly routine, I fully understand why this saying is true. Hope to see you there when I stop by this weekend, but please be kind and save a croissant, and a compliment for me!
