2	Was there with a party of 8, 4adults 4kids nice atmosphere and clean from the entrance to the washrooms. Food was average for the price although the salad they include with the meal was awful soggy oil drenched lettuce, the worst part was the souvlaki plate (at a Greek restaurant). The meat was dry and burnt the pita was overfilled with tzatziki, the tomatoes in the pita were cut in huge quarters like in a Greek salad, lazy lazy . The lamb chops were tasty but again overcooked, the rib steak was worth the price but again overcooked not to or request. Certainly a rotisserie can get one meat cooked to request. As for the rest of the appetizers the spinach pie was great, the fried zucchini and eggplant was tasteless, not impressed for a place I heard so much about. I would be weary of giving this place another chance, but because I've heard many recommendations I probably will, maybe on a slower night.
4	Not bad. I didn't really enjoy the chicken because there were so many bones in it but everything else was delicious. The Tzatziki was tasty, the calamaries were to die for, the greek salad.... mmmmmmm... i can go on and on. I'd definitely go back!
4	Its been a while I have been to Panama to eat and actually my first time in laval.  We started with the entrees, Octopus was very good and tender but small for $17....Greek salad was good. I esp. liked the feta. Greek oil could have beena little better but still a good salad. Fried Calamari was not to my liking. I have had better and stuck to only one piece. From here it only got better. We had the lamp chops, Red snapper and Chicken. All were excellent as in Montreal. Service was good, maybe to over done. He seemed to love his job. Only think is the price seemed very expensive.  When you pay $250 for 4 kids and 2 adults with no wine....thats steep. I had something similar in Astoria, NY for half the price. Tripoli is just as good and much cheaper.
5	One of my favorite places to dine. Used to hit the west island location until the Laval one opened.Service is quick and friendly.I don't recommend ordering pitas or whatnot, did it once wasn't impressed and it's not what they are all about.We love to go on an appetizer rampage. The tzatziki is good, greek sausages excellent. Greek salad is good. Greek potatoes are awesome. Spanakopita is tasty.... etc.I'm getting hungry again just typing about it.Specialty is the chicken and the lamb. I recommend sharing it with folks.Desert favorite is the loukumades.
4	Great food, simple, fresh, flavoured and very well prepared. Great staff!! Very pleased to have discovered this place.
2	The place is very nice, but I was not happy with the food. It was only average but the price was not.
3	My gf and I went here for a friend's birthday. The restaurant decor is nothing special. The food was good and the service was decent. We had a waitress that was a little too friendly and involved which made things uncomfortable. We also felt pressure to order an entree which we didn't order. My gf and I had the salmon which was cooked well. It came with a side of potatoes and rice which were also good. I would've preferred veggies and rice or potatoes rather than 2 different starches. It's pricey for this location since it's located in a strip mall. It wasn't bad but it's not a restaurant that I'd return any time soon.
