5	Went into this relatively new Blu Burger and loved the new menu! And I like the location too. Pretty, upscale, and comfy. I loved the new Greek Sald with Salmon, and my friend Marilyn had the same! I actually was able to meet Josh, their manager, and he lives and breathes this restaurant seven days a week and his efforts show!  Will go back again and again. See, it's the people and food that counts in a restaurant. I do have a question though...have you ever noticed that so many people who love a restaurant don't go on Yelp as often as the one's who don't like a place? It's sad. this place deserves all five stars and more!
4	Tuesday is the day to go.  Went here for a random and quick lunch and I was pretty happy with the Turkey burger.  It was charred just enough and the toppings are pretty decent to choose from for a custom burger.  I was a bit disappointed with the onion rings because they came out as a clump and really oily.  Service was good but I was waiting for a few moments extra for my check and napkin folded on my plate.  The staff is really knowledgable and friendly and I'll definately check it out again for a lunch.  The atmosphere is kind of diner style meets a cozy kitchen.  I'm a fan and I'll be back.
5	We loved it! Sure Groupon is the reason we went and still spent alot, but it was tasty and the service was friendly and attentive!
3	Let me first say that I like Blu Burger.  I have been to another several times and really liked it.This one, however, has no vibe.  I have never seen it full, in fact, I'm not sure I've ever seen it half full, which seems to be telling me something.  I do enjoy the food and think they have a good beer selection, (love the Sex Panther), but again, this place feels cold and unaccommodating.  When it first opened we came here at least twice a month, now we go once every other month.  I do hope something changes.
2	Never again. This was a one time thing. Let me first start by saying the service was great, not flawless as we had to ask for drinks a couple of times before a refill arrived, but the staff was professional and nice. On the flip side of things their burgers were nothing special. I honestly would rather eat at McDonalds over this place. I had the Blu Burger and I was not impressed. Their beer selection is good and their French fry selection was decent too. I would only recommend going here if you are looking to eat quick (because the place is EMPTY) and are craving beer and fries.
3	Two & a half stars. I feel bad giving this place a bad review because the old man owner seemed like a nice guy just trying to have a restaurant, but the bottom line is that the prices are a bit too high for food that is just good.The service was friendly, the beer selection was good, and there are multiple options for vegetarians which is pretty fantastic. I had the portobello mushroom and I love that I could choose fresh garlic and goat cheese as topping options. The garlic basil aioli that came with my burger was awesome - full of delicious pesto flavor. The bun is big and buttery. The fries have to be ordered separately, and they are good, but not $6 good. My fiance had the BBQ Burger and he said it was fine - not out of this world good but fine. Just overall my gut feeling is that it's a little too much to spend on a burger and fries. I'd have been just as happy with an in-n-out burger for a whole lot less.
2	Have had several great burgers here and the wine list is amazing however the reds by the glass are too warm. Visited this week and not only were the burgers sub-standard the server added $1 tip to BOTH our checks and after almost 24 hours they are not responding to email complaint.
2	Came here today for a late lunch to check off another burger place off my list.Now I'll start off with having a really nice server and a really nice, if blue, atmosphere. I had decided to ride my bike there today, to work off the burger pounds I'm probably putting on, and they let me take it inside. The place was mostly empty, but still a really nice gesture so I didn't have to leave my really expensive bike outside. They filled up my water really fast as well and were very attentive. Strange thing was that I seemed to get served by 2 people, so they both asked me the same things one after another. I ordered the blu burger ($12) and can say that it could be a lot better for the price. The toppings of onion, bacon and Gorgonzola cheese were really tasty and savory. Mine didn't come with an onion bun that I could tell but still was a really nice bun to eat. I think that bun might be the best one I've had so far during my burger adventures.  Unfortunately, the meat patty was extremely underwhelming. I don't know why they bothered asking me how I want my patty done (medium) because the thin ~1/4"  patty was well done yet still lukewarm. There wasn't much texture to it either. These things are really expensive too!  Usually this price will get you a burger and fries at least, but it costs something like $5 for fries. That's the price of a burger and fries at some other places. I'd be curious to try their kobe patty to see if it was any better, but probably not anytime soon.
