4	Had dinner there a couple of weeks ago with my wife,daughter and 2 grandkids. Everybody enjoyed the food and overall experience. Nice to know what to expect when traveling.
2	So-so.  We used to go here a lot but the quality started to go downhill.  My wife noticed it first.   I had a hard time admitting it because I liked this place but I had to after time.   The quality doesn't meet up to the price.   Their portions are smaller than we would like for the entrees and their flavors are absent.   The atmosphere of the place is typical "chain restaurant/sports bar".   Something we don't really like and consider somewhat cookie cutter and Sept 10.Sorry Applebee"s but we would rather go elsewhere for better atmosphere and quality.
1	Earlier today my friend & I ate here. She seemed to enjoy her meal. Mine tasted fine. Unfortunately I got in my car leaving Applebee's parking lot feeling extremely ill. I had to restrain from vomiting the entire ride home (this was my first meal of the day). I have been sick ever since I ate there.  Do not order the bruschetta salad. In fact, just do not go there. Period. Your stomach may thank you.  I called Applebee's to let them know, and the manager was very stoic and said an insurance company would contact me shortly. That's it. No apology. Nothing other than, 'what's your name and when did you come here?"So in summary, I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
5	The food was great, the service was excellent, and the price was reasonable.
2	I used to go here a lot with my son but when I switched my diet to lower fat dishes I was disappointed at the menu choices available at Applebee's. They sound good on paper, look good, and taste okay but the portions are so minuscule it's easy to see why they're so low-cal. Good in a pinch but watch the salsa. One time we got a bad batch and the tomatoes or something had turned - blech! Anyway, now that we're more into supporting local establishments, eating at chains is no longer part of the plan.
4	2 for $20 is still a great deal. A lot of TVs made it nice to watch the Badgers in the Big 10 championship game. Aubrey P. was a great server. Overall a great meal out!!
4	Had the Santa Fe salad (half order) and tomato soup.  Delicious!
2	My husband had the new 5-cheese Mac and Cheese with chicken. Looked pretty good and he said it was tasty.I however had the tried-and-true baby back ribs. Awful! Very dry to the point the meat was very cooked down and the ends were all but burned. They didn't even try to cover it up with globs of bbq sauce, which is a common stunt. Very BLEH... Won't ever get the ribs there again and highly dis-recommend them from others. Ew.
4	Someone at Applebee's upped the game.  their cedar salmon and roma tomato sirloin were amazing!
1	I couldn't believe the amount of sodium and the calories in the oriental chicken rollup I had yesterday!  I went to their corporate site and checked out the nutrition table they have posted (kudos for having it!).  1180 calories for the rollup - that doesn't count the fries, and 3220 mg of sodium - that's more that 50% over the recommended daily intake of 2000mg.  Last time I will ever eat at any Applebees.  They do have a 550 or less calories lunch menue, but not on weekends!!
2	Typical Applebee's. My boyfriend had a gift card to go here otherwise we definitely would've tried somewhere else. The food is just okay. We started with the white queso dip which is decent. The chips were hot which was a big plus. I had the Three Cheese Chicken Penne and it was meh. Not enough sauce and the chicken was on the grill for way too long. So dry! My boyfriend had their 9 oz sirloin and he said it was okay as well. However they gave him about a cup of sour cream with his mashed potatoes which was weird. We also had margaritas which you could hardly taste anything but a pre-made margarita mix. Bleh.Our server was super strange too...he was very busy talking to another table and it took a lot for us to get his attention. Place was kind of dirty. Our table was so sticky we were afraid to touch it.Meh meh meh meh meh.
