1	Eh, its a big store full of pre packaged pool care items so the products are fine, but for the love of all things good and holy please go to another Leslie's to buy your backyard water hole supplies!  The customer service at this place is astounding, and not in the gives you warm fuzzies way.  The sales folk will flat out lie to you about the products they sell either out of commission lust or utter bewilderment about the items in the store and how they work.  I recently went in to buy a $200+ piece of equipment with one and only one question: Does this unit have parts that I will need to replace at certain time intervals (ie every year) and was assured up and down with a little tap dance that no Ma'am, the price you pay now is all you'll pay for this lovely thing, it slices, it dices, it makes Julian eggo margaritas!  Well when I get the thing home the manual states that I can expect $50 a year in replacement proprietary battery packs and sensors, but the thing was written in English and not slimy sales-ees so perhaps he just thought the included paper was a napkin and wiped his drool with it rather than actually reading it.  Against my better judgement I go back today for some chemicals and ended up leaving with nothing except a vague feeling I should be glad I wasn't sent to my room.  After wandering the store for about 10 minutes and watching the clerk watch tv in the back I finally find half of what I'm looking for and pace back and forth in front of his hideout hoping he'll get the hint and ring me up.  When he finally glances up he makes the mistake of asking if I need anything else... and hey I do, so what better time to speak up!  I tell him I need some pool conditioner, and he suggests I bring in a water sample.  While the store is not infested with roaches or naked babies or drug cartel mafia it's still not exactly what I'd call my type of hangout, and if I can avoid spending my free time chumming it up at Leslie's I'd like to, so I let him know I'd just like to know where they keep the stuff.  Still, with a strong father knows best Daddy Pool Pro tells me I'm not quite ready for that information and he'll tell me what I need to know when I'm older (and bring in a water sample).  I've always heard that the third time is a charm so I give it another go, this time relenting that a poor misinformed lass like myself probably shouldn't buy this product I came in to buy, but golly gee I sure would at least like to know the name of the stuff so maybe when I'm not barefoot in the kitchen I can learn me some about it.  Luckily my weakness for knowledge was detected by my hero and Daddy swooped in to save the day again with the reassurance in his voice almost as palpable as a patronizing pat on the head. No No dear, Don't worry your pretty little head about it.  At that point I told dad I didnt need to borrow the car that night, and he could expect to be put in a cheap retirement home in mexico for his golden years. ;)  Really tho folks, treating your paying customers like children and withholding information about your products is the quickest way to bolster your database of ex-customers.  It would help if your employees knew a bit about the products they sell and didn't overtly lie to make a quick buck, but with service like this place has I'm guessing they have a lot more to worry about.
1	Decent location.  Rude employees... they only want to sell you stuff, not necessarily help you learn to minimize problems, and clearly returns are not a simple option.  We've been a customer here for a few years to maintain two pools.  For supplies and repairs we pay a few hundred every month.  Don't like how I'm treated by young man working morning/afternoon shift and have taken our business to a place where prices are much better and service is ample.They bought out Shasta Pools, good or bad, we'll limit our visits here to warranty stuff.
5	New manager with fast service and a well stocked store, lot's of help with pool problems. Great employees.ThanksLarry
5	Daniel helped me with my pool supplies, pool vac, pool pump, pool toys and was knowledgable and polite. I'm a new pool owner and this pool store is the 5th I've been to and the best! If you must go somewhere go here! It's next to Basha's and has covered parking and the best service!
5	Daniel was very helpful in laying out a plan to keep my pool clean and clear all year long. Great customer service. I will definitely be back soon.
5	I recently moved into a house with a pool. I have never had a pool before and was overwhelmed because the prior tenants left the pool a disgusting mess! I couldn't have asked for a better person to help me! Daniel made sure I knew exactly what to do to clean up the pool. He was very patient and made sure I left the store knowing exactly what I needed to do. I have had to come in quite a few times due to my lack of knowledge and even though I know I am driving Daniel crazy you wouldn't know it! He is ALWAYS nice, patient and doesn't make me feel like I am being rushed when the store is busy!  I will definitely be coming back and will recommend Daniel and his store to everyone I know!
1	Also went here and there phos free is 60 and everywhere else is 29.99. Wayyyy overpriced
