5	We moved from the mid-south.  We tried every Catholic church within a 30 min radius from Summerlin, and were beginning to despair as we just didn't feel the spirit in any of the churches in Vegas.  Luckily, we stumbled upon this church and by far, this is the best Catholic church in the area, even if it is in a high school theater.
5	We moved to the Centennial Hills area leaving behind a wonderful parish in Michigan. We searched other parishes in the area but none came close to the parish we left behind. Just when we began to worry that we would not find a comparable parish family, St. Anthony found us!  Father Bob and Father Steve are awesome. We look forward to being involved in our parish life again!
4	I began attending and registered when I moved here in 2010. Overall, this is a good parish, BUT the masses are held at Centennial High School as the church does not have a building and in the process of raising funds. Although this can be frustrating at times, Fr. Bob and Fr. Steve are amazing and the music is nice.One of the best things about this parish is the diversity. There are a number of younger families, singles, and middle aged whereas a lot of parishes have a more "mature" population. The only negative about the parish is due to being held at CHS, a lot of people do not take mass as serious as they should--ringing cell phones, attire, etc. Other than that, great parish!
1	I will never go back to this so called church and Priests!!!!!!Centennial High school is NOT a church and never will be. They don't do the Eucharist properly at mass, (because of it being a school) the way Jesus asked us to partake of him and he doesn't ask us for much! When I inquired about why the Sun 5:30 mass no longer served mass with both the wafer and wine (Body & Blood), they decided to just do mass that way with the change of Priests. I told him I was going to find another church that did, because I believed it was wrong. The Priest told me not to let the door hit me in the crack that God gave me. Great for a Priest to say!!!! Now I wonder what our kids are being taught by a priest like that? The last straw was a lonely cross being placed on the church land with NO intention of EVER allowing ANY PARISHIONERS to enter the property, so they could be close to Jesus and pray. We put a path and benches around so the parishioners could go down and sit with the cross, pray or just be close to Jesus. With our efforts, we were told to remove them and stay off the property, NO ONE WAS ALLOWED THERE!!!  I thought this was St. Anthony's land and we are St. Anthony's members, the ones who have generously given to build the church, yet we are NOT ALLOWED on the land and that the cross, which was placed there for us, was off limits!! Do you really want to be associated with a church that only cares about how much money they can get you to donate, doesn't care about their parishioners or the way masses should be done?
5	Fr. Bob and Fr. Steve are wonderful, kind and caring and I feel welcome at St. Anthony. Yes, the masses are at Centennial High School and I know that this must be sometimes frustrating, but we have a goal and one day we will have our building. In the meantime our family is being built and despite the hardship it will make those who go through the waiting even stronger.
5	My wife and have have attended numerous parishes in the valley.  There are differences between each and we tested three.  St Anthony's became our fit.  The folks who make up "our church" are wonderful.  We feel much more welcomed here and invited (not pressured) to join in.  With the most recent blessing from the Bishop to build a permanent home, St Anthony's is dropping anchor just a few blocks east of Centennial High.  How wonderful to be part of a parish looking for a home to a parish building a home.   May the Lord be with you and please join us at St Anthony's soon!
