4	The cocktails were 1 of a kind but pricey. Good thing for Travelzoo!!! Our mixologist was superb and he played GREAT music. The lighting and decor were amazing. I was happy to spend time there 2 nights in a row
5	Wow - fantastic!  We were disappointed the first night when we walked in at 10:45 and were told they were out of ice and had just had last call.  The second night a different bartender (Eddie) was very welcoming.  A friend and I enjoyed the Foreplay (shot for 2) - a decadent mix, the only thing I remember being Bailey's caramel cream, served in an edible chocolate cup.  Arguably the best deal on the menu.  When I couldn't find anything else I was eager to try, Eddie asked some questions and came up with a drink that included mango chile-infused vodka (hot, hot, hot!) and muddled strawberries and raspberries.  I can't remember what else he added, but it was awesome.Be warned, this small bar has only 6 seats, and even standing probably can't handle more than 8-10.  It's awesome, cool and definitely a must if you're in the Palms Casino!
5	I love interesting and well crafted cocktails that you can sit, enjoy and savor. This place did just that for me. The mixologist that was there (sorry didn't catch his name) was awesome. He answered all of our questions and gave his opinions on what might taste good. He made me this AWESOMELY DELICIOUS drink with the banana bread infusion that I highly recommend if you love banana flavors. It tasted like a banana chocolate covered strawberry. GET IT! It is no joke delicious. My bf got a drink made from the mango Chile (i think it was) that was also delicious. We are however, adventurous when trying things. The spice might not be for everyone. The setting was very intimate, with a touch of a Gothic feel. It makes for a great date night too. It was very small in there but you can take your drinks and walk around or go sit at the center bar.
4	Great little Bar! The key word here being "little". Six stools... that's it, but it really lends itself to the idea of Craft Cocktails. it also free's up the Bartender to provide outstanding personal service. One of the two nights we stopped in, we were the only two in the bar. Instead of feeling awkward, It felt like Eric was our own personal bartender. My favorite drink was the Rock 'N Rye.  Rock Candy and Roasted Pecan infused Bulleit Rye with a Dehydrated Orange Wheel served over an ice sphere. The coolest thing about this drink was how the flavor changed as the ice melted and the Orange re-hydrated.Wheelchair access to Scarlet is convoluted, to say the least. Open an almost unnoticeable door in the hallway that leads to the Palms Pool. Go up a short, dimly lit ramp, through a door that actually enters the restaurant N9NE, exit through N9NE's front door, onto a landing above a staircase, turn left, enter Scarlet. Whew!!! You know I liked the drinks if I was willing to deal with that twice in 4 nights!
5	We had such a good time here. I got the pop rock shots and my husband had an espresso drink, and then switched to straight vodka. The atmosphere is so pretty. We actually went two nights, and the bar tender not only remembered us but remembered it was my birthday vacation. His name was Eddy and he was probably one of the nicest bartenders we have ever come accross. I can't wait to come back. Glad we came.
2	I was excited to try this place, and it has so much potential. I found it on a yelp search, I was looking for bars that serve Fever Tree Tonic. I don't frequent the Palms, so I figured a cocktail before depeche mode would be the perfect time. This place is tucked in a corner near N9NE. It's really sexy inside, intimate, red lighting and a large red candelabra centerpiece. Only 4 stools at the bar. I ordered a Gin & Tonic with Bombay Sapphire East. I watched him make it, it was one part gin and ten parts tonic. For $14 (plus a $3 tip) I basically paid for a bottle of tonic. Bummer. I really wanted to like this place, so I decided to give them another try after the concert, I chose the infused vodka flight. Mango Chile was really good, but the other two, Ginger, Cherry, Strawberry and Peppar Blanco were terrible. I couldn't get them down. Eddie, the bartender, asked me what I thought, I told him I liked Mango Chile, but the other two I couldn't drink.  A decent bartender would've offered to change out the two I didn't like. Sorry, I don't mind paying for a good hand crafted cocktail, but I didn't find that here.
5	This is a TINY bar, but my two friends and I had so much fun here (it helped that the drinks were so good that we kept on ordering more).The bar probably seats 6-7 at most, but that means that if you have one of the few seats at the bar, it's easy to get the bartender's attention.  We were served immediately.  I started off with a drink off the menu, which was decent but nothing fantastic.  What was fantastic was when my friend asked for a fruity drink and the bartender made her a Passion Fruit Mojito.  It was so delicious that she ordered myself and her husband one...then a second one...and maybe a third for each of us.   He told us he mixed the fruit concoctions there, so it will be hard for me to find again!  The bartender also gave us a shot with house-infused vodka, which was also tasty (and spicy). Overall I loved this bar and if I find myself staying at the Palms again, I will definitely re-visit this place.
5	The Scarlet Bar was the high point of my recent stay at the Palms. A tiny little bar(about 6 stools) tucked off in the corner of the casino near N9NE Steakhouse that offer hand crafted and hand muddled cocktails made by a mixoligist. We happened upon Scarlet on a Thursday afternoon by mistake and by the time we checked out on Monday morning three of us had probably consumed 40 drinks from Scarlet.  These drinks are so good that even though we were gambling(alot) and could have got free drinks all day but we would keep walking over to Scarlet to pay full price for their cocktails. They have a good specialty cocktail menu but they will create anything you want, I suggest having them whip up something special for you based on your tastes. Our favorite was something made with Pimm's, hand muddled strawberries and cucumbers, very refreshing. Drinks are not cheap, about $14-$16 a piece but worth every penny in my opinion.
5	I can't say enough about this little gem. It's SO easy to miss walking through the hotel, but my friend and I bought a four for the price of two drink special so we thought we would just stop in for a little while prior to going to Ghostbar. We ended up staying here for a WHILE. There are only six or so chairs so we got there early to claim our spot. The drinks were fancy and a little overwhelming so we asked for recommendations from the fantastic bartender Daniel and he made us some AWESOME drinks. We even came back to Scarlet AFTER going to Ghostbar! Just a great place with excellent service.
3	One of the smallest bars that ever was, Scarlet Bar is worth checking out if you are in the Palms and looking for a craft cocktail in a sexy red dress...I'm just not sure I would go out of my way to end up here.3.5 Stars for drinks, crimson concept, and vermilion appeal...a little less for the size and place.Scarlet bar is the cardinal guy that talks a little too often about how it's not the size of the ship, but rather, the motion of the blood-red ocean that matters.  SB is tiny small and their drinks don't rock my rusty boat quite enough to make up for it.  They are however leaning towards the more elevated craft cocktail style that is vastly superior to what the ordinary bars in the Palms are spitting out.  They have a couple of inventive/playful shot combinations for couples looking to play around with sanguine, rose, cinnamon, or cherry drink options.  These are more about the idea of doing something clever with a significant other than anything else and I can certainly curtail my snobbish drinking tendencies enough to embrace this.  There are certainly better options around town though--even N9NE right next door has the ability with their wider variety of bottles to put out better drinks, but SB is a room as red as the female cochineal, that invites you in for an experience.For the record I was told recently that it may take a while to get from New York to London in a large vessel, but it takes even longer in a rowboat.
5	This bar is awesome! My friends and I stumbled in here post dinner at N9NE Steakhouse one night. Don't blink because you might miss it! It's definitely small in size but with you and a few friends its quite cozy. The bartenders are amazing. The drinks are amazing. I asked the bartender to whip me up something and gave him an idea of what I liked. What resulted was an amazing drink and I ended up asking him how to make it because I wanted to take the deliciousness home with me.A+ all around!
