1	If you love your wife - DO NOT USE - Rude!A dealing from HELL! If i could rate this business in a negative I would do so! My wife booked a bus in April for a wedding that wouldn't take place until June 16th. The bride cancelled the wedding so we called to cancel the reservation and get our deposit back of $269. The man was very rude and said we do not offer refunds. But they would make an exception. It would take up to 14 days.Days passed past the 14 days so we dicided to call and see what was going on. The man said it would take up to 6-8 weeks. We said that was not going to happen. It does not take that long to charge a card back. Asked to speak with the owner. He said NO. You will speak with me!Wife told him that he could refund our money. He said we don't even offer refunds you are lucky I am doing this for you. By the end of the conversation he was yelling at my wife. Said he was not going to refund the money. (it states right on their website that they will refund you the money. We even took a screenshot of it.) Then before haning up he called my wife a F***ER.
1	The absolute worst experience ever!  We were celebrating our friend's bachelor party, when they arrived (35 min late) they would only take cash (should have known something was fishy), we paid them and got on.  The arrangement was for $950, we would have the bus from 9:00pm to 2:00am, and the bus would take us to 4 strip clubs with COMPED (free) access.  The first club we went to, the bus driver told us it would be an additional $30 each per person to enter the club, with 2 free drinks.  We disputed for a few minutes, but then said 'what the hay' and paid the money.  The 2nd club we went to... same deal, and we had enough.  We refused to go in and wanted to talk with the manager because this was not what we paid for.  The manager was extremely rude, and tried to come up with a sleezy round about way of explaining "the $950 you paid gets you comped access but we can't control the strip club and they are a business and have to make money too"  In other words, the entry is not free, and the company FALSELY ADVERTISES.  The manager got into a shouting match with us on the phone and when we asked for a refund, they refused and CALLED THE POLICE on us.  We gladly welcomed the police because they were ripping us off.  The manager arrived 10 minutes later and started yelling, saying "the police are coming because you threatened the safety of the driver, and you are going to be arrested".  End result, the police came, and obviously no one was being threatened, and we reviewed the contract we signed, and the contract says NOTHING about free access, so we couldn't do anything about it.  CAUTION:  review everything you sign with this company, and beware of paying cash because you will not get it back.
1	If Yelp had a negative 5 Star rating, that is what i would use.  This is without question the worst limo company I have ever been associated with.  We were in Las Vegas for a wedding with a large party and Alex at V Transport changed the terms of our contract the day of the wedding and sent us a smaller limo that required the driver to make multiple trips.  The bride was in tears and almost missed her scheduled time at the wedding chapel.We tried to work something out with Alex, but he was consistently rude and hung up on us multiple times.  He was clearly not interested in rectifying the situation after he ruined our friend's wedding.Words of wisdom, stay away from V Transport if you require transportation in a punctual and timely manner.
1	Maybe the reason these guys are surly is because their consistently poor customer service is causing them to get consistently bad reviews which lead to consistently fewer customers. Unfortunately, the poor service is the only thing about them that is consistent. They made my friend's wedding stressful by failing to honor the terms of their contract on the day of her wedding, then gave her attitude for being upset. To judge from the other reviews this was not the first time.  Maybe they should get a job at a telemarketing company or something so they can be paid to piss people off, which is closer to their core competency than providing courteous and punctual transport.
1	I also wish I could give a negative star rating for this company. Here is the short and not so sweet of my story.2 party buses were reserved for my wedding 2 months prior to the date. 1 1/2 weeks before I was cancelled for my current booking, and was asked to move my wedding and my dinner time around to accommodate their new availability. I was basically backed into a corner, and booked the party buses just 1 way instead of round trip (because this was now all they had available) 1 1/2 hours prior to my wedding ceremony because that was the time they could do it.2 min before the scheduled pickup time as I am scrambling to get ready I get a call saying their 30 person vehicle had broken down, and they only had a 20 person vehicle available. I started getting upset, and the manager Alex threatened to hang up on me, and not help me at all. He then told me they would do trips with the 20 person vehicle to get my passengers to the wedding. When the vehicle was 40 min late, and I called to check on the status, Alex hung up on me! My guests made the wedding by mere minutes and only because I begged for the ceremony to be held off.I was a mess for the hours leading up to the ceremony, and couldn't shake my stress level even when the ceremony had started. I feel like Alex ruined my special day! And to top it off, he STILL charged me for both vehicles, and refused to give me a refund!DON'T USE THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	What a miserable company filled with miserable employees with a miserable work ethic. On what should have been my very good friend's happiest day - her wedding - the management in this outfit decided it was easier to be difficult, rude and unaccommodating. Late and in extreme breech of contract, V Transportation, chose to go out of their way to ruin a very special day, rather than operate with honesty, dignity or any semblance of professionalism. Special day or a simple night on the town? I do not recommend you choose this company to cater to any event that you have in mind. Pass on them with extreme confidence.I would provide negative stars if I had the option. I was present for this debacle and was not impressed in the least with their practices.
1	Horrible company with a even worse attitude.  Amazed that they are still in business.
1	This company sucks. I've never been so upset over a lack of customer service by any one company in my life. WARNING: If you go with this company, you're on your own. The possibility of you being left curb side with no transportation is great. Poor customer service is guaranteed.My wife had requested this limo service for out wedding well in advance. Several weeks after booking, one week prior to our wedding, the limo service asked us to change our wedding plans and restaurant reservations to accommodate their lack of planning...they could no longer honor our reservation. So, we squared things away in which V Transportation would pick us up but we would have to take taxis back. For a party of 41 thats a lot of taxis but we went forward with the plans regardless. On the day of our wedding, about 5 minutes before pick-up, they called saying they couldn't accommodate us yet again. After hanging up on my wife-to-be several times they decided to make several trips with the one bus they had. Good job V Transportation, you almost got away with ruining what is supposed to be the most memorable day of our lives. Now we will remember you as being the the WORST COMPANY EVER.So I wonder what the "V" in V Transportation is for. Words like Volatile and Vacillating come to mind but perhaps they should just go ahead and change their name all together. Lack of Transportation or just plain Unreliable would suite them much better.There are a ton of limo services in Vegas. I suggest going with any one of those, take a taxi or walk before going with V Transportation.
1	Surprise, surprise....it only had one star when I looked it up today. If only I had read these reviews before I hired these bone-heads. Honestly, this company's practices are criminal, shady, duplicitous...I could go on and on.They have the worst customer service I have ever witnessed. The bottom line is there are many great transportation companies in Las Vegas. Avoid this one at all costs and you will save yourself a lot of trouble (dealing with rude representatives, cancelations of your charter the day of the event, etc.) They should be shut down immediately by the Better Business Bureau. If you are reading this V Transportation : SUCK IT!
1	V Transportation is a: terrible, scamming, potentially trip ruining, rude, unaccomodating, worthless, cheap, lying, no-good, rotten, low-life, dirt-eating, slime-ball, inbred, overstuffed, ignorant, blood-sucking, dog-kissing, brainless, sackless, hopeless, heartless, fat-assed, bug-eyed, moronic, worm-headed, sack of monkey pooped & son of a motherless goated company.   Do you get the picture?
1	Terrible, inconsiderate employees and service!
1	The worst. Id rather go to Vegas and spend the entire time vomiting in my hotel room than deal with these people.
1	I was part of a wedding party that hired this company.  My experience: the one bus--not two as promised, the second cancelled by the owner of the company because of his own mistake only a couple hours before the event--showed up massively late.  Of course, we booked two because we had too many people for one, so the driver had to take two trips.  I was on the second trip, which made it only a minute before the beginning of the ceremony.In addition, I heard the owner was extremely rude and unprofessional, and hung up on the person who booked the service multiple times.  He has offered nothing in return for completely screwing up the situation, not even a simple refund for a bus that never came.Suffice it to say, save yourself the trouble and don't use this company.
1	These guys are crooks!.  Had a party of over 15 people.  They changed the price from $1200 to $3200 (after we had already paid the amount) because our 10 hour reservation was only permitted to drive within a three (3) mile radius of the strip!  Claimed there were taxes, fees, tariffs and surcharges.  Huh?Run away!!!  Run away!! My party was left standing in the middle of a parking lot 4 blocks off the strip because we would not pay the ransom.  Got a different bus company and SAVED $400 off the original quote...Not the ransomed amount...the quote.   Wish I would have read yelp first.  Luckily my credit card company agreed with the dispute.  But these guys would not refund the full amount we paid (for 10 hours) even though we drive 1/2 mile and used 1 hour.  Crooks!Hey Yelp.. please allow negative ratings.
1	We used V Transportation for our group of ~20 people during a festival.  Interacting with V Transportation was a miserable experience for everyone.  As the other reviews suggest, DO NOT use them.At first, the driver was inflexible about pick up and drop off times, threatening to leave members of our group behind when we were not all at the right place at exactly the right time.  But that was not the worst of it.Our driver literally screamed and pointed his finger at our coordinator for giving him directions on when to pick us up.  He was extremely upset that a young woman from out of town was giving him orders and insisted upon only speaking with the male members in our group.  When he yelled at our female coordinator in front of the entire group, he made her promise repeatedly that she would never call him again.  He screamed several times that he had rights too, and that a woman should not be contacting him ever again to coordinate our pick up times.  Obviously the driver's actions were entirely inappropriate and most likely illegal.The driver yelled at male members of our party as well.  We were never disrespectful; we even followed their demands to pay them in advance in cash.  The driver took his anger out on our group and made the experience a lot less fun for everyone.
1	Listen to all the one star reviews. This service is a terrible, if not an outright scam. They demanded cash up front, got angry at us for no reason, then almost refused to drive some of us back to our hotel. Avoid them at all costs.
1	We also experienced two "bus breakdown" events.  First time was to justify a 45-minute delay of our pickup time.  Second time we were asked if we could allow another group who was returning from the same festival to merge because their bus with the same company had "broken down".  Luckily we had the extra space and the other group was small and friendly. Looking at past reviews, it seems like they use "Sorry a bus broke down" as a common ploy to simplify their own logistics.  And another little surprise:  Day of the event, we got a last minute demand to pay the entire $4000 booking in cash.
1	Stay away.. My Mistake for not using yelp when booking this company.  I only search using google.  They are ripoff artist.  Charged extra to have dancer on the party bus.  Wanted to take us to the strip club at the end but that is not what I asked for from the beginning.
1	Yep.  I'm another one who wishes that I had read Yelp before booking this company for my daughter's wedding.  Same experiences that all the others have had.  The driver (Sean - not his real name, I'm certain) was horrible to my guests, tried to get extra money from them, delayed our trip by refusing to let the guests on the bus without the balance paid in cash (all of this happening while I was in another location with the bride), even though he had my credit card on file and could have easily charged the balance (or let me pay the balance at the chapel).  Also, I was not told that if I paid the balance in less than 48 hours before the event, I would have to pay in cash.  Yes, a scam - if they were serious about getting the balance in advance, they would send an email with this information.  He then tried to get the few extra guests we had pay $30 each to get on the bus and told my guests that they would have to clean the bus themselves (we're talking a few champagne bottles and some beer bottles) or I would have to pay extra for cleanup.  The nightmare stories go on and on...bottom line, he was a horrible man and this was the worst service experience I have ever had.
1	I wish I would have read the prior reviews before I made the great mistake of hiring this company. We missed our flight so I immediately tried reaching Vegas Transportation leaving them a quick voicemail asking them to check their email for new flight info. I emailed them letting them know I was coming in on another flight. While I was up in the air they contacted my office and my secretary confirm we had missed our flight. Once I arrived I contacted them and the owner straight out told me, I had to pay for new service. To top it off, they told my credit card company they did provide the service to us and I am currently fighting payment. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY - NO CUSTOMER LOYALTY OR SERVICE
1	Horrible company!!  DO NOT BOOK!  They were upset with the simplest questions, the man then told me he didn't care or need my business.  He was cursing and claimed that he would put my phone on their block list so I wouldn't call back for my refund!
