3	Tonight, the owners and partners invited family, friends, and nearby business members for a grand opening party. Wonderful turnout and everything was on point. The staff was attentive and friendly, the food was constantly coming out fresh, and the drinks were pouring! The restaurant is beautiful! I had never been into the establishment that was here prior, but I've been told that it's basically the same layout. It's much larger than it looks from the outside; it has four separate dining areas and an open bar area that is just all-around inviting. Gorgeous fixtures and I love the privacy of two of the dining rooms. Also, the patio dining area is very nice! Oh, and they have a bad ass digital jukebox music player thing in the bar area, very cool.We had the opportunity to sample a few of their dishes, however, I feel that I can't fairly judge them on mass production or catering/buffet-style (when they're not meant that way). Overall, everything was good. We tried their pasta with meat sauce (pretty sure it was Bombardoni pasta), meatballs in marinara, Italian sausage and peppers, three types of pizza, calamari, mozzarella sticks, Antipasti, and desserts. The pasta was good, but I didn't care for the meat in the sauce. Same with the meatballs and the sausage (although the sausage was better). Marinara was good and complemented the fresh calamari. They did completely different types of pizza, but common was the yummy dough. I liked the thinner crust version better and one had a sesame bottom like a hamburger bun that was actually fun and yummy! The desserts weren't exciting, but I did really enjoy the apple turnover.Great experience, however, the food was just okay for me. I definitely like the location and the atmosphere. And it's certainly a nice place to drink and relax. Anyway, I'll be back to try some of my favorite Italian dishes and reevaluate my feelings about the food.
1	The food does not have the good Italian taste that we have become so accustomed to in the area. Our party had 5 adults and all had something different, all we're not satisfied, none will return here. Don't waste your money and time. Nice building and location to bad!
1	So disappointed:(  food was horrible, cold and bland! Ordered a glass of wine and the bartender studied the pour making sure it was 4oz. Don't waste your money!!! Go across the street to the pasta shop!
4	Food was great...Love that they have a $10.00 menu for dinner...Great for seniors......
1	We sat at the bar playing poker and after losing about 180.00 we asked to see a menu. the asian girl gave us two menus and never asked us what we wanted. Just came over and took menus away. There was only about 6 people at the bar and two bartenders. It's a shame that the owners spent all that money on remodeling. Maybe they should train the wait staff to greet people and introduce themselves and ask if they need anything. They did comp my two beers and my boyfriends one beer and a soda,but I think every establishment in Nevada with gambling does that!!
3	Husband is a food snob, has sent back so many meals, but we were pleasantly surprised. Started with Calamari, nicely done, and all rings, no  tentacles, then had sausage and banana pepper appies, with melted cheese on top, need to get the recipe, perfect for sharing. Ordered off the $10 menu. The pork chop Marsala was so tender and tasty, served over homemade papadelle pasta, homemade cheese ravioli, perfect rounds filled with goodness, and chicken pomodoro, bursting with flavor and so moist. The servers could not have been nicer. I plan to hold a large luncheon there after our experience.
2	First impression of the place, it looks very nice, staff was friendly although seemed very confused at times.First impression of food, bread, HUGE FAILURE, not homemade, not warm, not worth being served in an Italian restaurant.  Something you can buy at Smith's.  mentioned to our server, got a hmmm response.Second point, the server came and grabbed a glass of wine off the table she thought was empty, it was not, yet she still walked away very fast.......RUDE!!!!The staff stand in the dining room and talk to each other as if they are life long friends hanging out rather then staff working in a restaurant with CUSTOMERS.Next, she brought us the bill before she asked if we wanted desert???The food was ok, not the best Italian food I have ever had, but what can you expect from a menu that shares itself with hamburgers, sandwiches, BBQ beef, French dip???The sauce they use for the pasta and lasagna was really good sauce.  They do have a menu of $10 items.So why the two stars, well that would have to be the ok food and less then on service.  We asked the server if the salmon was Wild or Farm raised, she did not know, went to ask and came back saying it was Atlantic???We asked towards the end if the meal if the owner was there to which we were told the owners son was, but instead we got a girl who said she was the manager.  The issues with this place become more and more obvious each step of the way.So let me say here, the common ground between this location and the one on Durango, especially in reading other reviews, is the service and when you meet the manager, you understand why....poor leadership results in poor service.  So let me continue.We first share with her about the bread and the answer we got was "Oh, that is not our normal bread, we normally have this really good italian bread baked in our oven and served at the table.  We did not get our delivery, so we had to go out and buy bread".  I said it was not warm and when we asked our server about it, no answer was given.  The manager said that was odd and that the server should have been able to answer that question. We then asked about the Salmon and again, the manager did not know the answer.  So, who is ordering the food???  The server who I would not expect to know the answer unless asked often, went in the back and they did not know the answer and now the manager of the place does not know the answer.  That says a lot about quality in itself.  Then we told her about the wine glass incident mentioned above and the manager's response, "she did that, I am really surprised because she has been with us for a long time and is one of our best servers, also she is sometimes the bartender so she should have known better".I did not need any other examples as I have seen enough especially if I am being told my server is the BEST they have and there was NO COMPASSION for the customer, just constant justification on behalf of the server, WOW.   Nothing more needs to be said about this place other then they do have OK food and many who don't care about quality will go here, but if you want real NY style Italian food, there is a place in the same shopping center and one a block east at the stop light on the right.Lastly, the tables have a cloth table cloth with a sheet of paper on top.  The table next to us had a HUGE STAIN on it, which I have a picture of and after the people got up and left, all that was changed was the paper.  The cloth with the LARGE stain stayed on the table.  If this ends up being the only place open, I guess Italian will not be on my menu
1	We were very hungry for Italian so we decided to try the newly opened  Italian restaurant called Giuseppe's.  We were greeted bu a hostess wearing extremely short  shorts, which were inappropriate for any restaurant serious about food..Our waitress could not answer the simplest questions about the menu items.  She explained that she only knows what the owners tell her and that it was not her fault she didn't know much.  OK that she didn't know much but she never brought the manager over to answer our questions.  This was surprising/disappointeding.  . The wine that should have been served at room temperature but was about 40 degrees and when I mentioned it to the manager he just shrugged his shoulders, smiled and walked away.The food was the worst Italian I've had in years, maybe ever.  The check for my wife and I was $93 and we couldn't even choke it down.  We paid gave a 10% tip and left our food uneaten.  The meal was not worth eating and we'll never go back, suggest you stay clear of this place.  BTW - this is my first negative review WOK
1	My husband and I went to the Giuseppes  on Horizon Ridge, twice, and both times we were very upset.  The waitress put us in a booth, which had crumbs all over the seat, and the cushion fabric was torn. WE brought it to her attention, and her reply was for the crumbs was "Well there must have been kids sitting there before you." OK, that is NOT an answer to a customer, when the waitress should check her area before putting a new guest in the same seat.  She moved us to the next booth, and there were crumbs there also!  But the worst was the booth that was torn in the cushion, was still torn 3 weeks later.  Our food was very bland, the pizza had a blah taste.  The sauce tasted like it is bottled and the food was a frozen item.  We will never return there, seems like management is lacking good training.In the future we will take the long drive to Giuseppes on Durango, where their food is always excellent and the staff is knowledgeable and professional.    Sorry!
4	I am very surprised by all the negative reviews of this restaurant. I have dined here several times with zero complaints. The pasta dishes are very tasty and the calzone was wonderful. We have had great service all three times, even while they were busy. Maybe they are still working out the kinks of a very new place and have some bad moments but none received on my end.
1	Recently my wife and I had dinner on a Friday night at Giuseppe's. We had been there several times before, but this last visit has left a bad taste in our mouths! Firstly, there was no hostess at the front desk and waited quite awhile before she showed up. Some disgruntled patrons split, didn't like waiting. After we  finally got seated, it took approximately 15 minutes before we were attended to. 3 more parties were seated and we still hadn't received bread or water EVEN after the parties that were seated AFTER us did. We ordered and requested salads, one w/o black olives, an allergy reaction to them, and ordered our entrees. Well, needless to say, entrees arrived before the salads and Both had black olives! We remained steadfast to enjoy our meals and overlook mistakes! I cut into my crusted chicken and it was pink and under-cooked. I ate around it not wanting to complain again and by this time we were ready to leave. Sorry, I don't usually review restaurants., but you need to know it didn't work for us. Won't be back. Word to the wise, a few other restaurants at your location didn't make it. You need to step it up.
5	Came in for happy hour. Wow, this place is amazing! We had calamari (my fave),  wings, procuitto, mozzarella salad, and eggplant parmigiana. The food was fresh, well prepared and very tasty, and the portions were a good size. There were 2 of us and we couldn't even come close to finishing it all! It's a family owned and operated place and the service was exceptional, and very friendly. They had a really great looking menu with some $10 dinners but we couldn't get past the apps! We will be back soon and this place will be on our regular rotation now.
5	Amazing food and service!  Very clean restaurant!  I will go back soon.
5	Disregard the negative reviews and take it from someone hard to please...This restaurant should be your first choice for Italian. I did as I usually do and sample a dish with an Alfredo base. If an Italian restaurant can't do Alfredo right I never return. Long story short...it was the best Fettuccine Alfredo I'd ever had. The service was top notch and the experience far better than the price tag indicated. As I looked around I saw a lot of happy faces. I will definitely be back.
4	Great chopped salad!  Outdoor area is quaint and has a beautiful view.  I've been there twice, the first time the service was pretty bad-our waitress was a mess, but the second time was the service was excellent.  The ambience and the salad will keep me coming back.
5	Looking for a place to eat at 9:30pm on a Tuesday night, wanted some hearty decent food.  Decided to give this place another shot because the Dining area closes at 10:00pm, but the Bar & Patio are open 24/7.  Not unusual in this town, HOWEVER, the ENTIRE menu is available 24/7, NOW that is UNUSUAL.So we went in and ordered the Antipasto platter for TWO.  Should have known by my last visit how this place does things.  This appetizer plate was an entire meal, 4 meats, 2 cheeses, one bowl of Olives, peppers and hearts, WOW.  It was AMAZING.The place was not crowded, Mike and Brittany made sure we had everything we needed.  We also ordered a house salad and two chicken dishes which came home for the next day.  Great food, GREAT late night Happy Hour Specials, 1/2 price drinks, pizza & Food. There are a lot of places open 24/7 in this town, but few bars if any other then this place with a full dinner menu available.WHY IS THIS PLACE NOT PACKED?  Great bar area, great patio area (hard to find), Great people, and Very Good food.  An Antipasto platter for two, $15.99 and a few drinks, your set for the night.Show this place some love, because that's what they show you.  Great job, we will be back.
5	We came here with my family. There were 7 of us. We were very happily surprised. From the bread to the salad to the main dish, everything was fantastic. Chrystal was our server and she was great. We had 6 different dishes out of 7 people and we were all raving about how good everything was. Happy to find anther place close to home. We will definitely be coming back!
3	Took an order to go and found the spaghetti and meatballs to be pretty good.  That was about it.  House salad was sub par and the bread tasted like they picked it up from the grocery store.
5	Came highly recommended by a friend who is a restaurant connoisseur.Here we go;Drinks from the bar, appetizers, entree and dessert were all amazing.  The service was excellent, and the owner even came by our table just to make sure we were satisfied.Great experience!  We will be back...
4	We stopped for lunch to give it a try - there was one other table in the dining room and the bar had several people in it.  We opted for the dining room, had a great waitress who walked us through the menu since it was our first time at the restaurant.  The waitress was excellent.  The room filled up and she was busting it to keep it all moving and did a great job.  We ordered sandwiches and both were fantastic.  The only downside was it seemed like there was some kind of issue with the kitchen and it took longer than you would think for a couple of sandwiches at lunch time.  They were absolutely worth waiting for once we got them.  I had the beef on weck and it was delicious!  We'll be back - look forward to giving dinner a try in the near future.
3	The Happy Hour Menu is great. Even though it's not on happy hour the Wedge Salad is awesome! Great flavor and great value. Good food and service. Defiantly recommend them. Lots of specials too.
5	My father is a retired executive chef. With that said I'm picky about my Italian food, I was blown away with their linguini in a white clam sauce, it was absolutely amazing. The dish reminded me of my fathers cooking. I will definitely be back!!!
4	I am really kicking myself for not trying this place sooner.  Very good food, great service, upscale atmosphere (yet casual) and exceptionally reasonable prices.  The restaurant reminds me of Ventano's in terms of food quality, service and atmosphere albeit without the Strip view and at much lower prices.  In fact, Giuseppe's prices are more in line with Carrabbas; however, the food, service and atmosphere are a far better at Giuseppe's.  I would definitely recommend the meat sauce (versus the marinara) - as close to a homemade "Italian" sauce as I've come since living abroad.  Appetizers and desserts are also good but the entree is more than most people can handle.  Not uncommon for the owner to check in table-side.  If I'm looking for a nice Italian meal out without getting over dressed and dropping a lot of cash, this would be my first choice.  Note - this location is slightly off the Horizon Ridge and Eastern intersection -- at 2630 Horizon Ridge about 0.25 miles east of Eastern Ave.   Reservations are possible; however, the wait is never long.
4	Really enjoyed the dinner. Great service and staff. Had sausage and peppers with penne. My wife had the lasagna. Really large portions. Will definitely return.
4	I really love this place, I just wish they had better service at lunch time....they only have one server who is running & trying to keep up.  There is another girl her, but she is not a good server at all....The food was great as always, you really cannot go wrong here.  They have a great $10 menu and most of the food here is under $10.  They have some items in the $15 range and a little higher, but everything here has always been good.The only thing that has not been good here is the service and that is hit and miss.  It depends on when you go and who you get.  They only have like 3 really good servers, a few ok and one really, like wow how did you become a server?I recommend this place for you to try and give your opinion.  It is a fun place with a restaurant and bar side as well as some private rooms and a patio area.I like this place and we will be back several times.
4	The atmosphere is great. The bartenders are friendly and the food is amazing!The other night I ordered the Insalada Caprese . My boyfriend ordered the chicken fingers with fries. The salad was delicious! The right size and had great flavor. The fries were amazing! They were fresh cut and not frozen. He got the chicken fingers mild I prefer spicy but it was still just as good and juicy.Tonight my boyfriend ordered the California club breakfast burrito and won't stop raving about how good it is. This will be our new late hang out. Love the great specials and deals they offer.
5	This is one of our favorite places in town.  We have never been disappointed by the food and this continues through this visit.  The potato skin appetizer is amazing, my mother-in-law's favorite.  We also had the Ribeye and it was amazing.  The Ribeye was very well seasoned and cooked to perfection which was our request.  The quality of the meat tasted really good too.I cannot say enough about this place other then it is one of our favorites.  Also, if you are on a budget, this is the perfect place.  Where else in town can you get excellent food for $10 or less.  There are dishes $20+ which of course is the Ribeye, but most all other dishes are in the $15 range or less.This is a place you have to try several times....
5	The staff is amazing.  Super kid friendly.  Not a kid atmosphere but they do have a kids menu.  Everyone was super nice and the food was very good.  Glad we stopped  by.   I'm sure we will be back.
3	very good food very authentic. & I know growing up in the Bronx New York.it's a little bit pricey for what you get but one big suggestion... upgrade your bread. I took one star away simply because the bread is the farthest thing from authentic  Italian bread I have ever had.that alone will keep me from coming back
4	If I am going to stay true to my reviews I have to continue to be honest in what I say.  I cannot say this was a 5 star visit today.  Last time here we ordered the Ribeye and I spoke of the quality of the meat.  I am not sure what happened between visits, today was the complete opposite side of the spectrum.  The Ribeye was full of fat and I  not talking about the good fat which normally comes with the ribeye.  This steak was very chewy and the fat was tough and could not be eaten.  This steak was so opposite from the last time, we chose to send it back.  My wife ordered the chopped steak instead and once the plate was ready to come to the table, the guy working the line checking plates before they leave let this plate sit on the window for almost 5 minutes before it was brought to the table.  We were very clear with our server that this was not the fault of the cooks as they can only work with what they are given, so this was a very confusing visit for me tonight. Everything else ordered was fantastic as we were a party of four and all was good until we decided to bring the slip in quality to the server and the management.  The server did her best to give superb service which she did, but the management seemed to take the constructive criticism in a negative way instead of using it as an opportunity to show they really cared.  They did take the steak off the bill but avoided our table never coming to follow up or find out any more information.Our server Teresa was awesome and did all the right things a restaurant should do, it's just sad the management did not do the same.
4	Our first visit to Giuseppe's was a Friday evening. We were headed to another restaurant in the area but decided to try this place instead. I'm glad we did. I liked the ambiance of the place, and the food was very good. I had a chicken pasta dish from the $10 specials menu. It was tasty, but not extraordinary. What was amazing was the wedge salad. It's hard to find a great wedge in town, and this place has it! The other outstanding attribute about this place was our server Pam! What a warm, friendly lady! She really did enhance our dining experience that evening. We will definitely return!
5	My favorite restaurant! The Linguini and Clam Pasta & Calamari is to die for!  Service is exceptional, too.
5	Guiseppe's is not only a great neighborhood Italian Grille with great food and a bar....They are amazing at Party trays too!  We had our Cousins wedding reception at our home Saturday 05/10/14. DELICIOUS!  Out family is Italian, so it is hard to please them with food not made at home-but everyone raved about how delicious everything was...rigatoni with marinara sauce, penne with chicken alfredo, Yummy Italian sausage with peppers/onions, fantastic large meatballs and perfectly prepared antipasti platters!  Vince Patella was so helpful and followed through on all promises!I will choose them over and over again!  Grazie
2	We were craving Italian tonight and were looking to try a new spot so of course I went to Yelp for help. Its really sad when you search for Italian food and Fazoli's and Olive Garden are in the top 10. We decided to try Giuseppe's since it was close by and we have driven by it several times wanting to try it. We were greeted quickly and sat down in the main restaurant. There is also a separate bar which is attached but enclosed. I wasn't expecting much with the "24 hour gaming" sign out front but must admit the decor and ambiance inside was very nice. They had an open kitchen which I usually like, but we could see the cooks wearing backwards baseball caps. Not a very professional image when in view of customers. Our waitress arrived within a few minutes. We had to ask about any specials since she didn't mention any, even though we told her it was our fist time there.  They had a Tuscan trio which was Fettuccine Alfredo, Parmesan chicken and eggplant parm. She asked if we wanted a salad so we chose a ceasar. The salad came quickly but it was very sad looking. Just some lettuce thrown on a plate with some croutons and a couple shavings of cheese. It was very dry as well. The entree came and was presented nicely. The Parmesan chicken was cooked well and was pretty good. The other two were very bland. The eggplant parm was extremely bland, even with cheese and tomato sauce on it, it had no seasoning. The alfredo was also very bland. I ate about half my meal and that was enough for me. Quite disappointing. Our bill came and $4.00 was added for the salads. I don't care that it was only $4.00 but I do care since we were told soup or salad came with dinner. When I asked our waitress she said the special did not come with salad and she apologized for not being clear on that. I guess our search of great authentic Italian food will continue.
4	Still a great place with great food, great drinks, good service, friendly people and now they have a loyalty program in which you earn rewards which you can use as cash.$10 menu with good choices or the regular menu, it's your choice, but all are good.  I recommend this place, not much more to say.
5	Super hot blonde bartender who works Sunday nights! Food is great, got the pizza and gnocchi both were A+ and I have been to Italy  and have tasted the best,awesome place to watch games I will be back...
5	This place continues to meet the grade and provide good food at a decent price.  Our server, Joe is good however, you have to repeat things to him as he listens but does not hear.  We have had him several times during the day and the service is a little slow and attention to detail here, like keeping your glass filled is an issue I have during his service.  He does try but sometimes I wonder is he is giving it everything he has.Sometimes it seems like he is just going through the motions working for a paycheck and the caring and friendliness you normally get from a server who takes a LOT of pride in their job, it just does not seem to be there with him.  With that being said, he is a very nice guy with a good personality and even though he is many times the only server during the day, nothing I have experienced during the day will stop me from going back during the day when craving the food and price.  I really like this place and I will return often.
1	Went to the restaurant and waited in the lobby to be seated. Stood there for about ten minutes and no one came to seat us. I saw someone leaving the kitchen multiple times, and even upon seeing us we were still not attended to. Terrible service. We will go to one of the other hundred Italian restaurants out there.
4	Mozzarella chicken and Caesar salad are delicious. Friendly staff. Prices are reasonable. Highly recommended.
1	Last Thursday  around 4:00 I brought my wedding party of 6 in for a quick drink on our way to the chapel. There was 2, maybe 3 people sitting at the bar, and 2 people behind the bar. No one greeted us or acknowledged our presence, for a good 4-5 minutes. One bartender a bald male with a Pittsburg Steelers jersey on, Lambert it said on the back I believe, was EXTREMELY rude. He not only ignored us, but started laughing inappropiately. He kept walking past my party ignoring us laughing never asking what we needed, joking with the other bartender who was cashing out her drawer. One of my guests loudly said, " We're on our way to a wedding can we get a drink? The equally rude female bartender said " if one of you is ordainded and you're in that much of a hurry, get married in the parking lot". I have never felt so disrespected  simply trying to get a drink in a bar. When he FINALLY took our drink order he counldn't remember them and asked us 4-5 times what we wanted. I think he was drunk. I have been here before, and I will NEVER go there again. Oh, and Lambert, 4 out of the 6 of us are bartenders. Only one with a huge heart gave that un-deserved $10 tip.
5	Awesome as always.  This time we came in late and sat outside with another couple.  We ordered the Antipasto Salad for two and it was perfectly prepared as always and very good.  This time I decided to try the Beef on Weck which was AWESOME.  It is a french dip on a special role made in house and the amount of beef given made this one of the best beef sandwiches I have had in this town.Everything else ordered was really good except the Chicken parmadoro  which seemed to be made with too much garlic.  It seemed like the garlic over powered what is normally an awesome dish.  Other then that which is very minor for this place everything was awesome.  From the bartender who was very personable and on his game to tour server who is always a great server with an amazing sense of humor.The atmosphere here is made by the people working here and they are top notch, friendly, welcoming and plain amazing.
1	Oh boy. As soon as I walked in here I knew it was going to be awful. The minute I sat down I was asked to move because the bartender was reserving a machine for a customer. That's fine but there's no need to be rude about it. I'll move. The lack of respect from the bar staff is uncalled for. Excuse me mister bartender, bald guy with the beard, make sure you keep watching the game and ignore paying customers. Oh and maybe you should learn what the happy hour menu consists of. And while we're on the subject of menus, if there are two people, do you think maybe we'd both like a menu or should we share? Dear lady bartender with the long black hair, thank you ever so much for not even acknowledging my presence except when asking me to move. I fully appreciated your service, it was wonderful. No. The food was good though; the meatball sliders were delicious! Unfortunately, I'll never get to grace my lips with them as I shall never return to this horrendous excuse of a bar. If I wanted to be disrespected for two hours, I could have just called Sprint customer service from the comfort of my home.
4	We have come here quite a few times now. I have learned that they have a $10 dinner menu that is quite good. I've come to enjoy the tilapia special. The tilapia is stuffed with crab. Quite yummy. It comes with a side of pasta. I had spaghetti with a red sauce. Delish. I added in a starter salad for an extra $2. The bleu cheese dressing is to die for. My wife had the chopped chicken cobb salad. Also delicious. The service, as always, was excellent. The ambience could be described as old school Italian. This can be described as an excellent local Italian restaurant with a very reasonable price. Highly recommended.
1	Waterfall is too loud I had gnocchi, just blah.  Not bad but not good either.   Wife had beef on weck bland beef and certainly not a good bun.   Great place to come for a cocktail and hang out but get your dinner somewhere elser
4	I really love this place.  BK- before kids, we used to dine quite a bit at top Italians on the strip.  This now is a nice alternative to bring the kids and still feel like we are going to a nice dinner and not fast, casual.  It's reasonable pricing but we always choose the most expensive on the menu.  And we ALWAYS get the same thing.  I will say I DREAM about their white balsamic dressing.  all dressings made in house and delicious.  My only disappointment is I've had the ribeye steak 3 times and each time it was just passable.  But all in all, a great family, neighborhood restaurant.
5	Great happy hour special (even on a Sunday). Runs from 4p to 7p so would work well on a weeknight. Good selection of half price drinks and most appetizers are but one get one free. I tried the meatball sliders (next time I'll ask for extra sauce on the side because I like them saucy), mozzarella sticks and garlic bread. The table also ordered a shrimp something or other that was enjoyed very much. Server had good personality.
1	Worst red sauce I've ever had in my life and I am Italian and I have been from northern Italy to southern Italy in every major city and town. Not to mention I've eaten all across the country as well and had Italian food in all major cities in America. I love all different peoples sauce and I'm not expecting it to be like my mothers like most people I love trying different styles. Their marinara was disgusting and I don't even know what they use as a tomato base but it was very bizarre and cheap tasting. This is no exaggeration Prego and Ragu are way better than their sauces. I can't even believe their in business because of this alone. The pasta was over cooked. I did try my mother's pasta and that sauce was the same, really bad. The Marsala was incredibly average. I will say the service was good and it's a nice environment even though I was confused by plain white paper covering the tables over the linen.
