4	A review on the fly,  well let's see,  $3 barefoot wine is hard to beat. The strange mix of old Murphy's Law with island theme is a little off putting,  but we are here for the food. Though if you're not a parrot head you may want to bring ear plugs. Okay,  the food:Bacon wrapped dates,  well the comparison to Fire Fly is an obvious one,  but they are totally different,  at Fire Fly they aim to bring out the sweetness of the date,  here it is less sweet and more tang,  I honestly could not pick between them,  they are both very good. The escargot...... simply amazing,  fantastic food,  a must have. Lobster ravioli,  very good. Chicken satay,  the taste is ok,  but due to the size of the chicken pieces it would be very easy to over cook,  as in this case,  dry chicken is just not good. The meatball,  excellent, I was worried that due to the size they would be dry,  but nope,  it puts most Italian restaurants in town to shame. Tamale. Decent,  a little more meat would be good,  it was also a little dry. Risotto balls,  sorry but that sucked,  like biting into sand.Croquetter, okay,  not as good as Fire Fly,  but ok, more like deep fried wipped potatoes than anything.Mac and cheese... seriously seriously good,  the portion size is insane as well,  you could make a meal out of it by itself,  in no way,  shape or form a tapas dish,  but damn it's good. Duck slider,  way to heavy on the cherry reduction,  but, a silly amount of duck,  for the price, the sweetness of the cherry reduction would have been fine with the duck, but the amount just totally overwhelmed the duck so all we were left with was the overly sweet cherry. Service was a little hit or miss, having one of the bartenders act as the wait person may be a good idea money wise, but it can lead to long waits if they are busy at the bar.So in the end, this place has some outstanding dishes and some that are just plain nasty, how they can come out of the same kitchen is beyond me, but it is certainly worth visiting and with dishes like the escargot, it's clear that someone knows how to cook.
1	I was staying in the neighborhood, and decided to give the place a whirl.  Upon entering the smell of smoke was really strong, but found a place near the door where it did not seem so bad.  I was cheerfully met by the server, who was pleasant, but requested that I order everything by numbers, instead of the foods name.  No problem, I agreed.  I ordered the Octopus and Caesar salad with anchovies.  The salad was really good, the octopus was past chilled, and frozen.  I brushed this off, and ordered the escargot and a glass of zinfandel.  Well, after a few minutes, both showed up, and the zinfandel was a pink one that was cold, so a white or pink zinfandel or some sort of nasty swill, which I tried to get my server's attention, which I waited for for around 10 minutes, and finally walked to the bar to get a glass of red.  I finished the wine and my escargot, which were OK.  Then the disturbing part began.  I was watching the end of Monday Night football, when I glanced over at the bar and noticed a patron's scrotum hanging out of his underwear while he was stumbling around.  Maybe in Vegas this is acceptable, but somehow in my opinion this mixed with tapas does not jibe.  I was grossed out, and could not leave the place fast enough, and I waited, and waited while trying to make eye contact with my lack of server, who finally signaled to me from afar whether I wanted my bill, which I obviously did, and she obliged.  She then said he had dementia, which I called BS on.  He was drunker than cooter brown, as he had to be helped to get his pants back on.  He was not the only person in here that was plastered, as I noticed many other people stumble by.Maybe I am wrong, but tapas and a smoking bar full of slot machines and drunks does not really match.  You could not pay me to go into this place again, as it was more than the sad display I witnessed at the end, it was a place that wreaked of smoke, where you are trying to have a nice meal.  If they do not want to alienate their loyal clientele, they should serve tater tots, and spam as when you are that messed up, something that soaks up booze when the staff is clearing over serving the customers would be adequate for their clientele.  Enter at your own risk......
4	My husband and I stopped in for dinner. Not crowded or overly loud, especially not for a Saturday night. We were greeted promptly and the bartender quickly brought us menus and got our drink orders.We ordered a nice variety of things - from the rice balls to sliders. Everything was good, stuffed dates and mango chicken were excellent. We ordered 7 dishes and I got a draft beer and our meal was less than $40 which I thought was a great deal for the amount of food we received. The croquette was a little too greasy for me. We would come back, and I noticed there is currently a groupon out for half off drinks (no food). I was concerned about smoke smell, but we are both pretty sensitive to smoke and it only got bad as we were leaving and 3 people at the bar lit up....and we were sitting right beside the bar.Food was good and it was a nice place to watch football.
1	Where do I begin?? We came in since our favorite tapas place was closed do to a power outage and I had been wanting to try the place since they opened because I live across the street. We sat at the bar and I ordered a Bloody Mary and my girlfriend ordered a water, the bartender rolled her eyes when the water was ordered and carded me and not my girlfriend even though she was sitting at the bar and gambling and is clearly younger then me. We asked for a food menu and ordered the Mac n cheese with truffle, the ceviche, and the beef Wellington. We noticed a lot of spelling errors in the menu which made us veer away from those items, if you can't spell them then how good are you at making them. My girlfriend decided on a beer but we couldn't get the bartenders attention until she brought our food. The beer came quickly. There was no truffle taste to the Truffle Mac n cheese, the ceviche had barley any seafood and the smallest chip "bowl" known to man, it was just slightly bigger then a tostito's scoop. A few min later are beef Wellington came out over cooked. My roommate came in, sat next to us and asked for a menu. She decided on food and closed her menu, we decided on desert and closed ours. We waited ten min and I tried to get the bartenders attention but no help, they helped people near us but never came to us, they never even tried to make eye contact to see if we were ok. I took my tip back off the bar, since she never came by to pick it up anyway and went to complain to the "guy in charge when the gm's away" he was standing at the bar with his arm over two guys talking and completely ignoring everyone around him. I interrupted him and said I had heard him say earlier that he worked there, he was extremely rude and I walked away mid conversation. I will never return especially since there was a young boy about 4 years old running around in kitchen and service areas. Who let's a four year old into a bar let alone the kitchen?? A complete waste of $60 ($30 gambling and $30 on our bill)
2	Went here a few months ago and it was good. Now there is a total disconnect between the bar and the kitchen. Food was not good. Ok place to smoke cigarettes and play video poker. Otherwise, nothing to see here, move along.
4	**for bar service only, haven't had the food yet**I used to frequent this bar back when it was Murphy's Law.Stopped in for a quick drink with a friend on Friday after work.While I'm not a huge fan of the new decor (I really don't get the white fence around the bar) the service is still great.We were greeted right away by the bar staff, Jessy and Megan, who were super nice, and very attentive.We ordered our shots of Jameson (only $4, not too shabby!) with a pickle back. (Trust me, if you haven't tried this, you MUST.  There is something delightfully crazy about how good pickle juice tastes right after a shot of whiskey.  It sounds like it would be awful, but it is DELICOUS!)Jessy and Megan were quick, and attentive, making sure we got the 4 shots we ordered right away. Service was great.  I'd like to come back to try the food sometime soon.
2	Stopped in on a whim because you can't help but notice it from the paint job.  :)The first night was awesome met a guy who knew everything even recommended what to eat and we did.  The service was great and we left happy.  The next time we came in the service was happy to see us and greeted us nicely made us feel welcome good service and nice drinks.  Comps good for gambling.The next time service was not so good the normal bartender greeted us but left shortly after.  Keep in mind my man was gambling the whole time I was sober driver and was going to pay for my 2 drinks in 2 hours no problem.  But we were not asked just ignored came to the point he had to flag them down to get a drink for him.  We had friends join us who gambled $200 had 3 drinks and 2 apps still had a food tab.   My man lost $150 and was pretty much sober we did not have any food.  Our friends who are big gamblers still had a food tab as I said after loosing that much.  When I bartended 10 years ago it was kinda your job to make to people loosing at least feel welcome.  We left feeling like a gem that was found turned into a piece of coal, cold, hard and unwanted.Haven't been back, won't be back and our friends who are big gamblers for sure wont be back!  Lesson learned for the business, never judge a book by its cover, if you want good people who can afford to spend money treat everyone like a gem.  Not the ones you like who are probably drinking on my dollar while we flag you down for a drink, gee thanks.  So uncomfortable, Ugh...
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Found it randomly on Groupon and decided to check it out with my girl friend.  We went on a Tuesday night and while it wasn't by any means a packed bar, we had THE best time.  We had two different bartenders throughout our night there and both were awesome.  We drank, had food and I gambled.  I felt like the service was exceptional in all regards.  At one point I could've sworn (after drinking some) I put a $100 bill in a machine but the machine was crediting $20.  I inquired about it and they actually called their gaming technicians to come in and open up the machine for me to see what happened.  Turns out it was just a $20 I put in, but there was no hesitation on their end to look into it for me which was great on their part.  The food we ordered was really good and the portions were WAY bigger than we were expecting.  We ordered mac n cheese, ceviche, portabello mushroom and vegetable tempura.  If you're looking for a nice casual place to hang out, have a few drinks and yummy tapas, I would definitely recommend this place!
3	Cool lil place with decent food and a good atmospheres. The bartender Jess is a doll;super helpful and always cheerful. I've heard more bad things than I've seen for this place. Might be better with some more upbeat tunes
5	Great pub just east of the strip.  Megan is one of the best bartenders in Las Vegas and she will take great care of you.  Stop in for a visit and enjoy great food/drinks & service.  Loose slots too at the bar that actually pay off.
1	Terrible, terrible service!!  Drinks were incredibly slow ... And the food was even slower. We waited more than an hour and a half for food!  This might have been excusable if the food had been decent but most of it was almost inedible. We won't EVER go back and recommend that everyone avoid this place.
4	Arrived to watch the NFL playoff game on a Sunday morning. The game was already and I wanted to order some food but they don't serve until 11 am.I like how the place has flat screens everywhere so you can enjoy any sporting event wherever you're sitting. I sat at the bar and the female bartender who was younger and super friendly. I ended up ordering some hot wings and they were running a special since it was game day. The wings were decent and tasted great with my Blue Moon beers.The place seemed like a locals hangout and everyone was friendly. I enjoyed my time spent here and would return here again.
5	Tapas? WTF are tapas? After the stunning blue haired bar goddess explained it to me, I'm now up to speed. Had the BEST time ever....milli grazie
5	My girlfriend Nina and I go in there all the time and Barefoot Bob's is great.   The atmosphere is positive and Jessie and Chris are the coolest bartenders in town.  They are positive minded and upbeat and always have my drink waiting for me the minute I walk though the front door.    Prices are very reasonable and the food is great.   Good choice of music on the jukebox too.   5 Stars all around.  I like.
4	Barefoot Bobs! Wow, thanks for making our Super Bowl weekend in Sin City absolutely BONKERS!!We took a gamble on booking this place for Game Day Sunday. They were advertising $80 all you can eat game day buffet, endless draft beers/bottle beers, reserved seating, and halftime raffles. Sounds great, right? We're just a big group from Portland, some of us have served in the industry, and we were looking for a fun low key place to watch the game.Expectations=exceeded. When they said "endless draft and bottle beers", they meant they'd bring full buckets brimming with cold beer bottles every 30 minutes. When they said  "game day buffet", they meant delicious pasta, pulled pork sliders, nacho bar, hot wings, and more. When they said "half time raffle", they meant my friend was going to win a full-sized neon Fosters beer sign and tons of other stuff, along with celebratory Fireball shots for everyone in our group. Ok, a COUPLE of shots for every single person in our group.I WILL SAY: As a non-smoker (as most of our group is), we actually lucked out with the last minute reservation of an outside table. Had we been stationed inside the building, I don't know if we would've had as much fun. But with an outside table, we were able to breathe easy, move around, be loud, talk smack to the losing Broncos fans, stuff our faces with nachos, and make general game day merriment. And Angie, whom I take it is a manager, was in charge of our reservations and not only was she prompt in responding to my email query, she was the ultimate loud mouth hostess with a sassy attitude and I gotta give it up to her for that. Thanks, girl.We MORE than felt like we got our $80 worth. Well worth the hike from the hotels we stayed at on the strip. We even talked to a guy who'd been coming to Barefoot Bobs/Murphy's Law for the last three years in a row for Super Bowl, and he agreed--there's no place in Vegas with a better atmosphere for the price tag. I'm inclined to agree. We'll be seeing you next year!
2	Found this place on groupon. 25$ for 50$ worth of drinks, I mean who would say no to that! Plus I have this thing for tapas style foods so I was very excited to try this place out.Came here on a Friday night with my friend, it was extremely dead. First thing I smelt was smoke but hey, it's a bar what did I expect? Immediately greeted by Eric, our bartender for the night. He was very nice & attentive. He did mention he just started working so he was kind of clueless with the cocktail menus as well as the foods but I won't hold that against him!For the foods--  this place is at the bottom of my list of tapas foods. We ordered..Mango chicken -- nothing special about it looked like grilled chicken in mango salsa. Stuffed dates -- The dates were so big! & was wrapped in a small size bacon that didn't match the portion size of the dates.Crab cake -- this was pretty delicious but the presentation of the dish wasn't appealing. When it came out it looked like a burger patty swimming in sauce. Buffalo wings-- nothing to say there it's wings lol Ceviche -- it was pretty good. The chips looked like it came outta a bag that you buy at the super market.Meatball sliders -- meatballs were midget size compared to the bun. Tasted bland.Cocktails & wine-- got the job done. They weren't terrible. Overall, I probably will not be returning. Me and friend did have fun there but we have fun anywhere really. Lol
5	I love LoVe LOVE this place!!!!!!!!! :DI loved it when it was Murphy's Law... so for my Favorite spot to change I was a little scared to go in. "what if my fave's are gone??""what if the foods bad??" well ALL MY FAVES are STILL THERE :DThe food that they have is OMG AMAZING! && they're me-sized portions... NOM NOM NOM!!!!I love this place all over again. I will be back and always bring someone that hasn't been since the change so they can see 1st hand how awesome you guys have become.&& of course I must come and visit my Megan... She truly is the best of the best :]
1	Don't go. Friend and I went in for late night eats and a drink. No crowd at all. We took a seat and waited patiently. No service. 10 minutes later as Jeremiah and another employee talked and drank we were still waiting. Finally we just left. There was no reason we were not waited on. Guess we were not that important. Won't try it again.
2	I'm giving 2 stars and that's just for the effort of what they are trying to be. My boyfriend and I came here to try it out, cause we have been trying to go to new places in the area. We walked in, nobody greeted us, we sat ourselves, and the bartender came 5-7 minutes later... Not to mention it was freezing in there! We ordered a $20 pitcher of mojito cause it was their especial. We got it, and only then did she tell us that the mint flavor was mixed with the syrup (no mint leaves at all). None the less, it was nasty af. We ordered, food took a little while to come, and service was just alright.. (she never came to check if we needed anything).Food was not great.. Some stuff was obviously frozen and I really hope I don't get sick from the ahi tuna and salmon. We will not be back.
3	My girl and I went here because of a groupon while visiting over the weekend . I yelped it and gave it a try.The vibe suggests that this place is a locals preferred bar (as it is off strip) which is kinda of weird because everyone in vegas is a  transplant or decendent of one but I digress...The fellow patrons seemed like older regulars who weren't happy, smoke, drink and play video poker constantly.We were greeted but it didn't feel good as the one bartender talked on the phone as we waited to order. As we tried to find a table to sit at outside, we had difficulty finding a table that didn't wobble so bad that if you hit the table your beer would surely fall over. There were also a few tables that were broken to the point where you could get really hurt. we went back inside and after 2 tries we finally found a table that didn't wobble so bad.I returned to the bar to order our second round and then ordered the bacon wrapped dates. When our dish was brought to us the bartender seemed to have made a pleasuring attempt at interacting with us. He told us about the bar and the food and seemed to have a personality..he even mentioned that he was from the Midwest.We then ordered the garlic fries and  angus cheeseburger sliders......They were soooo good. I recommend them...the bacon wrapped dates..not so much.They had 13 flat screens and while patronizing we happened to catch the Michael Jackson Hollogram thingy.Two other female visitors arrived dressed like non locals and said "fuck this shit...lets get out of here" distressed by the non greeting and come get your own drinks and greet me attitude of the bartender. We understood!!!Long story short....FOOD IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (kitchen has nothing to do with bar and bar makes no money from it as explained by the bartender in a unfair attitude)Groupon is worth its value (main reason we patronized)Drinks are .....we only had beers but no foam, ice cold and in a logo glass...so great to me.Would love to give this place a rave review but two friends asked me if they should buy it and I replied " Feels like a locals preferred place but the food was great. I think you should buy senior frog's deal instead".I'm sorry Barefoot Bob's ....would give you a five if maybe a different night or bartender or no feeling of older down and out fellow patrons.
4	Under new management!! Awesome tapas  menu!!  Great potential!! Give it time! Gonna be a fun place!! They have those Sport select speakers!! So u can listen to it TV and it TV only!! Awesome!!
3	Amazing Staff..  Terrible Bar.  Seriously.  Every barternder, and the manager here are amazing..   Great service, great drink prices.. I honestly couldn't say a better word about the staff.      The bar itself... Eh, not so much.. It was a bar when it was Murphy's Law..   Whoever decided to make it a Bahama Breeze style Tapa place, should never be allowed to have any more ideas, EVER..   Did they even realize there's an actual Bahama Breeze less than a mile away?!?!          Oh, and Fu*k Jimmy Buffett.      A little here and there is ok, but if I wanted to listen to that shit constantly, I'd go to JIMMY BUFFETT's f@ck*ng bar!!! It's only a mile or two away!It's sad this bar is closing, because the staff is amazing and doesn't deserve that.
