5	Kelley is an amazing stylist and colorist. I have been going to her for a number of years now and she has transformed my hair from dry and over processed to healthy and gorgeous color! Have sent a number of my friends and family to her and they have been thrilled with their results as well.
5	I just moved to area and was specifically looking for a Redken Certified Colorist. I have natural dark hair and it's colored and highlighted. Unfortunately, I had put off finding a new colorist and had huge amount of dark re-growth. I found Kelley and read Yelp reviews. Luckily, I called and she was able to get me in the next day. Kelley spent time with me to figure out exactly what I wanted and made great suggestions. She's great in that she made sure that we were communicating and understood each other - something that is sometimes difficult when discussing hair. I walked out with a great color and fabulous cut.
4	Kelly provides excellent service by making sure her clients are completely satisfied. I got highlights from her. She called after about a week to make sure I was happy with the way everything turned out. I told her that I was hoping to have a few more highlights, she gladly scheduled another appt. to fix it free of charge. I was very happy with the final look! The only reason I'm not giving five stars is that there was a fee for blow-drying, which wasn't mentioned until I paid.
3	I got a yelp deal gift certificate to use here a few years  ago.  It had  been a while  since I got  my hair  done so  I wanted  to  really pamper my hair.  I wanted caramel highlights in my brown hair.  The area is a small private studio and it was definitely a more intimate experience.  I felt a little awkward at times,  maybe out of placed.  I felt  like  it would  be  more the type  of place older people would like.  During my consultation with  Kelley I expressed I wanted to lighten my hair for the  summer.  I wanted to give myself  golden warm caramel highlights.  She gave me feed back which told me she's very good at what  she  does, however I was  very turned off by a few comments.  She expressed concern about the color not flattering my darker skin tone. Also when I was filling her in on my hair profile I mentioned it lightened very quickly.  She argued with me a bit about how that can't be because  "I have dark hair" I told her I've had it done before and liked it and brought up other Latinas with light locks like Jessica Alba and Jennifer Lopez,  to which she replied "yeah but they can afford it".  I know she probably didn't mean for it to come off that way. I understand celebs have  24hr beauty teams.  I'm also a young woman who  looks way younger then I am so she might have assumed.. But it was still  enough to turn  me off.  I compromised with her (much to my dismay)  and settled for thin darker highlights using a technique which she called "sunburst". She explained how it would  give the  illusion of lots of highlights without the high maintenance. She delivered.  I can't  complain about her  work. And  maybe that's why she  fought me so much, the way an artist would  about their vision. The color was truly spot on.  The sunburst was beautiful and I got tons of compliments.  But at the end of the  day  I went to  treat  myself  and I left feeling a little  insulted.  But that's just  me. If it weren't for that  I would  have gone  to  her  regularly ( little did she know  I made very good money) but if you  don't mind that In a stylist I'd still  recommend her.  If you  are  set on a specific look be prepared, she will share  her  opinion.  But that was apps 2 years  ago. Maybe she's  improved her tact on her  consultation.  Worth  a shot I'd say.
5	I have been looking for almost 2 yrs for someone to cut my hair. And do it right!!  Kelley was very fast an exact. I have a specific way I want my hair done and she listened and did exactly as I asked. The shop is clean and very close to home. I found her on Yelp and will refer her to anyone!!  I am so glad I finally got a great haircut at a great price and it was an amazing end to the day!!
5	I wasn't expecting to walk into a small studio (like a small work room)  when I decided to make an appointment with Kelley. Definitely different. I typically prefer larger salons... but in the end it is all about the hair.During my appointment I requested highlights, cut and style. I left with beautiful highlights and was very happy until I got home. I felt I had too many highlights around my face...it looked like I had orange hair. My boyfriend didn't like my new look. I decided to go back to Kelley; she quickly scheduled me in and was able to darken some highlights free of charge. The end result-  my hair looks fabulous and even my picky BF enjoys my new look! I will be going back. Her hours are great...at least for my busy schedule!
5	I like and have receive many compliments on my highlights. I went in not knowing exactly what I wanted. She was nice and informative.
5	Seen her work on over 10 people. Simply outstanding and a great person. The color and style looked perfect and complimented the individuals.  Suite is very welcoming.
5	Since my last review, I have not returned to get my hair done here. However the reason is because I have moved across the country. I wanted to write an update because since I left my review, Kelley reached out to me . I hear horror stories of people who receive threatening hate messages from business owners who are angry for receiving a bad review. I understand how a bad review can affect a business in a very profound way. You would think that this is enough to is stress why it is important for a business to make amends and do damage control when a consumer is not satisfied. In today's lawsuit happy society, this gets lost and the consumer is left having to just deal with it. I appreciate when I receive great customer service. I believe tipping well. A business doesn't have to offer some sort of discount to make amends. They can simply express the desire to give them a better experience next time. It is because of this that I believe Kelley does deserve a chance to prove herself. I'm very grateful for Kelley 's sincerity and willingness to work with me. THIS is the kind of place that deserves our business. The kind of place that listens, and actually does care. If you are hesitant just give her a shot, that's all I have to say.
