4	I will just say that this is only the second time I have ever been to an eye doctor. In my entire life. I've never had issues with my eyesight fortunately enough. One of my coworkers recommended Gilbert Family Eye Care and when it comes to doctors, I'd rather go on recommendations than what is closest to my house. Being that this was only my 2nd eye exam and my previous one I don't remember all that well, I walked in not really knowing what to expect. The receptionist had me fill out the typical forms and I only waited a matter of a few minutes before I was brought back to begin my exam. I went through a series of tests in which each one was explained to me beforehand. It was very comforting to know exactly what I was getting into. Rather than having my pupils dilated I had a photo taken of them, which saves the drama. It was so quick and simple and the results of it were amazing to look at. The back of your eyes look like crazy planets. Just sayin.The doctor went through the test results and the pictures for me and told me things I never even knew about my eyes and double checked before I left to ensure all my questions about any of the results had been answered. He was super friendly and informative and I felt completely comfortable there. What do I wish was different? I inquired about receiving a digital copy of the photographs that were taken and was told they would be emailed to me. After waiting a day I called back, and was told they would be sent today. I still haven't received them, which means I have to find time to call back tomorrow.
5	My first experience was a positive one.  Read reviews on Yelp and called for an appointment.  They were able to see me the same day and I found the office comfortable with the feel of a small town/neighborhood doctor, which I was looking for.Too many doctors today work for chains and push their patients through the visit with minimal effort to engage in a personal connection with their patient. Not here!I met with Doctor Lance Williams who introduced himself as Lance and then took time to learn about me and my family. He was friendly and professional.  Even taking time to chat with my fiance about Disney (refering to the shirt she was wearing) and inquire about our family.  Gilbert Family Eye Center made me feel welcome and at home.  I would recommend this office to anyone seeking an alternative to the cookie-cutter chain run stores that have the ambiance of a food court rather than a local doctor.As for cost, I found their price comparible to most and with my insurance I walked in and out (with a new pair of glasses) after a co-pay of only $10.
5	I took my Grandpa here and the doctor was really good with explaining what was wrong with his eyes. I have nothing bad to say about this place so far I will be coming back time and time.
4	I am not used to medical assistants conducting some of the eye tests, but the the medical technician explained the  purpose of each test, and did them quickly. Dr. Wood was really pleasant, and made eye exam easy and comfortable. Randi helped me in high over my vision insurance coverage to determine the most cost effective way to cover both contact lenses and glasses/lenses.
5	As usual, I had a great experience at my most recent eye exam. For the last seven years I have been using the services of Dr. Woods at Gilbert Family Eye Centre and have  never been disappointed. I had an emergency once on a Sunday and intead of sending me to an emergency room I was seen in Dr. Woods office that day! The staff is courteous and I always get an email and a simple text to reply to for confirmation. I seldom have to wait in the lobby and I don't ever feel pressured to buy services or goods like I have experienced at other offices. Thank you for your great service!
4	My husband and I have been patients here for over 5 years. We chose them because they are close to our house.  It was a great fit for our family. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable.  I see Dr Wood and my husband sees Dr Williams. I am not a fan of the glaucoma test and Dr Woods knows that and he goes the extra mile to help me get through this test.  I highly recommend this practice for your eye care needs.
1	I normally don't feel the passion necessary to post reviews, but this is the exception. I moved back to the Gilbert area, and was subsequently looking to see an optometrist in the area. I found this place on yelp, as I am usually more likely to take my business to places with good reviews. I had no issues with setting up an appointment, nor any problems with having my contact evaluation preformed. Everyone, from the receptionist to the optometrist himself, was very professional and courteous. I was overall very happy with my experience, and after paying out of pocket for the cost of the contact evaluation, I was on my way.However, a few weeks later (when I attempted to purchase contacts from another retailer), I was informed that 55$ of my insurance allowance for contacts had already been used. "That's strange", I thought, because I hadn't purchased any contacts when I got my eye exam, and had specifically not used any of my yearly insurance allowance. When I went back to Gilbert Family Eye Center to see what they charged me for, I was sent to meet with their Business Manager of sorts, who was responsible for the billing. What ensued was the least professional and most personally insulting conversation I have ever had as a paying customer, at any establishment.Apparently, /I/ did not understand how insurance works, and /I/ was in the wrong for being upset over having been double-billed. After pointing in my face numerous times and repeatedly telling me off in a condescending and snarky tone, I was visibly upset and frustrated. However, not wanting to escalate the situation further, I simply told her to mail the check, and I walked out. I truly believe that their intent was to double charge me, and have me go on my way none-the-wiser. I would have been perfectly happy with an apology for the miscommunication and overcharge, or even the slightest bit of professional courtesy a good business should provide to it's customer. Yet, I was berated and treated like a child, and will never bring my business to this location ever again. Completely disappointed, and appalled at how I was treated as a paying customer. One of the worst experiences I've had in a professional setting.
5	Let me just start off by saying: I have terrible eyes. I've worn glasses since I was 18 months old and believe me when I say, I hate the eye doctor.That is, I hated every eye doctor I've ever seen until seeing doctor wood at gilbert family eye center. He is so caring and genuinely wants his patient's quality of life to be enhanced. He takes the time to make sure that I am seeing the little details of everything. I haven't ever had an eye doctor go the extra mile like that! If you are looking for an optometrist, don't hesitate to schedule an appointment with doctor wood!
