5	Found my husbands FAVORITE comic series. Got an amazing deal. Found some cool collectibles for my son. Cool little shop, "hidden treasure", near Spring Valley High School. Stuart was very friendly and helpful in recommending some great new series.
5	Awesome shop. Just started collecting comics, and Sean was very helpful in pointing out what was where and what I should start reading. I was even able to get a pretty good deal on a set to start off my collection. Not a huge store and they just started up a couple months ago, but the store is pretty well organized, and it was easy to find titles that I wanted. Will be going back for sure.
5	This tiny little shop is relatively new, and in the words of one of the caretakers there, not yet where they want it.  Which only bodes extremely well for the future of this store as it's already got one of the more impressive toy collections I've seen outside of a full on convention and a decent collection of shirts.The best part though, as is the general rule with any comic/collectible joint I go to, was just geeking with the help and talking about D&D, WoW, 40K, SciFi/Fantasy books, movies and TV, and most especially talking about our favorite Sean Baby gags.  BTW, Jar Jar Binks was the true Phantom Menace and is still running that galaxy far far away well into the Legacy era.  Oh, and Dazzler is the bestest comic character EVAR!!!!!
5	This place is amazing and I'm so glad I stumbled upon it--what a gem!!! My boyfriend and I have been in a few times and the staff is always really friendly and helpful. They have a wonderful selection and if you're looking for something specific they're happy to help you find it. The only downside of this place is that it can be hard to find if it's your first visit. But I'm fairly certain they're working on a bigger store front and sign so that problem should work itself out soon.
5	Although it's small, there is a whole lot of stuff crammed into this store. I saw toys/figures from comics, video games, movies and tv shows. There was even an art print of Dazzler, my favorite disco comic book hero. The selection of comic books was impressive given the small size of the store, and there were even some dollar comics, which are my favorite as I'm a cheapskate.It was a bit hard to find, as I assumed it was in the shopping center with the Smith's. It's actually in the Storage One building with some other offices/businesses.
4	As others have also mentioned, it is small and when it is dark outside, it is really easy to miss this store if you have never been here before -- it's right by the Storage One on the ground floor of a 3-story (or maybe a few more stories) office building.The selection of comic books and toys was impressive given the small size of the store.  The staff was quite friendly.  I was disappointed they had all the Napoleon Dynamite figurines except for the "dancing Napoleon" one.
2	Based purely on the collection and location, this store will not be on my list of places to return. The store is overall very small and a bit oddly set up, although it is in the process of opening I feel this places collection is rather small containing mainly new comics.
3	Not a lot to say about this place. It was a little hard to find, but once I found it... it was pretty cool. I can't remember the name of the young man that worked there, but he was very helpful. A little talkative, but friendly and helpful. He tried to work with me on price and because he did not try to screw me, we were able to come up with a deal which allowed me to buy two very cool statues.I wish they had a bigger statue inventory, but it was better than other places that I've visited in the past. The store is small and one day I would like to see it expand. All in all, it was a nice experience and if I'm every in Vegas again, I will come back.
5	This is the shop I go to here in Vegas for my books. I have a pull box here and the guys here are nice and cool and don't look dowb on you for not knowing everything. They cary everything from weekly books to graphic novels, toys, statues, back issues and even older books. I definitely recomend checking out this grassroots owned store.
5	Very cool store! The gentleman that helped me was very professional and helped me find some comics for my kids. The toy selection is pretty decent as well, I ended up buying a Star Wars Black Series 6' figure that I have not seen in other retail stores, that is to say they stock all the goodies that I look for! I will definitely be going back for my next purchase!
