5	EMC was strongly recommended to me by one of my closest friends, who has lived here in Vegas for three decades and is a die hard "car guy."  European Motor Cars (EMC) is where I take my BMW for all service.  They are in Chinatown, just off of the Strip, and they have master mechanics in BMW, Mercedes, and Jaguar.  The shop is owned by Dan and Shelina Dunphy, who are REALLY nice - they explain everything that's going on with the car, and they let you into the repair bays to explain everything in as much or as little detail as you want (apparently Dan is Canadian and didn't grow up in the US "lawsuits abound" environment.  They keep up on the trainings for their mechanics and as far as I can tell, have the computerized equipment that's necessary for sophisticated diagnostics on the most recent cars (note: I'm not a technical car guy).  Also, they only have the master mechanics working on the cars, not apprentices (like at the dealership).I used to work on the Strip, and it was easy for me just to drop the car off and then have their free car service drop me off at work and pick me up once the work was completed.  They also do a "mini-detail" of the exterior of the car for free, so sometimes I wait until my car is dirty for them to change my oil.  The biggest downside of getting service here is that it's definitely a bit more expensive than places like Jiffy Lube and other independent shops - but the difference is that I really trust Dan to tell me the "truth" about the car and its condition.  To me, it's worth it to pay a premium in order to have peace of mind that I'm not being ripped off (I've heard of some bad stories with places like Jiffy Lube (just check consumerist.com and search for stories about jiffy lube).  I don't have any connections to any other independent repair shops in Vegas, so EMC is the place I go.  I didn't bother mentioning the dealer because I always try my best to avoid the dealers - with the increasing number of sales being done the internet forcing margins down in the sales operations, it puts more pressure on profits from the repair operations - and I know dealers always charge an arm and a leg for their service.  For me, EMC is cheaper and more trustworthy.BTW, you don't need to replace your car's oil every 3K miles, so save yourself a nickel:http://lifehacker.com/396709/the-3000-mile-oil-change-myth-debunked
4	Called the same morning to get an Inspection II done on my BMW 740. Did the job overday within the timeframe promised. No complaints at all.
1	Extremely poor customer service. I had them do a pre purchase inspection on a vehicle I bought. After receiving the vehicle, I contacted them as to why a large number of flaws were never mentioned that was found. No response was given. After months of trying to contact them, the owner mentioned that he recently had a family emergency and would get back to me. He did, 2 months later after additional emails from me asking for a follow up. So I'm back to square one again with no responses to my emails and phone calls. Stay away!
1	Dan, as I mentioned to you at that time, my condolences to you and your family. By the time I got a hold of you, it was bouncing back and forth via phone calls with your shop. After not getting anywhere, they suggested contacting you. When I did, you had told me of your family emergency, and I gave it a month's time before following up. After that point, I tried to contact you but there was no response from you. I tried other avenues of getting it resolved via your shop but they said I would have to wait as you were the go-to person. Another month went by and I pretty much gave up (when I wrote the first review). I pretty much left it until my fiancee asked me the status of it months later, at the end of 2009. At that point, I decided to initiate a BBB complaint to at least get my money back. I just received the refund a couple months ago, basically a year later. Never during this duration was a phone call made to me with any apologies.
5	FANTASTIC SERVICE! This is the only auto repair shop I have ever trusted to do a complete and honest job when it comes to maintaining and repairing my BMWs.  I have been very happy with them for over 10 years. They have saved me a LOT of money and have done outstanding work.  Great service! Knowledgeable and TRUSTWORTHY! Best place in Vegas to take your car in my opinion.
5	Normally, I would rate EMC 4-stars but since this is Vegas and there are no decent BMW repair shops around, they get the bump to the full five! I first heard about EMC via Yelp a couple of years ago, but never got around to trying it until my car's engine went FUBAR on me and one of the vendors at my work suggested them to me after taking his car there for regular service. First off, they are a family run business but are excellent at what they do. They have a convenient location off of I-15 and Spring Mountain West and they only charged me a half hour of labor to run a diagnostic and find out what is wrong with my car. (Many places charge at least one hour and go up from there).Fortunately, they were able to find out the problems pretty quick and were even able to complete all the work by the days end. The mechanic showed me the parts that caused my cars engine to go FUBAR on me which was cool since it helped soften the blow of what I was paying for. (It takes the sting out of the cost when you see what is being replaced and why instead of them just fixing it and never showing you)I believe what they charged me was a fair price and only quoted me a few things that I already knew about that needed some attention in the future. EMC has earned my trust and will now be my go to people when I need service for my car. They also repair every other Euro model and make to such as MBZ, Jag, Porsche etc...
5	I have taken my ride here a few times for service issues, and every time the issues were resolved beyond my satisfaction. The mechanics know their stuff, and the other staff, as well as the owners, are warm and friendly. To be honest, I am happier with the service and experience here than at any other auto repair establishment, ever. I will certainly be back. I hope EMC stays in business for a long time.
1	way over priced, they charge you $100 just to look at your car(but they tell you it comes off ur bill if you go head and have something fixed)  then when i pay my bill the other guy says it doesnt come off. plus after i payed 1100 cash to fix my a/c it still didnt work i had to take it back to them a 2nd time! also i needed a new battery they were going to charge me $350. i talked to a guy at autozone the battery is only 165 and he would put it in himself for $20 bucks. Overpriced crooks. beware.
1	I took my Jaguar there two years ago, but the review I left didn't get though tho which is really unfair for other people.My car was giving me a Check Engine Light and would have serious problems in the cold mornings. There was a vacuum leak somewhere so the car would get too much air in the engine. I took the car to EMC, they charged me $80 and could find any leak, so they suggested a fuel injector test which was another $70, and again nothing. I paid them $150 for no results and took the car.I was sure I had a vacuum leak so I took it to another shop which showed me the vacuum leak in 20 minutes with a smoke test (they blow smoke in the engine and it comes out of wherever you have a leak from).Infuriated I took the car back to them, and telling them that they didn't diagnosed it right, where the owner, "Don" I believe, was kinda joking and laughing at me for not knowing what I'm talking about, and my inexperience (I was around 23 at the time). He said he's son did the test on it, and there's impossible for it to have a vacuum leak. I told them to do a test in front of me, and he agreed, but with a grin on his face waiting to prove me wrong.When the smoke started to come out of my engine, his grin disappeared from his face, as did he. When I went inside to get my money back, they just returned the $80 for initial diagnostic but not the $70 for the fuel injector which was their fault initially.AS of today I drive by this place and can't believe they couldn't perform a basic diagnostic that even I would be able to do having the right tools.
5	I have been going to EMC for service of my 2005 BMW 330 for almost 2 years.  The staff is knowledgeable, fair and friendly.  They explain everything!  And if you're on a budget they break down maintenance jobs so it's really doable.  When I compared EMC with other shops they are significantly cheaper.  Sheila the owner is hella impressive.  It's in Chinatown, but they have a really great shuttle guy that takes you anywhere (I'm in Green Valley) or you can grab a meal down there while you wait.  Comfy sectional sofa, free wifi, donuts and coffee while you wait.  I've never left there feeling anything less than impressed with the quality of the service and the people.
5	I have been a patron of European Motor Cars for 6 years and they have ALWAYS been great. I have a BMW and bought an extended warranty. I didn't want to pay the dealership and was reluctant to go elsewhere. This place was recommended to me by an employee of BMW. I haven't been anywhere since. This is the only place I trust the diagnosis and trust the work. They specialize in BMW so everything is the same as the dealership except the price. I have shopped around on prices and this place is less if not the same as other shops that specialize in German cars.  If you are a repeat customer they do have mailers with incentives to continue your business. That's always a plus, saving money.  The owner is nice and always there. They usually have 1 to 3 luxury cars for sale there too.
1	I scheduled an appointment for the first oil change on my new Mercedes and showed up on time. I was told it would take about an hour. They offered to drop me off at the local mall and said they would call me on their way to pick me up. (About a mile away) I called THEM back 2 1/2 hours later, and was told it would be ready soon. After another hour, I called again and went back to the shop. 4 hours for an oil change and no apologies from them.  Then, on my way home after being forced to miss work, the car begins to spew smoke everywhere. So, I pull over and discover they forgot to put the oil cap back on. Oil was everywhere in the engine compartment and running down the wheels in big puddles. I checked the oil stick....NO OIL! And the gasket was blown! I`m pissed.  I called them and they sent the tech who failed to put the cap back on...and he admitted he slipped up.  DON`T EVER GO THERE !
1	Don't go here, incompetent employees! Go to a shop that backs up their work and won't try to rob you!
1	I have a 2000 528i that was given to me by my mother. She has been taking it here for years. I have taken it back there for oil changes since I have owned the car for the last two year. I guess they are hard up for money now and are willing to make shit up so you have to spend money that you don't need too. I brought it in in the beginning of the year for an oil change. The woman in the front office gave me a list of things that need to be done to my car. She made it sound urgent to get this done. I told her when I get the money I'll bring it in. Well several months later I got some of the repairs done on her list by others. Went back again for an oil change and now never mind the oil leak (they claim I have so bad) , I seem to have to change the seal in the shifter. They gave me pictures and made it look official. The way the woman at the front desk was pushing and pressuring me to get at least the shifter seal fixed now, so at least they can get some money for me before they release the car to me. I had to beg her to please finish so I can get back to work. She wanted me to commit in getting the seal replaced. Well I decided to go somewhere else. Will come to find out THEY ARE LAIRS AND ALL THEY WANT IS YOUR MONEY!!!!!!. Found out I don't need a shifter seal change and the oil leak isn't as bad as they claim. I will never bring my car there again and will comment on every site I can. What has happen to customer service?????
5	I moved to Vegas about 2 1/2 years ago. Needed a place to take care of my Jaguar XK8 convertible.Went to Gaudin, which did an okay job. Heard about EMC (European Motor Cars) as THE place for foreign car care. Did a little research and decided to try them next time I needed something done.EMC was helpful with info even before I tried them (while I was doing my research).They were TERRIFIC! Great, personal attention. Priced better than Gaudin AND they really did a great job. I've taken my car there and referred others to EMC ever since. They are honest (even when it means that they make less money than if they didn't give all the facts), reliable and dedicated. Everyone there is really friendly and they are more than fair. In fact, one time shortly after they replaced an item that had worn out, my car broke down on a long trip. It turned out the new part was defective. Not their fault, obviously (the part itself was bad, not their work). Nonetheless, they not only immediately found me a shop (in the middle of nowhere, which is where I was in Arizona when the car broke down!!)  that could take care of the situation where I was, but they took care of the cost of towing and every other cost associated with the situation, including a rental car so I could get to where I needed to be on time (I was on my way to my son's wedding). Way, way, way above and beyond the call of duty, if you know what I mean.It's a family-owned operation and they really take care of you, everyone from the owner to the technicians.Thanks, Eric, Shelena, Nick and everyone else at EMC!!Highly, HIGHLY recommend!
