5	I've been going to the Sugar Shack on 5th for about 3 months now to get my Steelers fix.  Yes, I said it, Loud & Clear - I am a Steelers Fan ! ! !   The Sugar Shack reminds of a few bars in the 'Burgh.  It is a Steelers bar and a Cardinals bar!  ?*$%@  how is that possible?  St. Louis Cardinals - think baseball...  Anyway, this place has the mandatory bar cuisine, burgers, French fries, etc.  The beers are reliable, not too diverse.  The Steelers Fans are here though!  If you are in the Scottsdale area and not up for drive to Harold's in Cave Creek, the Sugar Shack is a throw-back to real-deal, the Iron Curtain!
5	The new owners of this place really put their heart, soul and what sounds like a few layers of skin into fixing up the place. It's been closed for quite a while. They have cleaned, painted, cleaned, renewed and cleaned the place! It's a little loud when you have many people in there, but worth the trip. There are TVs everywhere including a large center screen. The staff is friendly as well. I tried the turkey wrap, as is. They add dried cranberries to the wrap...wasn't sure how that was going to taste. After the first bite I was hooked! On the menu they have sliders (Philly cheez, burger or grilled cheese), apps, salads (including a grilled romaine salad that I've heard is to die for), sandwiches, pizza and more! There is a separate kids menu too. They are going to serve food late too - hard to find in that area. Definitely check this place out - even just to see what work was done.
5	Great bar in old town to watch a game.  Drinks are good and cheap.  I didn't get a chance to eat but will go back for the food, the 2 people I was with were very pleased.  The new owners and staff out a lot into opening this place back up, go check it out!
5	The new Sugar Shack, with Todd and Trish at the helm, is a wonderful neighborhood tap.  We love it.  Everybody knows your name there.  The drink prices are great.
4	I've been here a few times now and it's definitely growing on me! It's a great place to meet centrally for Happy Hours and the TV set up is pretty great! I haven't tried out the beer pong tables yet but I do see that in my near future. The service is friendly, the bathrooms are clean, the food is pretty good and the beer is reasonably priced! All in all, until I have a bad experience here or an absolutely unbelievably great one, I'll give it a solid 3.5 and weigh heavy on the 4 since there are no 1/2 star ratings. The new owners are usually mingling around which always let's me know they care about their patrons and what is happening with their establishment.
5	I really can't find anything negative to say about the Sugar Shack. Todd and Trisha are killing it, from the atmosphere, to the cheap drinks, to the food. As a side note, you've got to try the hot dogs - they are amazing! I love the Western; it seems kind of unusual at first but is soo tasty!! I've brought several different people here and all seem to agree that this is the new neighborhood spot (especially considering we haven't had one in quite some time!).
5	This dive bar exceeded all expectations. They have great original bar food, but also hidden surprises on the menu, Grilled Romain Salad, Dumplings, and Apple Crisp Dumpling dessert. Pretzel's and pizza's also good orders. Ask for Paul and Alex to set u up.
4	We have eaten there twice now and both time were really good for a sports bar. Good steak sandwiches and french dips, awesome tater tots. Very friendly atmosphere. We definitely will become regulars.
5	Received an invite to @SugarShackAZ Sports Grill Blogger/Social Media Dinner, thanks to @Table12Xtina.Emma, our server, had a really GREAT smile, and really great service!The grilled romaine salad was amazing! The balsamic was perfect! And the caramelized onions, bacon, and bleu cheese really made it pop!The cuban sandwich was out of this world! The garlic mayo, and dijon mustard (a break from tradition) made this my new favorite Cuban sandwich in the valley. (Sorry, Carly's...)Get it with either the tots or the onion rings!The Sugar Shack's owners, Todd and Trisha Steadman, came to our table to introduce themselves, and thank us for coming. Todd is a really great guy, and he seemed genuinely interested in our feedback on the food.Looking forward to heading back to The Sugar Shack! $1 domestics on Wednesdays!
5	Are you looking for a menu with a wide variety to satisfy your hunger?  Are you looking for a comfortable and fun atmosphere to enjoy after a hard day at work?  If either is the case, then the Sugar Shack Sports Grill (6830 E. Fifth Avenue, Scottsdale, AZ  85251) in downtown Scottsdale is just what you need! Upon entering the Sugar Shack, you are immediately taken in by a welcoming atmosphere, comfortable and laid back enough for some true relaxation and fun.   The perfect neighborhood bar for those looking to watch some sports, enjoy a cold beer after work, or simply hang out for some pizza with family or friends.Todd and Trisha Steadman reopened the Sugar Shack property in August of 2010.  Keeping true to tradition, yet adding a new twist on their menu and some new touches to the establishment, help keep their customers coming back for more.Their menu boasts a wide variety of items, something to satisfy every taste.  In addition to their regular menu, they offer several daily specials that include "Taco Tuesday" (1.00 chicken or beef soft taco), specials off select beers, and even traditional happy hour type specials (4-7 p.m.).On their regular menu, one can find a selection of appetizers, sandwiches and wraps, hot dogs, pizza, burgers and even calzones.  For starters, one should pay personal attention to their Grilled Romaine Salad ($6.99).  Their Grilled Romaine Salad is made of romaine coated with olive oil, crumbly blue cheese, bacon bits, diced red onion and balsamic vinaigrette.  Then it is grilled ever so shortly in time, to give it that added zing of flavor.  To find a salad "grilled" is to find a unique salad indeed.  The flash grilling of this salad along with it's ample combination of ingredients provide a filling and delicious salad.Are you looking for a menu with a wide variety to satisfy your hunger?  Are you looking for a comfortable and fun atmosphere to enjoy after a hard day at work?  If either is the case, then the Sugar Shack Sports Grill (6830 E. Fifth Avenue, Scottsdale, AZ  85251) in downtown Scottsdale is just what you need! Upon entering the Sugar Shack, you are immediately taken in by a welcoming atmosphere, comfortable and laid back enough for some true relaxation and fun.   The perfect neighborhood bar for those looking to watch some sports, enjoy a cold beer after work, or simply hang out for some pizza with family or friends.Todd and Trisha Steadman reopened the Sugar Shack property in August of 2010.  Keeping true to tradition, yet adding a new twist on their menu and some new touches to the establishment, help keep their customers coming back for more.Their menu boasts a wide variety of items, something to satisfy every taste.  In addition to their regular menu, they offer several daily specials that include "Taco Tuesday" (1.00 chicken or beef soft taco), specials off select beers, and even traditional happy hour type specials (4-7 p.m.).On their regular menu, one can find a selection of appetizers, sandwiches and wraps, hot dogs, pizza, burgers and even calzones.  For starters, one should pay personal attention to their Grilled Romaine Salad ($6.99).  Their Grilled Romaine Salad is made of romaine coated with olive oil, crumbly blue cheese, bacon bits, diced red onion and balsamic vinaigrette.  Then it is grilled ever so shortly in time, to give it that added zing of flavor.  To find a salad "grilled" is to find a unique salad indeed.  The flash grilling of this salad along with it's ample combination of ingredients provide a filling and delicious salad.AdvertisementTheir sandwiches and wraps selection is creative with the addition of the Traditional Cuban Sandwich with fries ($9.99).  This sandwich is made of pork, ham, Swiss, pickles, Dijon mustard and roasted garlic mayo, all "brick pressed" together.  The saltiness on the generous portions of ham and pork, combined with the cheese and condiments balance for a most tasty sandwich.  If one is craving pizza, the Sugar Shack aims to please with any one of their created pizza selections or one can build their own with their selection of ingredients.The Sugar Shack stands out from the many sports bars that find their home in Scottsdale.  Check out the Sugar Shack Sports Grill today for delicious food, great service, and owners who go the extra mile for their customers.
3	Its a local business in Old Town that is not doing me a favor by letting me eat there so I do like that.The drink specials are AWESOME, can't beat $1 drafts and 1.50 Coronas on Taco Tuesdays.  The food is decent; its bar food.  However, they do charge a large percentage of the price of the food for add-ons.  For instance, on Taco Tuesdays, tacos are $1 - to add sour cream and cheese is 50 cents (50%!).  If the chicken wasn't so dry it wouldn't be so bad with just the pico de gallo...  The fries are $3, to add Cheez whiz was $1 and chili was $1 - the chili was not very good and the whiz was not brand as advertised (or something made it mutate into a watery substance that pooled at the bottom of the basket..).I do like the atmosphere and love the drink specials.  The owners are very nice.  I would not actually go there to eat... but I would lightly snack as I drink watching the game...
5	I've been going to the Sugar Shack for over 6 months now & I can't say enough good things about the place. The food is amazing, best wings I have ever had, try them grilled any flavor~ They also have amazing drinks specials, $1 beer for happy hour, can't beat that on a hot day!! The owners Todd & Trish pour their heart and soul into this place and it shows! Best local bar around, they make you feel like everybody knows your name & your beverage of choice!!!! :)
4	I was here recently for happy hour.  The pizza and wings were quite good.  I like their selection of beers on tap.  Plenty of TVs so I'm sure I'll be back again sometime to catch a game.
5	Awesome place. Best service ever. If you are not completely satisfied they will do whatever it takes to make you happy. Great prices and the food is great too!  This place rocks :)
4	Awesome wings! Get them grilled for sure.....great food, fun atmosphere.
