1	My experience with this company was very poor to say the least.  As a first time home renter they taught me several lessons.  Everything in the beginning was smooth they answered questions, phone calls and texts messages quickly and professionally.  two months after I moved in a faulty substandard cabinet in the laundry area collapsed damaging both my washer and dryer, my property!  I attempted to contact my "property manager" several times by phone and text to report what happened and received absolutely no reply.  A few months later the roof started leaking badly, Once again i attempted to contact my "property manager" even sent photos of the leak and once again no reply from anyone at all.  I then decided to move because they do not care about either my living conditions or my property.  After giving my required 30 day notice all of a sudden I started receiving calls and texts from AZ elite properties and all they cared about was scheduling new tenants to come look at the house.  I complied with all of their request as usual.  It just so happen to rain on a day they had new tenants looking at the house and the roof was leaking.  Within two days they had the roof fixed even though I had lived with the leak for six months.  Over the course of a year I did not hang anything on the walls nor did I paint anything the house was exactly as it was when I moved in.  I paid for the house to be cleaned (even though I had paid a non refundable cleaning fee) when I moved out and even gave the keys back two days early.  They then waited the full 14 days to send me my deposit back and when I received it it was $145 short for "yard clean up"!  The back yard at this property was "completely" bare un finished no grass no trees no bushes nothing!  Had they advised me of a problem I would have corrected it right away.  Once again after no reply from anyone at all from AZ elite properties I will chalk this up as a learning experience, for me its not about the money if $145 is worth a bad reputation then so be it.  I tell everyone I know about my experiences with this company, very unprofessional!
1	This is possibly the worst experience I've ever had with a business. They couldn't sell my property so an agent there suggested they manage it as a rental property. After putting in a temporary tenant, they managed to get tenants who signed a one year lease. They have lived there for almost two months. I have received half a month's rent income - after they deducted all sorts of fees, that I can't figure out and no one will explain. The property manager tells me she is not responsible for the bookkeeping so I have to call their accounting office to find out where my money is and have the fees explained. The office does not return my phone calls, the property manager made an agreement with the tenants to pay half their rent on the 1st and half on the 15th, she never asked me if this is okay and of course the mortgage company expects their money on the first.We also created other deposit and fee structures that she completely ignored, and despite repeated requests she has never sent me a copy of the lease agreementMy experience has been terrible - the agent is so unprofessional and the company so unethical it is mind boggling.. I strongly encourage anyone considering working with this company to keep searching for another property management company.
1	Amazingly awful.  My property manager signed a lease without having ever walked through the home to ensure anything was working.  No heat, no water, broken dishwasher, refrigerator, etc... you name it.  They have no ethics and are slow to respond to anything; if they even respond at all.  They are basically investor slum-lords.  Maximizing investor profits, by providing little service, the worst appliances, and service.  Its a shame really because some of the properties could be really nice, they are just not willing to put in the effort.
1	I agree with everything written below by the other tenants and honestly wish I could give them a 0 star rating. I have never in my life dealt with more unprofessional and unethical down right jerks in my life. Trying to get in contact with anyone is worthless because they will never call you back. The B*&ch Nicole in the office is about as bright as a box of rocks. She will literally ignore you and say she will contact the property manager and get back to you but good luck with that. Our landlord is a completely mindless piece of crap and I would never say that about anyone because I try to be above that but this warrants it completely.  The reason they act this way is because their owner is just as slimy and unethical as they are. Just read the BBB report responses from the owner and you will see exactly what I mean. I wouldn't wish this upon my worst enemy and so wish there was a way to prevent others from having to experience the absolute nonsense these so called managers do. I would NEVER EVER recommend renting or listing your property with these people. I would mention specifics but since we are currently under contract I am avoiding retaliation because I know damn well that would happen. Lets just say there are hazards that will cause illness to our family if not fixed immediately. We have left to stay in a hotel until things are repaired and have began speaking with a lawyer. It is unreal how these people have complete disregard for their tenants and clients. They care about money and that is it plain and simple. I wish I had something good to say but there is absolutely nothing good even remotely. I feel bad for the owners of the home because the neighbors say they are very nice people. They are going to have costly repairs if these repairs are not made soon and without a response from the property manager or the office it is hard to say if they will be fixed. We have submitted requests in writing via certified mail, over the phone and through text with no response at all. The good thing is I record every conversation and copy ever email, text and letter to my external servers. I assure you this is very well  documented and the authorities and attorneys feel confident they are in breach of contract and liable for damages. Yelp better not remove this post either because this is a real review and not something made out of anger. These are the facts and should be viewed as a warning to all consumers looking to use their services.
5	I hastily wrote a negative review about AZ Elite Properties.  What I should have done was to go to their office and speak with the owner.  I did do that later in the day.  He listened to my complaint, and said that he would work on getting it resolved.  He did just that, and I was able to get the $500.00 earnest money returned to me.  I would recommend this company for customer satisfaction.  That is why I gave them the highest rating of five.
1	Absolutely the worst landlords. They prefer to have drug dealers living at their properties and expect the rest of us to live in an unsafe environment. Whatever you do, don't rent apt 206 or 205 at 4235 N 17th St. Tenants were cooking meth in apt 206.
1	This is the worst property management company ever. Dont deal with any of them!! they will take your money and take advanatage. I have been cheated of my money and this company needs to be reported to the POLICE. They are running a scam by inflicting wrongful claims. I have had 4 of my friends cheated by this business as well. my advice STAY AWAY!...
1	I strongly recommend avoiding doing business with these people.  My experience working with Brian Markus specifically is in alignment with that of nearly every other reviewer on this page - highly unprofessional and largely unresponsive.  When I moved into the condo I was renting, he and I agreed on a set of issues with the unit that would be resolved in the ensuing weeks.  What transpired over the next THREE MONTHS was a series of outreaches on my part to ask for status updates and constant prodding of him to follow through on his agreements and promises.  IF he even bothers to respond to your emails, phone calls, or text messages, he will have conveniently forgotten what it was that he was supposed to be taking care of for you; you'll have to remind him and, in effect, start the process all over again.  At first I thought it was a matter of absent-mindedness - but the pervasiveness of his negligence has led me to conclude that his lack of care, concern, and follow through was the result of sheer incompetence on his part.  The owner of my condo recently fired him/Arizona Elite Properties and changed to a different property management company seemingly because he was having a similar experience as an owner that I was having with them as a tenant - unprofessional, uncommunicative, and unresponsive.  Thanks to his dereliction and dishonesty, the issues with my unit are still not resolved and I have to start all over again with the new property management company to get things taken care of.  So frustrating!  Now that I am working with a new property management company, I feel more comfortable airing my grievances publicly - as I am no longer beholden to his ineptness.  Seriously - I caution anyone to NOT give this company your business and be wary of Brian Markus - he's not professional at all and will inflict nothing but frustration on you and you will find yourself taking a lot of your own time to do a significant amount of follow up with him/them to get things taken care of.  Not worth it!  If I could give 0 stars, I would.  Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.
5	My wife and I have been living in an AZ Elite Properties managed condo for one year and just signed a lease for another. Our rep, Natalie, has been incredibly responsive and helpful over the past year that we've lived here. There have been a few minor to moderate incidents that have come up with normal wear and tear of a house, and each time Natalie has worked extremely quickly (quicker than we anticipated) to get those issues resolved. She's even worked with our landlord to allow us to do a few odds and ends around the house that help us "feel more at home" (painting, etc). We were a bit surprised to see some pretty negative reviews below - maybe we just lucked out with a nice landlord - but I can say that we have been continually impressed with the level of service we've received.
1	My wife and I rented a home from this company.  The home we rented was a furnished unit in a very nice neighborhood.  The house was a bit beat up as it was around 10 years old, but since we were just leasing the property, we took it as is.  BIG MISTAKE!!  We moved out to relocate out of state, and were charged for the damages to the home that already existed when we moved in.  Moreover, we were charged twice for cleaning due to pets.  The property managers never gave us an entry for the gate as they promised they would, and seemed to care more about their personal vacations then they did about the property we were leasing.  Once we got someone new to be the contact, the only time we saw her was the final walk through, and she seemed more interested in the house next door that was for sale than she was about our property.  Although we enjoyed the time we lived in the property, the move out experience and the charges that followed were horrific!  I would NEVER lease from this company again.  Some of the properties may be somewhat elite, but this company is just the opposite.
