5	My husband and I recently worked with Oscar at Superior Blinds and he went above and beyond to get our project completed within a very small window of time (we were building a home from out of state and were only on site for a short period of time). The product looks fabulous (Hunter Douglas). Oscar was professional and friendly and we could not have been happier with him, the company or the outcome. Thank you!!
5	We recently purchased a brand new home and got about half the windows covered with blinds by the builder before moving in. We quickly realized we should have probably gotten all of our windows covered so I called up our builder to see if we could get the remaining windows done. They were going to charge us about 4 times as much as when they originally installed so I figured I could find someone to do a pretty close match for a fraction of the cost.We received an ad in our mailbox for Superior Blinds so I thought I may as well get a free estimate to see how much it would cost and how closely they could match our existing blinds. Deborah at the office was very nice and professional and quickly contacted me to set up my estimate appointment. Oscar was also very nice and professional and said they could match the exact same brand/color. They ordered the blinds and set up my installation appointment conveniently on Veteran's Day. The installer was there for only 20 min and the new blinds look great. Not only was the customer service great, but they ordered and installed my new blinds for even less than I had originally paid through my builder. Such a great experience.
1	Oscar came out on October 7 to do my quote for vertical blinds on my sliding glass door. The following week I call to let him know that I was interested in moving forward to have them installed. He told me he would call me back in 10 minutes and I have not heard from him in over two days. I called his number back several times and I got no return call. When I called the company number rather than his own personal line I was told that he was the owner of the company and he would have to be the one to handle the installation for me since he had all the paperwork. Because of the inconsistency and lack of response I've decided to go with another company that is charging a little bit more but at least they return phone calls and respect customers time.
2	Really disappointed!  Ordered 3 shutters on October 31st. Was told 3 weeks.  Today they were supposed to be delivered and installed.  John called to say they weren't in the warehouse. He tracked them down and now they can't be installed until NEXT Tuesday because he's booked.  That's the downside in dealing with small companies. Not enough people.
