2	Anyone can slap a little paint and flair into a restaurant and say its not fake.  I cannot say for sure if this place uses original dcor or if its fake...either way it looks really nice on the inside.  I did enjoy the ambiance and my companion helped make my dinner enjoyable.  But in reviewing of this restaurant I can only give it two stars.  If the food is crap, dressing everything up around it will not improve the taste.The food was bland and I could not find anything special here.  A friend at another table came up after his dinner and was unimpressed with his food as well.The location is about six to eight miles out from the strip on Flamingo...unless you live close by it is a bit of a drive.  I would recommend McMullan's instead of Sean Patrick's.  Closer to the strip, live music, and more inspiring food make this a simple decision.
3	The beer selection is good, and the food isn't bad, but it isn't great either.  The place has good potential, but they need advertising.  A good deal of effort went into decorating the interior of the building.  The interior features lots of wood work around the doorways and booth seating.  Good atmosphere, but needs more people.
1	Avoid this place like the plague.I came here for a meeting last Tuesday night. Even though I was half an hour late, and the waitress did ask if I wanted something to drink when I first arrived, she was pretty much non-existent after that. I saw that the other people in the party had ordered food, and when the waitress finally showed up to bring the check for the other group members, I asked her for a menu (I thought it was odd that she did not ask when I ordered the drink if I wanted a menu as well). It took her FOREVER to bring one, and when she finally did, I never saw her again and she never came back to take my order. Plus, they wanted to charge me $4.00 for a glass of over-sweetened raspberry iced tea (this included a 20% tip!), and she didn't even DO anything!Not only was the meeting a disaster, but judging from the prices on the menu, the food was overpriced for an Irish pub. I'm kind of glad that I didn't order food, now that I think about it. I would think the food is as mediocre as the service. There are better Irish pubs in the city to go to, plus there wasn't that much business when I went in anyway, so there is no excuse why the waitress shouldn't have been doing her job. Save your money for a place that gives you way better service.
2	I'd rather be at McMullans!!  Nothing this place does is better or even to par as that place.
5	I've been eating at Sean Patrick's almost since it opened (it was too busy when it first opened, so we waited a couple of months). The decor is great, the ambiance is wonderful, the staff is always friendly and courteous. The beers on tap are nice, especially since I'm not a fan of American beer and their long list of beers only include two or three American beers. People seem to be complaining about the "bland" food, but I'm not quite sure what's so bland about it. My husband (a very picky eater) loves it, as does my teenager, and we eat there on a regular basis. I think I've had everything on the menu and while some of the items may not appeal to me, it's MY OWN personal taste, nothing wrong with the food.Yes, traffic to the business has died off, but since I don't enjoy waiting 30 minutes to get a table, I'm glad business has slowed. And then again, when you consider the economy, it doesn't take a genius to figure out why business has slowed.I reserved a room here for my wedding after-party.  Our waiter (don't remember his name, but we have his picture!) took very good care of us and we really couldn't have asked for anything better. Yes, this place is off the strip, but since I'm not looking for a club to party at and not looking to fight the crowds and wait 20 minutes just to get a beer or a burger, Sean Patrick's is perfect. This is a neighborhood bar, but it beats all the other neighborhood bars within a 4 mile radius (believe me, we've been to them all!).
4	i usually dine at the bar here, and its always pleasant. bartender here is friendly and they got GOOD FOOD! they've done a very nice job on decor here.  one time i did dine at the table it seemed like there was only one waiter covering the floor, but he was very attentive and helpful. :) i'll be back.
2	Eh. I decided to come here one evening with my wife and brother as we were hungry, wanted to try something new, and didn't want to venture far from the house. I pass this place regularly, so we decided on this place.The place is pretty large on the inside. A pretty large bar on one side, and then the dining area on the other. There also seemed to be two areas that could serve as private dining areas for parties. We happened to be the only diners (there were folks at the bar) when we went in. We were going to sit at the bar, but my wife forgot her ID, so we had to move to the dining area. I thought the decor was pretty decent. I've never been to Ireland, so I can't say what an actual Irish Pub looks like, but it had "Irish" items around. It was more open than other Irish Pubs I've been to. I did like the beer selection. Quite a few Irish beers, as well as others from the UK. The only domestics were the mass produced and the psuedo-craft Blue Moon. I had a Carlsberg for $4.50 which wasn't too bad. There was not the selection of "Irish" food that I was expecting, more "inspired" dishes. I had the nachos, my wife had the fettuccine Alfredo, and my brother had dessert. My nachos were ok, pretty standard. They use real cheese, so that is a bonus. My wife's dinner was a massive portion, but wasn't too flavorful. My brother enjoyed his pie. I probably wouldn't come back just to eat, but I would to drink, or to have a private party.
1	One would think...what a better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day than at a pseudo Irish pub! My wife and I arrived at 3:30 PM. The sign by the door said "seat yourself". We started through the dining room, spotting a nice table for two, when the 'hostess' appeared "Oh no I have to seat you". She proceeded to seat us at a booth which could have easily accommodated 7 people. Wound up at a smaller table. The waiter (?) shows up for our drink order, wife orders a coke and I (having a splurge moment) order a  Black & Tan. Coke arrived, no beer. 10 minutes later the beer shows up, in a very small PLASTIC CUP! Should have said something then but thought it was a special for the day. Tacky none the less. Order our food; soup for the wife and shepherds pie for myself which came with a salad.We chit-chat enjoying the sparse population of the dining room wearing green and having some fun. The decor of the place was very nice, but as I was once told, "You can't eat the curtains." I was just waiting for the salad as it is traditionally served before the meal. Food arrives, wife's soup looks good and is hot, no salad. My dinner is served a minute or two later, no salad. "Coming right up" he says. Mind you, the dining room and bar are not the least bit crowded. I was about 1/3  the way through my shepherds pie (good by the way) here comes the wilted salad. The waiter never came back, never. My wife was so irritated she went outside. A waitress came by to ask if I was 'finished' with my meal I said yes and asked her about the plastic cup. She said it was because it was St. Patrick's day, and I asked if that was a new Irish tradition as I am Irish and just wanted to keep up with the old country...Blank stare....no smile no nothing. No check. "I'll send him right over". Five minutes no waiter. I went to the hostess station where a guy and girl were franticly wiping off the grease marks from the seating chart totally ignoring the few people that did come in. She seated one party and left a woman standing at the door who happened to come by to pick up a to-go order. A waitress spots her and asks if she has been helped. I guess she was the back-up hostess when the others are busy with their grease pencils. Still no check, same waitress comes by same question...I explain.  Guess what? While I'm waiting by the front door, the waiter shows up with the check. I look it over. $6.00 for a small plastic cup of Black & Tan. No need complaining as it was St. Patrick's day and we were in a pseudo Irish pub with pseudo service, pseudo salad...you catch my drift right? And by the way.....there was no green left on the table.
1	Sean Patricks is an Irish Pub, serving Denny's quality food. They must have no faith in their cooks because everything is cooked with no flair.
5	I love Sean Patrick's. I've been there three times in the past two weeks and every time was wonderful. We got there after 7pm both nights and it was pretty much empty. We got great service. The waitress was fast to greet us, get us our drinks and take our orders. I ordered a blue moon, another person got a Captain and coke and another in our party asked for a Baileys & brandy, which the waitress had never heard of, but just asked what it was and had it made (the drink is fabulous, btw). We ordered dinner and everything I have had (mozzarella sticks, burger & fries, chicken caesar salad and chicken-mashed potatoes dish I don't remember the name of) was fantastic. Everyone else really enjoyed their dinner as well. The place is kind of smokey since the bar and the restaurant area aren't really separated, but it's okay if you don't really mind a light smokey smell. They have video poker at the bar. The ambiance is kind of ADD, without a really clear decor theme, but the music is soft in the background so you aren't shouting to talk to the people you're with. It's perfect for post-work meal/drinks with colleagues.If you like a drink with dinner and aren't too picky about your beer selections, want a big, filling meal, or want a great breakfast any time of day, this is a solid choice.
4	Basic Irish beers, can get too smokey, but food is excellent.
2	I used to be a semi regular at this place a couple years ago. I lived at the condos next door and would come for dinner and a beer after work. Was in the area last night do decided to stop by for a quick bite.         Went there with my gf and another couple. Was a little worried when I pulled in the parking lot because the place was completely deserted. We were 1 of only 2 cars in the parking lot at 8 pm. We walked in and there was a  couple people at the bar, which is actually busier than it looked outside. Decor was the same as I remember, pretty standard Irish pub.       We sat at the bar and checked out the menu which was updated and had a pretty decent selection. They also have a nice variety of beer but at $5.50 a pint, they are over priced compared to similar places in the area. We all decided to go the safe route and order sandwiches, since the place was dead we didn't want to be too adventurous with our order. I got the blta, which is a Blt plus avocado. Everyone's food was decent, I liked the fries quite a bit. I was disappointed to find out after the food came  that they were out of avocado. When I asked the bartender about this he gave me a weird looked and said " oh we're out of avocado" then just walked away. So it was a  ok Blt but was a rip off for 10 bucks and  wouldn't have ordered it had they told me they didn't have all the ingredients.       This place has decent bar food and good beer, but can't give it more than 2 stars because of the service and price. The bill was about $80 for 4 sandwiches and 6 beers. This place has potential, but with all the other options around town I won't be back anytime soon.
4	pretty good food at a fair price.
1	definitely not a spot to go and watch a game. bartenders refuse to turn up the sound on any of the TVs.. sandwiches are okay and the drinks are way overpriced for Las Vegas
1	We went there to eat and try it out.  We walked in they gave us menus and never seen them again.  We waited for 10 min.  DO NOT GO HERE.
1	Me and my wife went there to have dinner the service was horrible, let me rephrase that "what service" the guy hands me menus and walks off and never returns to take our order, if I could give them 0 stars I would. I work in customer service and this not the way customers are supposed to be treated! We will never ever come back here!
4	I love Sean Patrick's!! We live very close so we come here often.  Jeff, the bartender, is AMAZING!!  He is definitely one of the best bartenders that I have encountered.  They have a nice selection on tap and the food is affordable with large portions! We have never had any issues here.  I would definitely recommend!
3	First the good: the food was pretty good, I had the French dip and my boyfriend had the Morrisey's Meal. He loved every bit of his meal, the chips he said were delicious. I loved the French dip. The server was helpful and friendly. Our food came out quick and super hot!!!The places was beautiful, very Irish!!  I loved it! They had many different private rooms for small parties, and the bar set up was beautiful.Now the bad: when we went to go pay the server came back to inform us that the credit card machine wasn't working. She told us that she tried one of the guys at the bar like 3 times and it didn't work. If she knew this before we sat down it would of be more helpful. It was the bartenders birthday and to celebrate they doused her with water serval time. Which is fine, but i believe they took it alittle over board. They became alittle obnoxious.We hated the music selection!I think for an Irish pub they should of had a different selection of music besides country.
3	Overall Sean Patrick's is a decent place to go for lunch or dinner. There were a few things I didn't like, but in general I can see myself visiting there again.The food was delicious. Our server nailed it when she said everything on the menu was good. Even our drinks tasted wonderful, and I left feeling full and happy. Our server was very helpful and prompt, and our food came out so quickly that for a moment I wasn't sure it was ours! There was just enough attention throughout the course of our meal from the server that I didn't feel neglected or harassed. A couple of things I would have suggested they change were:-The music. I'm sure some people enjoy hearing country music when they go out to have fun, but when I eat at an Irish pub I expect there to be Irish music. Even something more contemporary would have fit the environment better.-Our table had uneven legs. This made it a little unnerving to have the table shift back and forth while we ate. A quick walkthrough by a manager to test each table for solidness would be a good idea.-One of the bartenders had a birthday, and several of the staff thought it would be fun to periodically douse her with a pitcher of water. I can see how this camraderie would help morale, but the horsing around continued for far longer than was necessary. -It was unfortunate that they had issues with their credit card machine and it's connection to the network. This problem caused them to have to use an old card swipe machine to allow us to pay. It would have been better if they didn't have an issue like that, but the speed at which they resolved it made the network issue almost nonexistent.Again, I believe this pub is a good choice for food and drink, and with some small polish around the edges can shine like the jewel it is.
4	Just walked in to check the place out. 50% of all drinks and pizza from 5pm-7pm then 12am-2am. It's a mellow spot. Nothing crazy which is what I like. Lots of tvs for sports, just let the bartender what you wanna see. It's in a nice area, nothing to crazy going on in the around which is perfect and I love it. Music choices are good. Ambience is dark and comfortable. Haven't tried the food yet, but their tall drafts are great. Prices vary of course. Miller lite pint for $3 and mugs for $5...mugs are the way to go.
4	When I came it was pretty dead. Soft opening I guess. Place looks great, nice staff, plenty of well placed TVs. It's a PTs with an Irish interior. Not a bad thing. Same PTs menu and happy hour. I am disappointed they don't have Irish nachos. Will be back.
1	The waitress was very nice. Martini's are very small and way overpriced, wine is overpriced. Food is a bit overpriced, I ask that my Burger be on Rye toast instead of a bun & they charged me $1.50 extra. Used a 25% off coupon, and the bill was still 50% too high. I will stick with the smaller companies. I think they just cater to beer drinkers. Left a VERY bad taste in my mouth of all of Golden Gaming.
1	I only order one item from here and it's pretty darn good. I always order the Nachos and for a square-sized styro box, it's priced at $9.99. It comes with real ground beef, crispy, salted nacho chips and all the regular toppings (salsa, guac, and sour cream).But since PT bought it and somehow took over, I don't think I'm buying from here again. After a long delivery at the hospital for my niece, I asked my brother to order me my nachos from here. The Nachos I got had sliced up hamburger patties instead of the ground beef. It honestly looked like left-overs. It was so disgusting. It looks like they also add a little bit of chili to the recipe. But instead of adding it as a topping, the put it underneath the chips making it more soggy, soaked with all the toppings on top of it.It honestly looked like someone just threw in whatever he could find from other people's scrap. It was so disgusting. Also, what used to be a good $10 is now $13. Wow.. I don't know if they changed their recipe since the change of management but I do NOT like it one bit. Also, for $3 extra for all that scrap? I used to like this place when it was just Sean Patrick's. Sucks they got bought out.
2	Being that we live right around the corner from this place we were excited that they were becoming a PTs location. Drinks are good, service is good, but the food was horrible! I ordered the most basic breakfast possible: eggs, bacon, toast, and potatoes. When the plate came out it just looked very messy and that it was thrown together. The toast was rock hard and had a chuck missing, probably because it was so hard. My eggs were cold and and the "breakfast potatoes" had NO flavor. And being that they were cooked with peppers and onions they should have been so much more flavorful. My boyfriend got the country fried steak and apparently his was okay... I was told I should come on the graveyard shift to get my food made by Dre. Maybe next time
4	After being turned away from TWO reserved bars, we finally landed at Sean Patricks Pub!Pretty basic layout with some awesome old school rooms and a pool table. The atmosphere was pretty typical, you have the odd couple that just met drinking their way to the bedroom, the silent gambler that presses the "deal/draw: button while slamming a beer, and the general tomfoolery that goes on. It wasn't too loud, and we appreciated that there were no belligerent drunks yelling and flailing around. Food was alright. Greasy bar food washed down with pitchers of Newcastle kept me satisfied while getting my ass kicked in pool! Nachos were okay, I would have appreciated seasoned ground beef instead of old beef fajita strips, but the garlic parmesean fries were amazing in their oily crispy goodness!Our server was pretty cool. Laid back blonde lady that made sure we had everything we needed. If we are in the area again needing some late night shenanigans, we will probably stop here!
1	If red head Melissa is working, turn around and go to another bar. Unless you are a regular you will get ignored. We sat waiting for 15+ minutes waiting for her to come by for another drink, she never came over. Thank you for turning a favorite watering hole into a place we place to never go back to.
1	Service Was The Most Biggest None Event Ever, If You Want To Go Eat Or Enjoy A Night Of Beers And Wine. Don't Go Anywhere Near This Place. It Makes Me Mad Because I Work in The Industry And I Am Intiminated By Yelp Reviews. But The Management Had There Employees Run Like Idiots With 10 Customers In The Bar. Absolute Mayhem. Cashed Out My Ticket On Video Poker. No Money Brought To Me, If You Drink Your Gonna Get Ripped Off....Don't Gamble Here !!!!!!! Terribly Disappointed !!!!!!
4	What do you expect differently from a PT's owned pub? Not much, right? They all have pool, a mediocre selection of draft beer, a bar, lounging area, happy hour for pizza & drinks, food specials, smoking, video poker, shuffleboard, music, parties of one, & the same food menu. What I enjoy about this specific Sean Patrick's is that it is superclean & home-y. It's comfy & doesnt feel so grimey or secondhand smokey (haha-yyy). It is just missing the jukebox. The Sean Patrick's pizza is yummy. Michael's awesome too!
4	I had the gluten free flatbread special... Chicken sausage, cheese, basil, tomato and caramelized onions. It was surprisingly tasty! The onion added an extra dimension of yumminess. The cheese was gooey without being overwhelming. Just right The crust had a nice crisp and terrific flavor. Not cardboard-y. My dining companion tasted and agreed that it's one of the best GF pizzas we've ever tasted. Friendly service, too. Dined midday on a Monday so it was on the quiet side, which was fine by me.
