5	Great spot for breakfast! Love the new decor. It's seriously beautiful in a casual way. Great service, they do not hurry you. And they even offered a Gluten Free Waffle that was delicious. I can't wait to go back for lunch and dinner. The 44th Street and Camelback area has become loaded with new places, all of which are great, but if you want a QUIET and very pretty sit down spot, go to Taylors Place.
3	I've been going to Taylor's Place for breakfast/brunch since it was Taylor's Cafe back in 2009. Every time I've gone the meal has been absolutely wonderful, and I would have given it 5 stars every time.  However, taking my mother here today as part of her Christmas present to the Nutcracker Suite Ballet was quite the letdown. I deliberately showed up two hours before the show to account for a busy Sunday brunch. My mother and I arrived and there was no one sitting outside, and inside there were 2 empty tables in the main area. When we sat down our waiter (yes I still use the old term) asked us what beverages we wanted, and we were served rather quickly. He asked if we wanted a few more minutes before placing our order and we agreed... He didn't show up for ten minutes. After we placed our order, my mother and I sat and talked. When I looked at the time, a half an hour had passed and we now had an hour and 15 minutes before the curtain. It was already going to take 15 minutes to drive there. My mother and I looked around and now the restaurant was less than half full. We called over the bus boy (yes I still use the old terms), and asked him to find out about our breakfast. He left and I waited to see where my waiter was. When the waiter appeared with no plates I'd had enough. I got up, which got his attention and told him my mother and I had been waiting for half an hour for our breakfast and the restaurant wasn't even busy. I told him my mother and I are on a schedule, told him I'd pay for our beverages ww no longer had time to wait for our breakfast. His answer? "We'll have them cancel your order, don't worry about the beverages." All I could think was,  "Cancel? Did you even bother to put in the order?" I must say Taylor's service has never been like this. I am greatly disappointed.
