4	Brasado Chocolates was one of our stops on the Tivoli shopping crawl. The chocolates look like art. I gave a box as a gift and my coworker said they were too artistic to eat. I also had a box at home my husband said the same thing but that didn't stop him from eating them. I have a feeling it didn't stop my coworker either lol. Thankfully my husband left me some. They were very good! We also purchased a piece of almond / chocolate bark . It was a perfect blend of salty and sweet!They have different sizes of chocolate gift  boxes that are perfect for any budget! They have small ones from $7.99 to medium ones at $15.99 . They also have bigger ones but I don't know how much they are. There is something for every chocolate lover here!
5	I love this place! I discovered it with a friend during a yelp shopping crawl, and have been back several times since. They have beautifully boxed chocolates, which I got for a  relative, for christmas. They also have a huge selection of chocolate by the pound! I recommend the cypress tress, almond bark, and peppermint bark for starters, though it all looks good!The chocolate is mostly made by the owners, and they really know their stuff. Really sweet too. You can find it in the tivoli village shopping center, across the street from charming charlies... I think..
5	I know its cliche that women like chocolates. I like weird and interesting chocolates. Everything from the key lime pear chips that are dipped in chocolates to the port wine squares of lovely! The owner is really kind and answered my husbands numerous questions about which chocolates used El Rey in their formulations.  I only wish there was a chocolate co-op in town so we could see the chocolate being made.
1	I called here to purchase chocolates and see if they could walk them over to a friend that worked in the store NEXT to the chocolate store in Tivoli, for her birthday. The person was VERY rude on the and told me to call back later. I told him that I could not as I would be in a meeting all afternoon, and he said "good, fine!". I then called back to see who I was speaking to, and it was the owner. I'm appalled at this service in a new store. They should be wow'ing their customers all the time, not turning them away. I'm sure the chocolate is great, but I can get good chcolate elsewhere in Vegas.
