4	Although this isn't my favorite place for drinking at night, it's definitely rising to the top of my favorites for brunch.  And the reason for this is largely because pretty much everything you order comes with a side of meat or hollandaise.  I also recommend the bloody marys, the old Madison photos on the wall, and the baskets of unshelled peanuts.
2	While usually the place you go when the Essenhaus is too full (or your ears are bleeding from the incessant polka), the Come Back is a fairly standard Wisco bar.Of note is their breakfast. Though the service can be spotty, the food is pretty tasty, especially if hung-over.  Case in point: I ordered some sort of canjun steak benedict and it was so tasty (or I was so bleary) that I missed the fact that the dish was lacking  eggs until the end of the meal.Review update: I need to stop rating places when I'm so hung-over I can barely type.  Visiting the Come Back In not clouded by the haze of last night's whisky can be a risky proposition.  Rude waitstaff, misplaced orders, and centipeds become much harder to deal with when clear-minded.
4	Another great downhome Madison place with a massive beer list and an exceptional brunch.  yah der hey.
4	Good breakfast...good peanuts...sorta like Essen Hause (which is connected), but different.
4	Excellent brunch, with a drink option.  Try the bloody mary!  Lots of beer options, including those from next door at the Essen Haus.And if you've never tried it, try drinking from a Yard.
4	26 beers on tap, cheap ass drinks, and all sorts of crazy steins and boots from which to drink your beer.  Didn't try their food but it's pretty cool that you can go back and forth between this place, Essen Haus, and Up North.  It's the most convenient mini-bar hop I've ever done.
4	When my boyfriend and I got to the Ruby Marie and were handed coupons for breakfast at the Come On In, I was afraid.  Very afraid.  Breakfast at a bar?  But I was really surprised by the brunch at this place.  There were around 20 dishes to choose from, and everything the boyfriend and I tried was quite good.  The Eggs Benedict were really tasty, and my cajun omelette was good (though not terribly spicy).  Add on a mimosa or a bloody for a dollar for the first one?  Yes, please.  We came back later to do some drinking, and the beer selection was nice.  Lots of tap choices, and lots of crazy steins to drink from.  Bonus - you can order food from the Essen Haus, so I was able to get Essen Haus wings while sitting at the bar here.  Major bonus!
4	I go there for the free popcorn. But be aware. If you order a "double" drink (Friday night) , that's $10 - - and I didn't think it was worth it.
3	there's sunday night karaokethere's a stuffed spotted cow on the tap of said beerthe place is called the "come back inn"the staff takes about 3 and a half hours to take your order
4	We went for the Sunday night karaoke.  The karaoke guy was a scary lookin mo fo.  But the song selection blew my mind.  I sang Bjork, people!  My friend Jason sang MIKA.  I was in heaven.  Some jack ass freaked out - kicking tables and shit around - while attempting to sing "Don't Stop Believin"  That was annoying.  I think if the karaoke guy hadn't been out smoking, he would have throttled the guy.  But who knows.  DJ Scary is on my good side though - he gave us a free bottle of champagne at the end of the night.  He mumbled something about a contest but not enough people sticking around.  Free booze = good times.Anyhoo, I also had breakfast here twice.  It was alright.  But nothing will ever top Smut N Eggs for breakfast in Madison.  It's just not possible.
3	This place is perfect for big groups because all of the tables are large, there's free peanuts and/or popcorn, and it's so big (especially combined with the essen haus) that there's always somewhere to sit- very few, if any, places downtown can say this. other than that, the service is fine, the food is fine, the atmosphere is fine....nothing too exceptional, but certainly good enough if you want to drink beer with a bunch of friends. (avoid mixed drinks- this place is for beer and they seem inexperienced at anything else)
4	One word: breakfast.Go here for breakfast, folks. It's amazing, especially if you're a traditionalist or a fan of the typical comfort breakfast food.Pancakes: light, perfectly chewy, golden crisp and perfect. Eggs: fluffy, no excess butter, perfect.Bacon: roasted. Need I say more?Potatoes: flavorful, crispy, yummo.The coffee is great as well, and the prices are excellent- our group ate for an average of $7 each and the portions were astounding.  Other best bets: biscuits and gravy are a great way to set yourself up for a nice nap; the Goldrush Scramble, with its skillet potato base, broccoli, bacon, peppers, onions, egg and cheese is as tasty as it is monstrous.I'm a fan. They also have great brews and free popcorn. Service was phenomenal and quick, even on a packed Sunday.
4	Vegetarian eggs benedict! Only $7 - and add a bloody mary for $1. You heard me, $8 breakfast that I couldn't finish, a half liter drink that of course I finished, and a great way to start out a long day of trekking the hills and valleys of Madison. The tap beers are also a buck if you order brunch on a Sunday, and the list is extensive and interesting. Luckily this was the first stop, otherwise the low low price of twenty bucks for breakfast would have been soured by the twenty pounds of hollandaise weight I gained.
4	Big fatty breakfast. This is what my review is about. My favorite Madison girls and I hit this place up every weekend that I'm around town. Refill my bottomless coffee mug one more time- This is where we hit reset in the morning.Prices are cheap, food is hearty and filling, and its a German pub..When you order breakfast, the following drinks are only $1 extra (unreal!) : Coffee, mimosas, bloody marys, beer (no joke- who the f orders a beer with breakfast outside of Wisconsin? or in Wisconsin for that matter??), juices, milk, or tea..The food isn't a culinary art, but this place feels like home.
3	This place isn't very good. If you are looking for a dive bar or cheap food, it's okay to stop in. Other than that, find somewhere else.As far as brunch goes - it's true, you get a $1 mimosa or bloody mary with a meal on the weekends.
2	One time the food was really good, another time it was questionable.  Has the ambience of a cheap bar.  Not really my thing.
2	I really wanted to like the Come Back because of its cool decor and classic bar feel. They also play excellent music most of the time. The one thing that ruined this place was the outrageous prices! One night a pitcher of Schlitz cost $18! Of Schlitz! You do get some free popcorn so maybe if you eat enough of that you can get your moneys worth. It is kind of a joke when you can go next store to the Essen Haus and find delicious German beer for a comparable price.
4	We were here for the free breakfast from Ruby marie.  Overall it was a really cool spot  and the breakfast was totally solid.  The inside decor was very cool, being a bunch of old-school beer memorabilia.  The breakfast, for being free, was an honest to god solid breakfast, complete with decent coffee.  I'd love to stop by and have a brew some day.
1	So, I've eaten here a handful of times, none of them impressive.  This last visit on 9/11/10 prompted me to write.  We met family for lunch, had a nice booth by the window and were plagued with flies the whole meal.  We had to repeat our orders to the waitress (who did right them down the first time), and when the food came to the table, even though its bar food, the presentation was terrible.  The chicken breast used for my sandwich was cooked as-is... therefore "squirted" out the far side of the bun because it hadn't been pounded to an even width (which seems like a no-brainer to me).  Toward the end of the meal, where everyone munches on the fries and visits, the waitress came along and took my plate from me as I was still eating, and asked, "Are you done with this?" as she walked away.  Guess I was.  Later inquiries of other friends and acquaintences found that NOBODY we know likes the Come Back In for anything other than breakfast.  In fact, all we asked said, "Don't bother going for anything but breakfast... It's the only good thing they serve."  Duly noted.
1	Won't be coming back.   The food was only mediocre and the service was bad.
5	You wanna know how much I love the Come Back In? Well, I ate breakfast here twice this weekend while I was in Madison.I never took advantage of this place when I was a student, and that's regrettable because I don't know if I've ever had such a delicious breakfast in Madison. The decor is decidedly German bierstube (like the Essen Haus next door) and the service was exceptional... but it's the food that sold me (twice).Your first breakfast drink (I got a spicy Bloody Mary) is only $1 and the greasy spoon schtuff coming out of the kitchen will make your tummy smile. They've got walleye and eggs, breakfast sandwiches on pretzel buns and all kinds of omelets and benedicts. My visits were quite different, even though they were only 24 hours apart. The first day, I was in a group of about 16 people (all of us UW alums). I ordered the huevos rancheros at the recommendation of my boyfriend. It's actually a breakfast burrito full of eggs, ham, green peppers and onions and smothered with cheese. It was so big I couldn't finish it. It came with those heavenly fried potatoes, which are thinly sliced and seasoned with salt, pepper, onions and maybe garlic... God's gift to hungover alumni. I also tried a bite of my friend's French toast, which is stuffed with cream cheese and altogether too rich for me. I don't like sweets at breakfast though--my friend really liked it.Today my boyfriend and I stopped there on our way out of town. I got the Gold Rush Scramble: a deceptively small skillet filled with a mixture of THE fried potatoes, eggs, broccoli, green peppers and onions and then topped with strips of bacon and gilded with Wisconsin cheddar. I would eat this every day if I still lived in Madison and I didn't care about my cholesterol. I practically hoovered my plate clean. Our HUGE feast (my scramble, his huevos rancheros + a side of corned beef hash, two Bloody Marys) set us back $19 + tip. Win.
2	This is an extremely average bar serving extremely average bar food. While, after a liter of German beer from Essen Haus next door, the sliders I ordered tasted delicious, I recognize that they weren't really much different from sliders that you can get anywhere else. My steak ones were extremely juicy and tender, while the chicken ones resembled cardboard. My friends' burgers as well as the cheese curds we shared were all average, reminiscent of the kind you'd get at any other bar.I wasn't especially impressed by the atmosphere. It was just a loud, crowded bar with your basic bar decor and Madison bar crowd. Our waitress also either got high before work, or someone decided her first day on the job should be on a busy Saturday night. She screwed up several parts of our order and didn't seem to be very familiar with the basic etiquette of being a waitress, like when to show up and when to walk away. None of it was too serious, but what really got me is that she didn't know anything about any of the beers on the menu. You work at a bar next to a German biergarten. Seriously?
5	If you want a real breakfast, then the Come Back cannot be denied.  We had a company Christmas party in downtown Madison Saturday night and beelined for the Come Back for breakfast on Sunday morning.  The breakfast menu is extensive and most items are cleverly created and satisfyingly greasy.  Don't get me wrong, though, this is not a greasy spoon.  My husband and I got the classic eggs benedict.  It came with perfectly poached eggs and wonderful Rosemary hollandaise.  The fried potatoes were generous.  Of course, we partook in the $1 bloody marys.  OMG ... really?  I couldn't get enough.  The best part of our breakfast was the service.  Our waitress was prompt and friendly without hovering.  She was always there to fill the coffee.I can't believe it is so hard to find a good breakfast for under $10, but this is definitely the place to hit.  It seems to be a hidden gem among the urban crowd, but everyone is welcome at the Come Back In.  Apart from Mickey's, this is the only other breakfast place I will visit in Madison.Don't let any of the bad reviews sway your enjoyment.  This place is a must try.  See it yourself.  I don't think you will be disappointed.
4	I always have a good time at Come Back In. Friendly people (both staff and patrons), plenty of seating, and a good selection of beer. On Sundays they've got karaoke, and several nights feature bands that offer a contrast to the polka happening next door at Essen Haus. I haven't had a chance to try their brunch (working on Sunday mornings has really put a damper on the lush life), but I've never heard anything less than stellar reviews from friends.
2	They have good music, good beer, but the manager is a terrible person.
1	I never liked or disliked the Come Back In - it's a typical bar and has good beer choices.  They always offered me a chance for my band and I to play there, and exposure is always good.  However, I never liked the manager, since all he does every time is yell at his staff and glare at everyone.  He really creeps me out, the way he's always staring and crap.  Anyway, last time we were there, it was below zero outside.  We noticed a dick patron had left his yellow lab in his car with the windows all up and no blanket just to go inside and drink (people like that should never own anything that relies on them, btw) and he had been in the bar for a long time, because the windows were all nearly frosted over.  I mentioned this to the manager since he checked my ID at the door, and he said, "Who the fuck cares, it's a damned dog," and shooed me inside.  1. that is freaking RUDE to say to a CUSTOMER.  2. yes it is a dog, but that is animal cruelty.  I got a seat with my friends and kept an eye on the guy.  Sure enough, just like all other times, he yelled at his staff and glared at the customers, doing nothing else.  The cops showed up then and talked to him and he was pissed as all hell that someone (no, it wasn't me lol) called the cops to his establishment.  And yes, it was about the dog in the car in negative degree weather.  I was close enough to the situation to over hear it, and the guy was a dick to the cops too, saying things like "I don't f*cking care," and "who called you?!  Tell me!"  This guy is a real piece of work.  After the cops left, I decided I 1. never want to come here again unless it is managed by a more decent person and 2. never will accept their offer for my band to play in a place that is managed by this guy, who obviously hates his job, customers, staff and, well, life.  Until he is gone, I will never set foot in that place again.  And, as I was leaving (he was yelling at staff at that time), I told him just that.  He told me to f*ck off.  Now keep in mind I was always polite in what I was saying to him.  No customers should be treated this way.  I don't care if you don't care about the dog in the car, this review is based on how rude the guy is and how he should be told off and hopefully never comes back to work again.
2	I have to admit, the first time I stepped in I was incredibly unimpressed.  It's big, they sell GIANT glasses of beer and the crowd is a bit too eclectic for even this guys tastes.  That's usually a recipe for disaster...  but for some reason this place is growing on me.  Sure, it's not my favorite bar in madison.  It's not even in my top 20.  I wouldn't make this a weekend destination, but it fills that niche of  "Hey, you wanna grab a beer?"  Plus it's close to home.Weeknights are pretty quiet, you can sit and have a conversation and drink.  Sometimes that's all you need out of a bar.  The Come Back is not good, it's definitely not bad... it just IS
3	Brunch food is great. The rosemary hollandaise sauce made the omelet special. If you have to sit at the bar while waiting for a table though, they charge you full price for bloodys.
4	There are 2 reasons I love this place:1. Weekend brunch.2. Great joint for kicking back with some friends and ordering tasty pitchers of beer. For brunch I LOVE love love their crab cake & asparagus eggs benedict. Although last time I had it the asparagus was overcooked and they slopped too much hollandaise on everything. The crab cakes, however, are always DEEEELISH! Also can't beat the drink deal they have with the breakfast items - only $1 for a full sized bloody mary?? Yes please!
4	You want beer?  Come back here! Great for weekend breakfast/brunch, with tables outdoors if you'd like to brave the elements.  Those include a drink for $1 - I prefer a half-liter of a Milk Stout if it's on tap. 26 taps and a ton of bottles. Craft brew and imports are the name of the game, with many German imports due to their affiliation with the Essen Haus next door.If you're here in the evening, you can migrate between the Come Back and the Essen Haus where they have even more beer and pretzels and German food. Service is pretty good as much of the waitstaff have many years of experience working here. Live bands sometimes, although the acoustics are rough in the Come Back. Basically, this is a great beer bar with decent food and good service. Grab a boot while you're here, you crazy person you. They have a large lot for parking with parking ramps/lots nearby if it's full. Over 10 TVs if you're looking to watch a game, and they also have darts, some video games and a jukebox.4 stars, because while the beer is excellent, the food can sometimes be hit and miss, and it can also get uncomfortably loud in there, especially when there's a band.
3	Big beers, peanuts and a decent breakfast?  Enough said..
4	A Madison institution. Beer list? Beer List! Great food, and part of the Essen Haus empire when it comes to beer.
5	Had a great breakfast of walleye and eggs after my football team (Oregon State Beavers) got murdered the day before at camp Randall.  Bloody mary was good too!
2	I always think I'm going to love this place, but then when I'm actually there it's just not that great. Good for groups, though, because the tables turn over pretty fast.
4	Surprisingly this is a great place for weekend brunch, especially if you are a fan of eggs Benedict.  I think they also have a brunch drink special where you can get a beer or a mimosa real cheap with breakfast.  Also a great place for happy hour and maybe throwing back a boot with friends.  (If you are unfamiliar with the boot, its a giant glass boot filled with beer that you pass around the table.  popular at essen haus next door but you can also get them here)
2	They have raised their prices, but not the quality.
1	Oh, Come Back Inn. You may be a relative of Hotel Rubie Marie, but you are a distant one to say the least. I live a block up from this restaurant, and seeing as I has never been before, I decided to eat dinner here. Before the shit storm starts, let me say that the style of the place is very cool, if not a step back in time to a different social era. It is disturbing to note that there was a very discriminatory atmosphere that night. I was shocked to overhear the lady who manages dismissing gay marriage as a "fad"... I actually feared for my safety as the manager seemed to have set a bad tone within the restaurant. The food was pretty good, but I'm afraid that was ultimately meaningless, as  the atmosphere was not accepting of others... This manager has some explaining to do.
2	Great Beer Selection, Great Wings, Mostly Bad Service, Horrible Management.Let me preface this by saying that I've been a regular of the Come Back In for more than a decade, the earlier years out of choice, more recently because ...  well, I think it's really just that my friends like the free peanuts and popcorn and I get outvoted if I suggest going elsewhere too often.PROS:- The afore-mentioned free popcorn (good and salty - serve yourself as you come in next to the bar) and free peanuts in the shell (ask for them at the bar).- They have an excellent beer selection, roughly two dozen tap beers split evenly between Wisconsin microbrews, other American microbrews, and imports, plus a big case filled with a good variety of imports and in-state and other American microbrews in the bottle.  Like something German next door at the Essen Haus?  Ask for it and they'll pop through the adjoining door and get you a mug of it (same ownership).- Their buffalo wings are very good, as good as any in town from BW3, Quaker Steak & Lube, or anywhere else, plus are bigger and meatier (I usually ask for them to cook them extra crispy to make sure they're fully done) and only cost 50 cents each.- They have a beer club.  Every sixth tap beer you order is free, fill out the card (around 40-50 beers) and get a free meal.- Some of their servers and a few of their bartenders are very pleasant and are really nice and give good service.  Don't expect to see them again next time you pop in a month later, though (see below)-They have some interesting stuff as decorations (huge Native American arrowhead collection, lots of vintage UW sports memorabilia, lots of vintage beer cans, signs, tap handles, etc..)CONS:- The regular weekday bartender, the bespeckled Jen, the only front-of-the-house employee to survive here long-term, is, to be blunt, mediocre-to-crappy in every way.  She might look like a kindly librarian, but she's stingy and gives the bare minimum of service.  She has poured hundreds of beers for me over the years, and EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM has been a short pour.  Think that a bartender should offer something on-the-house to a regular customer (up until then a good tipper, too) on his birthday?  That's reasonable, isn't it?  Well, not to Jen.  Think a bartender should tell long-standing regulars about the bar's beer club so they can avail themselves of free beers?  Jen sure didn't - she kept mum about it for years and it was only when a short-lived new bartender who asked us for our beer club numbers and explained about the program that we learned of it.  Jen, if you read this review, it's time to learn that a gratuity-based service provider who doesn't provide good service doesn't deserve a good tip - that's why you're probably making less money now than you did 5 or 10 years ago.- The manager, a middle-aged guy with 1960's glasses and a mean stare is, to be blunt, one of the least friendly, most unpleasant, most overbearing, least-customer service-oriented,  etc... (I could go on with negatives to exhaust the review word count without coming close to finishing) .  When I discovered that the lovely Jen had failed to tell us about the beer club and refused to do something about it, I talked to the manager, explained that as I was sure he recognized, my friends and I were regulars for years, we had lost out on free beers for years.  He mumbled a curt "Sorry" and walked away.  I was astonished.  I had to chase him down and told him that we had essentially been cheated out of many free beers and that as regulars of his bar for a decade, he ought to do something about it for us.  He grumbled and bitterly said "OK, I'll give you a free round."   That was it.  One free beer each.  Additionally, the manager hovers and over-supervises, making for a unpleasant atmosphere, plus he's a royal ass to his employees, which is why this bar has probably the highest turnover rate of any business in town.  Given that most bartenders, for the few weeks that they can stand working here, won't fill a beer mug all the way,  I suspect that the manager orders them to pour short.- The food, other than the wings, is so-so, very typical bar food, not as good as the late night menus from Chilis, Applebees, etc...  Breakfast is supposed to be good, but haven't had it.As soon as the new Ale Asylum brewpub opens near the airport, I think I need to convince our gang to frequent there or else to the Malt House for beer or Alchemy for beer and food when service has been too bad at the Come Back In.  As I write this, I feel kind of dumb for having given this bar so much of my business over the years.  In summary, if you like good beer and good Buffalo wings,  plus can tolerate mediocre-at-best service, you might like this joint.  Otherwise, it's entirely skippable.
3	No longer $1 bloody mary's on weekend.  sad face.But for $3 you can get a bloody mary or a mimosa and you don't have to order breakfast.  And boy, are those tasty.
3	This is a cool breakfast spot. We have a party of 12-16 and they accommodated quite well. Large tables, easy to move around. Even provided separate checks with no hassle!Nice variety of breakfast options. The biscuits and gravy plate was good, but not the best I've had.  $4 bloody mary's and mimosas...and they come in a pint glass, so they're big! Pumpkin pancakes were awesome! Decent prices. Not the best breakfast food ever, but for the price, it's not bad.
2	First off, the host was welcoming and fast, and the waitress rocked. She knew we had to be somewhere soon and got the order in and delivered quickly.  She even took care of the bill quickly and kept waters refilled. 5 stars for service.The food is hearty and filling, but also extremely greasy.  It has that cheap restaurant, partially-hydrogenated-vegetable-oil-thickened-and-flavored-with imitation-butter-flavor viscous mouthfeel all over the omelet, potatoes, and toast.  Probably something like "Pan & Grill" or "Savory" or "Whirl" that is all the rage at your local Denny's and I-Hops, and usually used with a heavy hand by line cooks who need to re-use that pan for the omelet after yours and don't want the chance of anything sticking.  This is convenience food.  Convenient for the line cooks, not so much for your belly.  The asparagus in the omelet was tough, but then, I shouldn't have been ordering asparagus in Wisconsin in October!  I accept responsibility for that poor choice.  The "sauce" while having a nice hint of rosemary, also appeared to have been made with that nasty, 35 pound jug of phony butter product.  If you want to feed people that nasty, greasy, thick, movie-popcorn flavored excuse for butter, you'd better be charging a lot less money than you are now.  You're cheap, but not cheap enough for this greasy fare.  Fun atmosphere, bad coffee, greasy food.  I would suggest this as a decent beer bar maybe, until they get a lighter hand with the Whirl grease.
5	Excellent and variable beer selection. Outdoor seating in good weather. Friendly staff. Huge breakfasts (and if you love rosemary hollandaise sauce, heaven), and pretty darn good lunch and dinner food. I recently had fish fry there, and tried the fried perch. I'm not happy that they cut back on the rye bread and cole slaw, but the fish was about the best I've ever had. It was moist, tender, and with a light non-greasy batter. Another great thing about the place: It's good lots of huge family-style tables, so it's excellent for group dining and hanging out.
2	Worst.  Service.  Ever.  Some are very nice but inept.  Some are terribly rude.  The perma-manager (Neil - he must live there - he is ALWAYS there) who lumbers around like Frankenstein (with the scowl to match) is not at all focused on customer service.    But the beer selection, free peanuts and GREAT popcorn almost make up for it.I visit here nearly weekly with a group.  We just have beer, maybe some wings - our needs are pretty minimal, but we have fun joking about how CBI consistently sets new records for poor service.  We occasionally get a good server, but they're usually gone by the next visit (come back, Dallas!).  It must be a terrible place to work because the staff turnover rate is clearly very high.What food I have had here is fine - not great, not terrible, just fine.  The wings are very good.  Skip the pretzels they bring over from Essen Haus - they are typically dry and old.
4	Ahhh... the Come Back.  Usually I stop in for a tasty beverage (and free popcorn) - the place never disappoints in that realm.  The cozy atmosphere, great service and the occasional treat of live music all tickle my fancy. But sometimes, yes sometimes, I go there for the food.  And when I do, I'm always pleasantly surprised.  Last night's dining selection was the French Dip.  So yummy.  High quality meat, swiss that tastes like swiss and thick bread to soak up the au jus.  The mushrooms and onions are just a bonus at that point.  I'll definitely be back!
4	great customer service, wonderful salads, and great cheese curds :) I enjoyed it!
4	Went there for an early brunch on a Sunday morning, and I am definitely a fan!  I got the Crabcake and Asparagus Benedict with a side of bacon.  Both were AMAZING!  The crabcake was perfect and the hollandaise sauce was magnificent!  The eggs were poached perfectly and the asparagus added such a great flavor.  The dish also came with a side of potatoes, which were a little greasy for me, but still tasted good.  The bacon is thick cut and you get 4 pieces as a side!  There was so much food that I left half a piece of bacon that I just couldn't eat - and I LOVE bacon, so that's saying a lot!  Of course, what's brunch without drinks?  My friend got a mimosa and I went for the bloody mary with a spotted cow chaser.  The bloody mary was okay.  It's served with a lemon wedge and pickle, and has a salt/pepper rim.  Pretty good, but not the amount of spicy that I like in a bloody mary.  Although, I guess for $3 it's not bad at all.  Our server was really nice and prompt with everything we needed.  Overall, I'd definitely go back for brunch!
1	Don't order the walleye!  Bones, badly dethawed, need I say more.
3	Sit at the bar if you can, and things will be much better and more enjoyable. Table service (inside or outside) remains slow and a bit inattentive. Neal (manager) is still there, but seems less obtrusive than he has been in the past.Popcorn is hit-or-miss; sometimes it's spot-on. Other times it's burned and/or far too salty. Soft pretzels are still a bargain.Love the tap selection, and I can't help myself from getting the 1L size each time (I'm a glutton). They've added a sand volleyball court in the parking lot. Final verdict: come here for drinks or brunch. Sit at the bar.
4	7/4/13 My wife and I stopped at the Come Back In.  Thursday it's Happy Hour all day!    We started inside with Ale Asylum's Bedlam.  Then had another round.  I switched to Left Hand's Milk Stout.  On our way out we got trapped by the sounds of the Midwesterners playing the sounds of Americana.  We had to listen and ordered another round of pints while sitting on their patio.  They offer a nice breakfast.  We're a fan of their burger and Rueben sandwiches.  They make great fries.  ;-)
2	The man stumbled upon The Comeback In for brunch and really liked it.  When he talked about the different combinations of food and their delicious pancakes I was stoked to try it.  When we finally decided to try it on a Saturday morning I was definitely not as enamored with the place as he was. I don't know if I was expecting the place to be different just because I was there for breakfast but this place is totally a bar that is trying its hand at breakfast as well.  I mean I had been there for drinks a few times but I somehow expected a different vibe when we went for breakfast.  My wish was not fulfilled.  Instead I was led to a sticky, lopsided table with a waitress that look like she'd been working there for 45 years.  None of that matters much right? Well it wouldn't if the food was superb.  But it wasn't.The place is mediocre at best.  They love oil and make you well aware of it.  The first time I visited here I ordered the walleye with toast.  I know that it is not typical breakfast fare but I love me some walleye.  Anyway, got the walleye, tried the walleye, but didn't like the walleye.  It was oily as all get out and one side was burned.  The toast was slathered in butter, yuck.  My over easy eggs were simply just gross.  They were really watery and completely inedible.But what do you do when you have a meal like that?  You go back to try it again.  I went back to try the pancakes that the man said were the best pancakes he ever had.  I ordered them with the walleye (again), along with the potatoes.  I could go into a long description as to how oily everything was (again) and how the potatoes looked as though they had been stuck in the tread of my tire.  But I wont.  I don't like this place and I def will not be back.  Not for breakfast anyway!
1	Once or twice a year I tell myself to try this place again. I need to stop listening to the voices in my head.Some of the slowest, rudest employees/servers I have ever come a crossed. Looks like there more concerned with getting out of there as fast as they can, rather than taking care of there customers. Definitely would not suggest this place to anyone that I liked.
5	Great drinks, great atmosphere, great service and one of the few places in Madison that has PBS on television! I've long sought out places where I can sip on a beer and enjoy my favorite PBS programming but I finally found my Shangri-La in the Come Back In.
5	Had breakfast here with our stay at the Hotel Ruby Marie (B&B).- came 2 mornings in a row for breakfastThe first time had just awesome pancakes ---- but the second time had my wife's breakfast the morning before....Big portions - bring your appetite. Good coffee.Suggestion: Try adding Cinnamon/brown-sugar (even raisins) to the pancakes and waffle choices.Excellent service - great food - big portions - no wonder why they are popular
5	Awesome historic brick architecture. Great beer selection. Super friendly and engaging staff. Check out the salt/pepper saker selection.
4	I've always thought that the 'Come Back In' should  be called the 'Come Back Inn'...it was a missed pun opportunity in my opinion.Anyway, I've been to the Come Back In approximately 20 times in the four or so years since I discovered it. Lots of times, I came to drink. It's a fun bar, especially when you're looking to go out in an "off" time, like a Sunday night. The place usually always has people inside, which lends a fun vibe!The food at the Come Back In is solid. I've had a few things that I haven't loved, and it's not fancy, different, or creative. However, most of the food that I've tried has been in the 3 or 4 star range...especially their breakfast! If you go for breakfast/brunch, try the Crabcakes and Asparagus Eggs Benedict. It's so rich, that I've never been able to finish them, despite their high taste coefficient. The Huevos Rancheros are really just a breakfast burrito, but they're also fab. The prices are really affordable at the Come Back In, and I think the quality of the food that you get is much better than you would expect. It's a good value, and I don't think that's true for every restaurant. Take their late night special of $3 for a burger and fries. It's a small burger, yes, but you can choose from a variety of toppings for the burger, and several different kinds of fries (Parmesan, cajun, regular). It's a fantastic deal, and nothing tastes quite as good as a burger when drunk, IMO. Even if you're not drinking, it's a good deal for a late dinner, and I think the special starts at 10:00pm. Cheaper than McDonald's, and far better. Unlike some other nearby restaurants (ahem...I'm looking at you, Great Dane), the Come Back In is a great place to go with a group. They are accommodating, respectful, more than willing to split checks, and big enough that usually there is little to no wait. Real life story: One Sunday last summer we had a group of ~10 people for brunch and El Dorado Grill next door wanted us to wait for an hour. After an hour had passed, El Dorado wanted us to wait for 30 minutes more. Instead, we walked down the road to the Come Back In and were seated immediately. We sat outside and had cheap and delicious Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, and excellent food.Perhaps my favorite thing about the Come Back Inn though, is the service. Now, the service itself isn't necessarily perfect. Sometimes the waiters can be a little rough around the edges...most are college kids, after all. They might forget to bring your drink until you remind them, or they might not know the answer to a question you have about the menu.  However the *attitude* of the majority of the staff at the Come Back In is what makes it different. Even though they screw up occasionally, they always try to make it better. One time we stopped in right before they stopped serving dinner, which was kind of a dick move on our part, but they sat us and said, "no problem! we can totally still serve you" and were cheerful and great about the whole thing. Another time, I went for dinner/drinks with a big group and the food was taking awhile to come out. The waiter arrived with several baskets of complimentary popcorn and peanuts without being asked, because he anticipated we might be getting hungry. It's refreshing not to have waiters who roll their eyes when you ask for a refill of your drink or an additional side or condiment for your meal. It happens to me in Madison more often than you'd expect, but this sort of thing has never happened to me at the Come Back In. The Come Back In is not fancy, and it's not perfect, but I really like it, and I'd pick it over many other "nicer" and more popular restaurants on the near East side any day!
3	Time for my annual update.+ Bar service remains your best bet. Sit at the bar, and things will be good.+ 26 beers on tap, but they don't seem to rotate often, save for a few seasonals.+ Good selection of bottled beers- Popcorn is still hit-or-miss. It's usually far too salty, and I *love* salt+ Soft pretzels are awesome, even if they come from the freezer and are heated to order+ Decent jukebox+ Neal is getting better and more personable
5	We are regulars for weekend breakfast at the CBI so I won't be reviewingthe food.This 5-star review is for our server, Nancy.  So professional, accommodating, and extremely nice and pleasant!!!!  CBI is lucky to have her on their staff!!!!!
4	This place is pretty great. The prices aren't the best, but they're not bad. They drinks are almost always great. I got an incredibly weak fish bowl here once. I split it with one friend and felt nothing. I'm going to chalk it up to one of the works hating me for other reasons not related to this restaurant. It's still pretty shitty to get bad service because of a stupid grudge.The late night cheap burgers are fantastic. They're not the biggest, but I can never manage to finish one so they're really not bad. I absolutely love their breakfast. The free popcorn is great usually. Sometimes it's a little on the salty side. The music is usually pretty good. One night the screens were playing different music videos than the one over the speakers. That lead to some great laughs. Turns out older music is really funny when matched up with rap videos.The environment of the bar is always really great. Sometimes it's really weird (like with an overwhelming crowd of middle aged people in Santa outfits or a group of cougars squealing and dancing to Blurred Lines), but it's always a blast.I've heard some truly terrible things about the owner. A friend used to rent one of his apartments.  I'm not going to get into that though, but I will say that the guy always gives me the creeps. He usually stands in the corner and just watches people. Never saying anything or every doing anything.Also, this is for sure a no vape zone. The owner gets angry at the mention of it.
5	This was my first time in Madison and I am so happy that my friends brought me to this joint for breakfast. Not only was the waitress funny, but the food is amazing! I tried their crab benedict and let me tell you I have been craving the rosemary hollandaise sauce for days ever since.
3	German beer hall type place. Dark and woody with lots of stuff on the walls and ceilings. Beer was good and served in a large heavy glass. People were enjoying the bar while the badger game was on, very noisy at times. If you want a German beer hall good time than this just might be the place.
4	So, this is our place for a Sunday brunch. The service staff is great (big ups to Chloe!) and the atmosphere is pretty much exactly what I am looking for on a Sunday morning (i.e.-dim lighting and good beer!) I will say that the food is about average (although, if you learn tactics like making sure to order bacon crispy and things like that, things get a lot better.) Basically, if you are looking for a no-nonsense place to grab some grub on a weekend morning, this is a pretty good bet. Plus, they have great prices on drinks and bigger beers (for cheaper) than any place else I have found in town. Add to that a beer and food card club (get so many, get one free), and you have a winning place. Also, if you go and get Chloe for a server, tell her Brent and Tina say hi! ;)
4	My first time for brunch at the Come Back In was with friends at 10:00am on a Sunday.  This place seems like a great place to enjoy a greasy spoon style breakfast, sip on some $3 mimosa or bloody marys and watch football.  There are lots of tvs and one can see a screen no matter where you're sitting.  I ordered a mimosa and the Big Breakfast which comes with choice of meat, style of eggs, and bread or pancakes.  This was perfect for me as I usually want something savory for breakfast, but I am often tempted by the thought of fluffy and mildly sweet pancakes.  This was my idea breakfast as it combined a little sweet with a little savory.  It also comes with potatoes but I wasn't impressed with the potatoes.  I liked the mimosas.  It was light on the alcohol, but that's how I like it at 10am in the morning.  Plus, for $3 it felt like a steal.
