4	This restaurant has changed hands a few times over the years, but I hope this one sticks, because it's lovely. The owners have form, having come from the successful 'Mya' Indian / Thai restaurant down the road on Commercial street. Although the decor is (for now) largely unchanged from the building's previous incarnation as Amani, the kitchen and other facilities have been completely replaced - a move which suggests the new owners have their priorities right.This seems to be confirmed by the quality of the food, which was splendid on the night I went. Both the Indian and Thai sides of the equation stood up to scrutiny, in terms of the ingredients and preparation. The Tom Yum Gai starter was spot-on: delicate and fresh, but packed with flavour to line you up for the main course. The only slight (very slight) let down was the chicken panang, which was a tiny bit insipid.The service was really great - very friendly and nice chat. The owners don't drink, so after the meal we were all invited to try a couple of new wines they were considering adding to the list (which is, incidentally, pretty impressive).I'll definitely go back soon - and take a few more people, so I can try out more of the menu!
5	Wandered in here on a whim with my fiance after a failed attempt to get dinner at another place near it and boy, were we floored! The decor is absolutely stunning and the atmosphere is decidedly upscale and classy. We were greeted by a lovely woman (who later identified herself as the wife of the owner) who was incredibly warm and attentive to our table all evening. The menu features a good mix of Thai and Indian dishes. All of them sounded so good that it was difficult to make a decision. In the end, we decided on the Mintleaf Special for a starter, the Gaeng Keow Warn and the Panang. All of them were extraordinary. By far, some of the best Asian food I've found in Edinburgh. Make sure to try the coconut rice. As someone who is not a huge fan of rice, this stuff might be my new favourite thing. It's so sticky and creamy. The staff were all very friendly and after the owner's wife heard we were getting married, she was kind enough to show us their upstairs function rooms and explain how having an event there works. She really went above and beyond for us and was so friendly the entire time. For anyone looking for a beautiful space to have a meal or event at, I would highly recommend Mintleaf. We'll definitely be back!
5	I was a bit skeptical of eating at a place that serves Thai and Indian but this place was phenomenal!  The flavors were excellent and the staff was very courteous.  I will definitely dine here again when I'm in Edinburgh!
