5	Is there some kind of registry I need to sign up for?  I'm already a Patty's Closet stalker and now I have one in my backyard!  "I swear, officer, I will only shop here once a week..."So if you don't know the setup, here's how it works: every Patty's in town sells different items, so even if you shop at one you will find completely different pieces at another.  They also only carry 2 of each size for a particular item and they never reorder.  For their accessories, there is only one of each.  Basically you never have to worry about running into someone with the same outfit as you!  The selection ranges from bright and bold to black and sophisticated to colorful and girly.  Oh, and did I mention they have really great prices?  Well they do.This location in particular is brand spankin' new and I have to say that I really like the style of it.  A little homier feel?  I can't place my finger on it, but I do know that it's nice and bright and despite being the grand opening the employees managed to keep the store clean and organized. I found several things I liked and took advantage of the 20% off special they offered for the opening day.  I am really going to have to learn to stay away from here unless I want to be broke by the end of the summer.In the Wal-Mart plaza next to U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt.
5	I don't know much about women's fashion or cloths I suppose, however I can say that my wife absolutely loves this place, she always comments how everything is a fantastic price.  The other doctors wives rave about this place also.
4	I was so glad when they opened a store on my side of town.  TY!!  Finally!!  Love the atmosphere and the employees there.  Always helpful and nice.  Would love to see more accessories though, but I never leave the store empty handed!!  :)
5	This place is hot. And this particular place is an absolute gem. They have great clothes, jewelry, and awesome style!I am totally in love with all of the Patty's Closet stores around Las Vegas because I just love fashion. So sign up for the text club, stop by, shop a ton, check in via Yelp, and check out their instagram & sister stores!Patty's Closet is organized and unique. They are the only boutique that I continuously shop at. I'm in love! :)
