5	When you want it to be clean, you need Clean 'N Fresh. I like the fact that, when I call upon Clean 'N Fresh, I know that I am receiving quality services from a cleaning expert. Norma and her crew has the knowledge and experience to to clean just about anything and will leave your home AND office looking and smelling fantastic! I highly recommend this business.
5	My carpets have never looked better thanks to Clean N Fresh Carpet Cleaning and Norma's Team. I so highly recommend them for carpets, floors and area rugs.
5	As a Realtor I depend on my "team" to do a good job.  Norma Mc Cormick and her team are part of my "team".  They are who I call on to do not only carpet cleaning but complete cleaning of homes.  They just turned what was once white carpet...then dark gray back into white!  In this same home their had been a heavy smoker and they were able to clean the home including the walls and get most of the smell out.  Thanks again for a tremendous job.
5	Norma is passionate about her business, no doubt. Her team takes customer service to a whole new level. I'm not sure what their secret is, but they are able to perform top notch cleaning services, and in a quick time frame. I would defintley recommend this company to anyone looking for a quality commercial carpet cleaner.
5	This was one of the best experiences I have had with carpet cleaners. I just moved into a new place and was having issues with other services being on time and doing a good job (painters, lawn maintenance, etc.). Sean arrived on time with a great attitude. He worked around the late painter and made a difficult situation seem like a breeze. Not only did he provide great service, but he took all the stains out of the carpet and ensured it dried quickly so we didn't have to reschedule the painter. I also own a rental property, which requires cleaning every time I have a tenant change. I will use them for all future needs and recommend using this service to anyone wanting excellent service.
5	Yes I agree with all the 5 star ratings. I am a professional cleaner as well and I sub out all my expensive and  special area rug cleaning to Clean 'N Fresh Cleaning Service. They always deliver on time at a very reasonable rate. When I needed to make special arrangements to pick up a rug late one evening, Bridget, Norma's assistant met me with the rug to accommodate my schedule. Thanks for all you do.
3	Saw the 5 star yelp add. Disappointed, looked clean when wet, lots of spots the next day. They said it would dry in 6 hours, but was still very damp when my furniture arrived that evening. Everything had to be put in garage and on the patio.
