3	I bought a cannoli pastry to take away.  Mmmm I could say I was bowled over. it was tasty but nothing like wow. the pasty just seemed old, and the the cream seemed not real.  was it old?  I don't know.  but I've had better from other pastry shops here in Edinburgh.  The service was friendly, so it hasn't put me off coming here again.  But it won't be for a pastry ;)
4	I'm always on the lookout for a reason to go out. So, when the last Monday of my university career came round, I felt this needed celebrating. And what better way than with an ice cream sundae (to be honest, I was a bit excited by the sunny weather during the day and forgot that, by the time I got home after uni, it wouldn't be ice-cream-kind-of-weather anymore). Nardini's is fairly new (opened last year) and I hadn't actually noticed it tucked away on the corner until recently. First and foremost, it does ice cream sundaes (and lots of them). The choice is quite overwhelming, and to the untrained eye a lot of them look to be much the same. The sundaes aren't too cheap either, coming in at around 6 to 8 quid each. But it's not all about ice cream. This place does savoury food too (my sister had a panini) and there's coffee and cakes. In fact, it's quite refreshing to have a place in Edinburgh that's open till 10pm to just have a coffee in. I had a raspberry snowball sundae, which was basically vanilla and raspberry ripple ice cream with fresh raspberries and something similar to mini Tunnock's snowballs on top. And loads of wafers and cream. All this, complete with a glittery little stick decoration thing - well and truly bringing a bit of pizzazz to Bruntsfield on what was a chilly Monday night. Service was friendly and quick, and - oh my word - the toilets were lovely. It might sound a bit weird, but I always judge a place by the toilets. And these ones, well, let's just say there was hand creme by the sinks. I'll be back.
5	Great ice cream and good coffee. Especially recommend dulce du leche or the fudge flavours. Open late too so nice for an evening treat!
4	While we waited for a table for a recent meal, we stumbled across Nardini's. I love diner-style ice cream shops, and am often seen haunting the tables of Luca's, in Musselburgh. However, we had to check this out for dessert. So ignoring the pretty looking desserts being taken to other tables, we set off for the bright lights refracting from chrome. I do have to stop for a second, ignore the ice cream (originally from Largs, Ayrshire) and talk about the decor as Nardinis had it down pat. Diner style is all about synchronicity and patterns - from the red chair, black chair, red chair, black chair, to, piled up cones and the perfectly twisted pile of serviettes in the corner - the devil is in the detail (and ok, there were a couple of chairs out which totally RUINED the black red pattern but you know, I am not picky). So, moving on to the ice cream. I went for the chocolate orange sundae, the SR went for the raspberry snowball sundae - and make no mistake, these sundaes are relatively expensive, but also huge, arriving with various decorations (sparkly sticks and clowns in my case). Neither of us could finish them and I drowned in a complete and utter sugar rush. I would say ice cream wise, Luca's and Di Rollo's are better, but in Scotland, we've always been spoiled with excellent ice cream, so it isn't the worst diss in the world to say that. Go, release your inner child and take a pew.
