4	Needed a print on the fly. Thought I would upload it to their website, but after calling them it was a lot faster to just place the call, email it over, and it would be ready for pick-up by the time I got there. Color copies are $.59/page. Not too bad when I needed it almost immediately. The employee that took my call was very friendly, but the other employee when I got there gave very average, near below average service...they must balance the store out. Thanks, Office Depot! You are my go to printer when I have very last minute jobs.
4	I needed to get a check up for my computer...Now I'm not computer savvy at all, my solution for most all problems is turn the whole thing off and then hope it boots up and fixes itself. Well no such luck this time...what a relief it was to have Barrett help me! He saw the mix of fear and panic on my face and happily said don't worry I'm sure we can fix it!He gave me the run down and explained just what happened and how he could fix it while saving my pics, documents and music....oh yeah!!!He said that it would be ready in a couple of days and to make sure to bring it back to him every 6 months for a tune up.Very pleased with the professionalism and service here! Just in case you need it, they also fax, print and copy!
4	After a stop at the OD nearest me, where they did not have what I wanted in stock, they checked the inventory of other stores and found that the filing cabinet I needed was in stock here. I was able to walk in, hand them the stock number, get rung up, and have some help getting the filing cabinet into my car. Not even ten minutes. Nicely done, OD. Nicely done.
5	I shop at this store on a regular basis. My friends know me as a computer geek, so they seek my advice for buying computers. I always direct them to Office Depot. The sales people are knowledgeable and they have the best prices. The prices for their computers are comparable or better than what you can get online. I also get all of my computers at this location. Give them a try. And no: I don't work for them.
