4	I've been struggling to find a good place to get a haircut, and managed to find Platinum. They've got  a small, trendy shop with nice staff, and I dig my new 'do!
5	I don't get my hair cut as often as i'd like but not being from here originally i'm glad to have found a salon that i can truly trust my hair with. The place is really cute and trendy. The staff is always friendly and courteous. The super-super plus is that it's literally minutes from my house.You can't beat convenience and good service like that.
4	I was so excited when I called in with an emergency color touch up. The girls where great and they got me right in they also listened to my need of being on a time crunch. My color looks great and feels good to. Will be going back
2	Prices are really good. And initially over the phone...the girls were really helpful. I called to book appointments for a bridal party, the reassured me that we would be ready by the time I wanted. However when we got there, we weren't even able to start at the same time (like I was promised). The manager was extremely unorganized, and the hair dressers didn't even do that great of a job. One of the girls had to re-do her hair because ALL of the curls had fallen out.I told the girl that was doing my hair that I needed a lot of extra hold hair spray, but it seemed as though it went through one ear and out the other.I also wouldn't recommend getting make up done by the manager. She didn't do a very good job, and I had to re-do that later as well. We ended up being done a half an hour late, and I wasn't even able to finish my hair and make up.Definitely did not have a good experience there. Bridal parties beware!
1	Just an update, because what was written by Jennifer is actually incorrect. When I booked the appointments, I said the bride was going to be having an updo and I wanted curls in my hair and I made it PERFECTLY clear I personally had a lot of hair. Regardless of how much time was left, the actual job themselves were very poorly done. There was only one other person that got their make up done, so it wasn't a whole group that got their make up done. She liked her make up, but as somebody who is very familiar with make up, it was not a very good job..As for my own make up, she worked on it for AT LEAST 10-15 minutes. Not less than five. If she knew that 30 minutes is the usual amount of time to get make up done. She should have scheduled more time, because I said there would be girls getting their make up done. Also, the fact that she's trying to prove me wrong on yelp just shows the type of business they run. She should have reached out to me to make sure I would go back to their business if there were any other occasions.
1	My daughter and I went there together.  A few week before, I got quoted a price. So we decided to try this place.  I got Venoria.  Wonderful lady.  She did an awesome job.  I paid exactily what was quoted.  On the other hand, my daughter had this other lady.  She is the second stall from the entrance.  She was rough with my daughter.  My daughter didn't like the service she was getting.  My daughter said that she would rather go to another place, because this lady keep pulling her hair.  In the end, I end up paying $145.  When I was only quoted $65.  It was just a retouch of her peek a boo.  I told her about it, and she said that well, her hair is long.  I said I got a quote and you folks wrote it on paper.  I will never go and see her again.  I was so furious, I forgot her name.  But if you do go there she uses the 2nd booth from the entrance.  I will stick with Venoria.  she did a wonderful job and she even gives suggestions on my hair..  For future, I will only see venoria for me and my daughter.
3	I don't know, I had to think about this for a while. The hair cut was good, and I got lots of good advise from my hair dresser. As far as the place goes, there was only one person working to cut hair. I set up an appointment for 5.30 and he asked me to be there earlier if I could. I was there at 5 and had to wait until 6.10 to get my hair cut. I was just tired and a little frustrated by then.Maybe I will give this place another try but this time I just wan't 100% satisfied.
1	DO NOT EVER GO HERE!!!! Especially do not use Laura!! Had to have redo my hair twice!!!! And I still got charged for her screw up the day before my college graduation!
5	Came across this salon with the idea of going blonde from dark brown box color! Other salons would talk me out of it not Jen she was very confident that she could give me the look I was after!  She did just that, I have been with her for 3 yrs now!  This girl gives an AWESOME CUT &  BLOW OUT!  It stays perfect for 3 days or longer!  She also has put those trendy feather and colored extensions in my hair and daughters hair, super cute!!  My 11 yr old son is into the hair tattoo style and what they call line up.  Roberto is FABULOUS with this skill, he is very artistic and has good vision!  I just love this shop! Great Customer Service and its full service!! Great Job Platinum staff!!
5	I love this place!!! I went in with a disaster of a dye job and Stephanie was so great and fixed me up. It took 3 hours to fix!! She was amazing and did such a great job. I couldn't be happier with my new do.
1	MARCOS CHAIDEZ IRRESPONSABLE HAIRDRESSER, DESTROYED MY HAIR I called the Platinum Hair Studio to make an appointment for retouch my highlights, do hydration and cute the ends, I asked the secretary who was the best professional specialized on highlights and she booked me with MARCOS CHAIDEZ.My appointment was for the end of February, I met MARCOS CHAIDEZ and asked him to follow the same pattern of highlight I had, it was Blonde stripes, nothing complicated to do, anyway he made me look very Blonde, he made tiny highlights with not the streaks separation I had,  the Blonde was all blended with my dark hair. I didn't liked but I was in a hurry, I didn't want spend more 2h there... When I got home I texted him to say that, and he said would be better to wait to get it fixed the way I wanted the next month to give time for my hair.I made an appointment with him for Thus April 12, before a whole month business trip in Europe. I had to leave on Monday 16 to attend a Fitness expo in Germany( I'm a fitness model)I arrived at the salon in the time scheduled and I explained to Marcos that was better he just follow the same pattern he did in instead of try to make my hair look as it was before he touched.I also asked him to not bleach where was already bleached to not damage, better only retouch the roots and in instead of start retouch from the back to start from the front because the hair in the back was sensitive already.He did start from the front, and because the aluminum foil was covering my eyes I was not really able to see what exactly he was doing, he left it over 15 min and put me in the dryer for more 10 min then washed my hair with shampoo and I felt that after the shampoo he said he will do a deep hydratation but I think he put more bleach because my scalp start to was burn a little, I start to be worried and aks him what was that he putting in my head, he repeated was a deep hydration, anyway I was not able to tell because my head was laid back in the place where they wash the hair.Then he rinsed what I think was bleach and put conditioner over it and rinsed again, then brought me to blow dry and ironed my hair, all the time he was drying my hair and ironing he turned my head against the mirror so I couldn't really see how it looks, I saw only at the end and I noticed it was really dark on the sides and very light platinum blonde in the front. Again I left not so happy because once again he didn't follow my requests, but again I was in a hurry due all my preparation for my travel I wouldn't be able to lose any more time there and I didn't want to.When I left the salon the hair looked ok because he sprayed a lot of products before I left and it last straight and like normal until I washed it on Sunday.When I washed my hair it started to curl and break, I had pieces of my hair in my hands... I dried it with blow dry in a low temperature to try to take of all the frizz but didn't worked.My hair never look so bad and damaged in my whole life.I texted MARCOS CHAIDEZ to tell him what he done to my hair but I'm sure he knew what he done to my hair already when I left the salon that day.He never answered me my texts or phone call.I noticed that he tried to cover the excess of bleach dying it black what make it even worst, right now my hair looks all brittle in the top very short because it all broke and the blond with some black spots, it look really bad. I totally rely in my image because of my work, I was desperate with my hair that way, having to attend the expo in Europe and with a bunch of photo shoots scheduled...I went in a famous hair salon in Europe, when the hairdresser looked my hair he was in shock. The only solution he found was use a non permanent dark color( permanent would damage it even more) to cover all the ugly Blonde Greysh color and left only the front highlights, and a week later I went back for a treatment. And buy a half wig to wear until my hair grows back in the spots Marcos destroyed.I had to spend couple hundred Euros to cover up all his irresponsibility and lack or professionalism. I feeling very depress, I had a gorgeous hair.I writing this detailed review because I don't want anyone face a situation like I having right nowHere is the link with the picture of this unprofessional, make sure to NEVER let this person to touch your hair:http://www.platinumhairstudiolv.com/Marcos-Chaidez.html
5	My wife bought a CrowdSavings coupon for this place for me as a surprise and she picked out my stylist, who is actually the owner, Jenn, and I have to say...I LOVE HER! I went for a simple cut and color and talked with her about what I really wanted to do to my hair which is an Ombre in hot pink. I think she was as excited as I was to do it. My cut and color turn out beautiful and my hair was soft for a long time after that. I went back to her and got my Ombre which turned out AMAZING. I have a lot of hair and it is really long but Jenn was really quick and efficient. It still took a couple hours which is a given for what I was getting. I absolutely adored my hair, she even styled it in a lovely mass of curls. I haven't gone back for my touch up yet, and this was in late May/early June, but it's my Bday this month and I will be spoiling myself with another appt! The whole staff was really attentive. I think I was checked on about 5 times, offered magazines and water. My mom actually got her hair done by another girl (hispanic with short hair with red highlights) whose name has slipped my mind, but we talked my mom into a modern a-line bob with highlights and it look fantastic! I love this studio and can't wait to go back!
1	MARCOS CHAIDEZ IRRESPONSABLE HAIRDRESSER, DESTROYED MY HAIR I called the Platinum Hair Studio to make an appointment for retouch my highlights, do hydration and cute the ends, I asked the secretary who was the best professional specialized on highlights and she booked me with MARCOS CHAIDEZ.My appointment was for the end of February, I met MARCOS CHAIDEZ and asked him to follow the same pattern of highlight I had, it was Blonde stripes, nothing complicated to do, anyway he made me look very Blonde, he made tiny highlights with not the streaks separation I had,  the Blonde was all blended with my dark hair. I didn't liked but I was in a hurry, I didn't want spend more 2h there... When I got home I texted him to say that, and he said would be better to wait to get it fixed the way I wanted the next month to give time for my hair.I made an appointment with him for Thus April 12, before a whole month business trip in Europe. I had to leave on Monday 16 to attend a Fitness expo in Germany( I'm a fitness model)I arrived at the salon in the time scheduled and I explained to Marcos that was better he just follow the same pattern he did in instead of try to make my hair look as it was before he touched.I also asked him to not bleach where was already bleached to not damage, better only retouch the roots and in instead of start retouch from the back to start from the front because the hair in the back was sensitive already.He did start from the front, and because the aluminum foil was covering my eyes I was not really able to see what exactly he was doing, he left it over 15 min and put me in the dryer for more 10 min then washed my hair with shampoo and I felt that after the shampoo he said he will do a deep hydratation but I think he put more bleach because my scalp start to was burn a little, I start to be worried and aks him what was that he putting in my head, he repeated was a deep hydration, anyway I was not able to tell because my head was laid back in the place where they wash the hair.Then he rinsed what I think was bleach and put conditioner over it and rinsed again, then brought me to blow dry and ironed my hair, all the time he was drying my hair and ironing he turned my head against the mirror so I couldn't really see how it looks, I saw only at the end and I noticed it was really dark on the sides and very light platinum blonde in the front. Again I left not so happy because once again he didn't follow my requests, but again I was in a hurry due all my preparation for my travel I wouldn't be able to lose any more time there and I didn't want to.When I left the salon the hair looked ok because he sprayed a lot of products before I left and it last straight and like normal until I washed it on Sunday.When I washed my hair it started to curl and break, I had pieces of my hair in my hands... I dried it with blow dry in a low temperature to try to take of all the frizz but didn't worked.My hair never look so bad and damaged in my whole life.I texted MARCOS CHAIDEZ to tell him what he done to my hair but I'm sure he knew what he done to my hair already when I left the salon that day.He never answered me my texts or phone call.I noticed that he tried to cover the excess of bleach dying it black what make it even worst, right now my hair looks all brittle in the top very short because it all broke and the blond with some black spots, it look really bad. I totally rely in my image because of my work, I was desperate with my hair that way, having to attend the expo in Europe and with a bunch of photo shoots scheduled...I went in a famous hair salon in Europe, when the hairdresser looked my hair he was in shock. The only solution he found was use a non permanent dark color( permanent would damage it even more) to cover all the ugly Blonde Greysh color and left only the front highlights, and a week later I went back for a treatment. And buy a half wig to wear until my hair grows back in the spots Marcos destroyed.I had to spend couple hundred Euros to cover up all his irresponsibility and lack or professionalism. I feeling very depress, I had a gorgeous hair.I writing this detailed review because I don't want anyone face a situation like I having right now
4	Hum, Okay! I am new to North Las Vegas. We moved here from San Diego Ca. We had to leave our beloved stylist behind in San Diego and start fresh. (Alway sucks!) So I had to find a new "person" because my roots were 4 months grown! YIKES! I sucked it up and did a lot of research........ Found this place, saw Jose, and after a few questions...... Okay I was very nervous! But he asked the right questions, was very patient and wasn't pushy! He did a great job! Not our beloved Camille's way..... But his way, which is good for now. A few tweaks next visit, and I think I'll be okay.
5	I bought a groupon here...and it was the best hair groupon experience I've had yet.I was a little iffy, when I found out the location nearest my house closed down and I had to go to sort of a 'less than savory' side of town for it.So I'm used to going to places like Aveda and Euphoria where they show you a palette of blondes to choose from and ask how you wear your hair, and I usually walk away just satisfied-This place didn't do either, and here's the kicker; my hair came out the best it's ever looked! She basically asked how much blonde I wanted and if I wanted conditioning treatment (my groupon was for full highlights, haircut, shampoo, blow-dry,style).My hair looks incredible, I've never gotten so many compliments.Thanks Loudine!!see you next time for sure!PS: the prices were much more fair than the aforementioned places I used to go to.
5	If you're afraid of people of color, you'd probably refer to the neighborhood this salon is located in as 'less than savory'.If you're a normal human being, you'd note how much Las Vegas has grown,and changed, as evidenced by this awesome salon in suburban North Las Vegas inside a new and growing shopping center.I live in the Sunrise Manor neighborhood and scanned Yelp for a salon near my home that wasn't crazy pricey, and could do an ombre. I called Saturday morning and was given an appointment that afternoon at 3:30pm. I walked in, and I loved how cute the salon was. They have a purple, silver, and black theme going on. It was really busy. Every stylist had a customer, including mine, so it wasn't until a little after 4:00pm that I was actually sitting in a chair. My stylist Mariana asked me questions like how I like to do my hair, and have I ever dyed it before. She showed me some color options and was honest about the maintenance for different combos.  My hair came out great. I'm really satisfied with how the colors all blended together. I know I'll be coming back for a touch up and possibly a cut.Also worth noting that the salon has very diverse staff, and many stylists spoke Spanish.
2	Disappointed. Problem: Address and number on Yelp is outdated, poor customer service and poor customer recognitionStory: Drove 35 minutes to the location on Yelp, called the salon (googled the # since Yelp has the wrong one) to find out that Yelp was outdated, no apology or empathy from employer on the phone, just asked if I wanted to reschedule. Drove another 30 min across town to make my 3:00pm appt. Again, no apology or empathy for me as a customer that drove an hour. And she confirmed that she remembered me from the phone call. Then told me there was a 25 minute wait. I canceled right away. The same lady from the phone and the front desk that I had been in contact with said "ok". And that's it. Wasted a groupon. I don't appreciate not being recognized or valued as a customer from emotionless or employees that lack empathy.
4	I visited Platinum Hair Studio after finding a Groupon for partial highlights.  I will say that I go to a salon approximately once every other year primarily because I never really seem to find the time, so keep that in mind if you're reading this.I had the partial highlights and a trim by Laudine (I hope I spelled that right).  She was great.  Definitely straight-forward and a couple other people were asking for her advice while I was there.  I had purple highlights done, which is a lot of work because my hair is naturally black and has to be bleached out before colored; she explained all that to me and it didn't take nearly as long as I was expecting.  Definitely recommend Laudine.As for the salon itself, it was decorated nicely but there really was no separate waiting area, the couches/chairs are near the door and register and also in the middle of the room.  It didn't bother me, but they weren't horribly busy when I went there either.
1	I paid sixty dollars, plus tip, to have stylist Tatiana M color my hair. I described what I wanted and she pulled up a picture. So her understanding was fantastic. Sadly her execution was abysmal. I ended up with three shades of purple hair instead of the grey platinum envisioned. Although we talked, by the time Tatiana offered to attempt to fix the job, I had more than a quarter inch of growth and had to fix it myself--which I did in one session, at home, with dye and a mix of toners. For six bucks. I gave her the opportunity to make this right, and she didn't jump on it. Moreover, the manager, and Tatiana, were perfectly wiling to take my money and let me walk out of that studio completely dissatisfied. This type of service does not allow me to recommend them to anyone. Tatiana was great, but I had live with horrid hair and pay 60 dollars plus tip for the lesson. Perhaps I should have been more assertive. However, I think the words, "I am not happy with this work because it is three shades of dark purple." are sufficient
5	I loved it!!  My hairdresser did excellent job on my highlights!! I will for sure be back for my highlights!
1	Stay far away from this place!!!!!!!! they are more worried about gossiping and texting on their phones than actually satisfying clients. The first time I came here last year I saw Megan and my hair looked amazing. Best hair cut I had ever had. So I decided to come back when I saw a groupon special. I figured why not I like this salon and I'll save a little money. I bought the Groupon for full highlights and lowlights and called to book an appt. The receptionist informed me that Megan no longer worked there and Laudine would be doing my hair. I was a little disappointed but figured Laudine would be just as good but boy was i wrong. As soon as I sat in the chair and she found out I had a groupon she couldn't care less about what I really wanted. She also asked me who I had previously had do my hair and I said Megan. She then proceeded to tell me some story about how Megan was stealing and she was a horrible person. I was shocked at how unprofessional she was being and how she was airing her salons dirty laundry In front of her client. From then it was all down hill. My hair is extremely thick and all I wanted was blonde highlights and burgundy lowlights to compliment my red hair. I explained this to her and she said she would make it happen. The foil job she did on my hair was scary. I could see the bleach coming out of the foil and running on to my lowlights. I pointed this out to her and she said oh you'll be fine that happens. I spent less than 10 mins under the dryer for my hair to set before she started washing it out. In my head I knew what was going to happen but I didn't want to think about it. She spent less than ten mins on my cut and did a half ass blow dry and style, because by this time her and the other stylist were so worried about what party they were going to she rushed everything. When I looked at my hair I was so dissappointed my highlights were uneven and the blonde had ran down into the burgundy now giving me pink chunks of color in my hair. I once again pointed this out to her and she said it'll be fine after you first wash out thinking I was that stupid or something. I was so disappointed my hair was ruined. BELIEVE ME save your money and do not come here. The unprofessional ism and lack of expertise will do nothing but upset you. They don't care about Groupon customers. A little advice Platinum hair studio spend a little less time gossiping and talking trash about other stylists that aren't around and a little more time caring about your clients. If you don't like groupon customers then don't waste our time by putting deals on there!!!!
4	Actually, my stylist rents a stall there, and she's the best.  The other staff are helpful and friendly, but Jamie is incredible.  She's been cutting my hair for over 5 years now.  There's an old saying that a person will change doctors more easily than they'll change barbers.  Jamie Thomas-Develbiss is the best.  Ask for her.
5	Had I read all the bad Yelp reviews before going into this salon, I know for a FACT that I would have never tried it. Wow! Yikes!I'm fairly new to Vegas and looking to try out different salons and stylists to find "the one". I figured Groupon would be the best way to do this because let's face it: if they treat you well with a Groupon, then I believe they will continue to do so. I purchased a Groupon and made an appointment. I was skeptical, as my GPS lead me down the other side of Craig Rd and I had to call and back track. There's 30 minutes of my life that I'm not getting back. However....I had my hair done by Heather C. and had a great experience. We discussed what my hair needed and what I wanted done, and she got it right. I'm glad she suggested the upgraded conditioning treatment, I love it. My hair color came out perfectly and in record time. As long as Heather is doing hair here, I will go back. I highly recommend booking an appointment with Heather. Great job and soooo worth it!
4	Jaymee Galvan was my stylist! She did an awesome job highlighting and cutting my hair just in time for summer!!! She knows what she's doing (being a color specialist). She was very professional and attended to my needs. I would definitely recommend her to anyone I know. Thanks Jaymee!!!!
5	I don't know why there are bad reviews, I came here for the first time and I loved Jayme who did my hair, there are two Jayme's I believe but mine had long curly hair and she was great! the whole time we kept a conversation going she was gentle and explained step by step what she was doing. I had partial highlights with roots retouched and a hair cut for $140, which pricing was not bad and normal service prices. I definitely recommend her she is great, you will not be disappointed, tell her Marissa, the one from Arizona recommended you :)
5	I got very lucky my first time here I had Shayn do my cut and color. He's awesome! He took my hair from a strange red/blondish brownish color all the way to almost platinum. He is supper cool and makes sure your comfortable. The salon is really cute too. I already set up my next appointment with Shayn for my retouch.
5	My stylist was Cesar Ramirez! He's amazing!!! From start to finish he had me entertained and well informed. Giving me tips about how to take care of my hair. He had me laughing. The atmosphere was awesome. He took his time and I was beyond happy with the outcome!! I literally can't go anywhere now without getting compliments on my hair!!! Thank u Cesar!!!!
