5	The best prada store in Vegas.  This Prada is located at the Shops at Bellagio, across from Hermes.  Seriously they have a great selection, not as big as the Beverly Hills store, but great store!  The sales staff is very attentive and knowledgeable.  Prada has always been about their minimal branding, Cynthia's review makes me laugh, its like saying get rid of the M logo for McDonalds.  Uh, riiiiight.  Anyways, i dont buy things without wanting them, so if youre not sure, dont buy it and waste sales peoples' time.  Returners are so annoying!
4	Beautiful purses...great service...I liked it here...large selection and big and bright.
5	This Prada location has a really nice selection and a great sales staff. My husband and I both made purchases here and really liked our experience.Charles is the sales associate who helped us out and he was great. He was patient and made sure that we were happy and comfortable with our purchases.When I was torn between two items, he asked questions about my lifestyle  and advised me on how much abuse each of them could take (I am not a terrible owner, but my bags/wallets have to be able to withstand real use).I can say that each time we have been in the store, to shop or just browse, we have had a great experience.
3	Too expensive to buy anything here!!Just walk here, touch around and walk out.
5	Had a great experience shopping here with my wife. We went to look for a purse for my wife to carry to work and were helped by Ashii. My wife explained what she needed the hand bag for, her challenges in finding the perfect bag and off they went. I think they looked at almost every bag and I am afraid to see my credit card bill at the end of the month... but Ashii did what none of the other shops could do and that is provide amazing service while helping my wife find the perfect bag.
1	I love the store.  The clerk didn't put my authentication card in my package when she wrapped it. I came in the next day to get it.  Something felt odd so I returned it.  I then got home and found out that she didn't give me a credit she charged my account again!.  So now I have been charged twice for a wallet I don't have.  Bad management.  I will take my business to the Prada store at Crystals.  Too bad Bellagio.  You are slipping.......
5	This ain't no outlet Prada, everything here is pricceey!!! $$$$ So expect to drop $100's - $1000's but it's worth it because your getting a high quality purse. The service here is fantastic and they don't look down on you if you're just an average Joe.  This is a great place to window shop and check what's new in season.
5	I LOVE the Bellagio Shops, Even more than Crystals, which can be snooty.I was looking for a new wallet for my mothers 65th birthday and browsed all the shops... I looked at Louis Vuitton and the Flap wallets were such bad quality! No leather, Just monogram canvas.My Boyfriend then suggested Prada, and we found the right store to pick up some goodies. THE NICEST sales associate helped us, Sean Azizov. Thanks Sean! I bought a Red SaffianoTriangle Flap Wallet! Fabulous and such great quality.Also, a black Saffiano leather card case for my BF.My mother loved her gift.
5	Our room faced the Bellagio shops which was absolute torture. I'm pretty sure when I die, heaven will reappear in this exact form (Chanel, Prada, Louis, Dior, Tiffany's). So when my friend told me she was considering purchasing a Prada bag, I almost died (of envy). So we went into the store and the sales associate Charles Punzal was the absolute sweetest. He was patient and pulled practically every color option of saffiano leather totes we asked for. Definitely made the selection process a lot easier on us, and we left with the most gorgeous, black purse. Would recommend coming here and asking for Charles to help you out if you're thinking about making the financial plunge into timeless happiness.
2	I am a huge Prada fan.  I have 3 bags, one black purchased in Prada Milan in Italy, one red saffiano @ Prada Santana Row in San Jose and one leather saddlebag model from Bag Borrow & Steal online.  My bf and I were walking by and I saw a bag in the window that was beautiful so we stopped in to take a look. I asked to see the handbag, which was a limited edition for Winter only.  There was a snotty little sales guy (I should have asked his name) who was eager to show me the bag until he asked me where I bought the Prada I was currently carrying and when I told him I purchased it on Bag Borrow & Steal, he turned his nose up at me, walked away from me without saying a word and  motioned for another salesperson to see me.  Unfortunately, they lost a $3,000 + purchase and a patron.  Sadly when I left the store I had to fight the urge to help the little jerk put things into perspective and remind him of the following: 1) he lost a sale, 2) he lost a patron for good, and 3) he is, in fact, a retail salesperson and (as snotty as this may seem), his job is to SELL handbags.  I would guess his salary is very likely minimal at best and that he holds very little college education and he should remind himself that he is NOT in a position to be treating his patrons as if he is the one who can easily afford these designer handbags.
