5	Upon moving to Arizona I knew I needed to find another tanning salon. So, after speaking to friends, I checked this place out. They have ample parking. I walked in and the girls were very friendly. I was helped right away. I never felt pressured and was happy with what I decided to do. I decided on the monthly membership. it was $60 to start up and is $24 a month from then on. For signing up, I got a $25 discount on my tanning lotion (SCORE!). There were things about this salon that set it apart from the one I went to in Cali and in a good way. First, they set me up with a "schedule" of sorts so I would get the best tan possible in the best way. Second, they had after lotion, wet towels, and spray to make the experience a lot better and to make my tan last longer. I  am very glad I decided on this place to go for my tanning needs and I can't wait to go back!
5	I agree Alie. I love the basket of stuff that Sunchain gives you when you go in to tan. None of the other salons I have ever been to have done that. I love that they can take your membership right out of your account instead of having to remember to pay it each month. It's nice to walk in and the staff are friendly and helpful, never once have they been rude or snobby.
5	Friendly Staff, Great Tanning beds, The baskets are the BEST! I suggest signing up for a membership. I have tanned all over the valley and by far, I have gotten the Tannest at Sunchain. They never try to up sell you or trick you into buying anything that doesn't work. I have loved every lotion they have suggested. The Mystics are great as well. They have good packages if you buy in bulk!
3	The place itself is pretty nice, as are all of the girls that work here, but their pricing is bizarre and much higher than nearby competitors. Every time I go here it is a surprise. The first time i came in, I was drawn in by the $24/month painted in huge letters on the window. Well, it is only $24 a month if you sign up for a membership with an activation fee and automatic debits from your account. So, I paid $38 for a month in their basic beds.Then, one day I was in another area of town and I called to one of their other locations to make sure I could use my month package at that location and they said that it wasn't a problem, they would just call the Scottsdale Rd location to make sure I was in their system. When I finally found their Town and Country location, the girl told me that I couldn't tan there since I had paid for my month in cash instead of with a card. UGHHHHHHHHSo I used the rest of my month, and after some time had passed, I thought I would give them another try since the place itself is OK and the girls are very very friendly. Well, when I got there this time, I was told that I would have to pay $49 for the exact same package (lowest level beds) I had recently gotten for $38, since the $38 was their price for new customers.I just don't understand their pricing structure, and why it is so expensive if you don't want to sign up for an auto-debiting year membership.The other thing that kind of caught me off guard about this place is that their prices are so much higher, and they always seem to be pretty busy, but the radios they offer you are these cheapie little Walkmans with styrofoam headphones...which just seems strange since most tanning places that I have been to have some sort of a stereo system in the booths or beds. Their beds here are clean and they get you tan and the girls at the front desk are always so sweet and they definitely know what they're talking about, I just don't know if I'll go back since there are so many tanning salons right around ASU that don't cost quite as much as Sunchain.
5	I needed an affordable place to tan and Sunchain was the place for me. I signed up at one location on their Sunlink membership, but have the ability to use any of their 8 locations around the valley. They offer refresher baskets which I have never seen at any other tanning salon and they are amazing! The baskets include everything you need from start to finish except tanning lotion of course. They offer a variety of tanning lotions ranging from low $ to high$$$. They are also able to order any lotion you ask for. The staff is very knowledgeable. The girls don't just take your name and put you in a bed. They are able to answer any questions you have whether you are a beginner or experienced tanner. Mystic spray tans are quick and easy, but they also offer custom spray tans. I love having many options for any occasion. Regular beds to maintain, super beds for that extra deep tan, quick beds for those in a hurry and of course the spray tan. I recommend Sunchain to anyone!
4	Love the new location! I love the girls that work there...they are all so nice and helpful. Love the product they sell there, as well as their monthly deals and/or incentives
5	I visited this location recently while on vacation from California. They store was very nice, the people who worked there were super nice as well. The beds were awesome and very clean of course. I would recommend this place to anyone whose visiting or who lives here in mesa.
1	I am not sure about positive customer service reviews here...Salon itself is ok: relatively clean and the beds you expect to see in a regular tanning salon. I am from LA myself and work in Phoenix couple days a week, so I needed a quick place to go to to get base tan during the week.My awful experience:I came in to purchase 10 days unlimited on 11/12, but after associate was raving about their highest level bed I decided to opt out for $45 3 session package.When I went into the bed I saw there was a massive crack/part of plastic missing in the bed. I have never seen anything like that, so felt uneasy using the bed and stepped out. Well, that's something associate should have warned me about before I went in. When I asked for a refund she told me they don't do refunds (odd) and suggested I try something else. Shed also mentioned she had broken bed inspected and "its totally ok to use" (still, when large piece of plastic is missing you should probably warn the customer).I agreed to use the lower level instead. Lower level bed did not yield any results so next day I decided to risk it in the bed I purchased. It worked great, though was definitely scary with cracks and bare bulbs.When I came back 2 weeks after associate told me I used up all my sessions and she knows nothing about it. I asked her to look up the days I came in, as expected there were only 2 days I came in on and I bought 3 sessions. She said in the system I was switched to something else and she couldnt do anything about it.She did not have manager's contact info, could not give me any refund and could not give me a session per her words. How does one working at a tanning salon have no manager contact info? What if there is fire? Someone burned? Inspection came in? Robbery happened?Also phrases like "I don't care", "I can't do anything about it", "Maybe she will call you" - are not acceptable in service industry in this context.I am extremely displeased and disappointed. If manager chooses to limit what their associates can do to resolve issues such as refunds, comping sessions, changing things in the system - they should either be on site of accessible 100% of time.Best,Nataliya
