5	Loved this place.  Not sure the name of the crepe I had but it had turkey and avacado in it and was fantastic...can't wait to go back!  The ingredients were so fresh which is what I think made the difference.  They welcome you to modify your crepe as you want so that you will truely be happy with your meal.  I think the best part of these crepes are that they are simple; they use a few quality ingredients.  I hate when there are so many ingredients in something that you can't even tell what you are eating. So if the crepes are wonderfully fantastic I don't think there is a word out there to describe the coffee.  I have never had a cappaccino that I didn't have to put some kind of sweetner in.  It was amazing.  The owner is so knowledgable on the coffee they serve and how to pull the perfect espresso and it definitely shows in the drinks.  They only serve local coffee within a week of its roasting (don't think it gets much fresher than that).  With very reasonable prices, friendly owners, fresh food, and amazing coffee I hope to see this place stick around for awhile.  The only down side for me is that it is all the way in Matthews, but is totally worth the drive!!
5	Absolutely delicious!! Be patient. Making fresh Crepes takes time. Your wait is worth it. Have a nice cup of coffee or hot tea (I had orange cranberry-so good!). My husband and I both had a lunch crepe. So good! We saved room for desert too! This is a must go place!
5	I had ordered loose leaf green tea and a custom made crepe that had spinach, onion, avocado, grilled mushrooms, gyro, and goat cheese with Greek sauce. The flavor was incredible, the helping more than adequate I left full! Really enjoyed the freshly brewed green tea they also have custom coffees freshly ground, I will have to try an espresso next time. Yes, there will be a next time! The only advice I will add is you may want to sit and enjoy your coffee or tea with a book (I carry one with me at all times) or enjoy good conversation as you watch them make your crepe. It takes a while but certainly worrth the wait! Loved the smell of the dessert crepe being made while I read. Nice relaxing Sunday afternoon. Don't go if you are in a rush, but then Crepes are not fast food! Enjoy!
4	I'm loving Matthews right now!  They are growing and bringing in some incredible local restaurants, shops, bars, etc.This place was very good, clean and has a great menu.  I tried the strawberries and cream crepe.  It was strawberries, fresh/real whipped cream with nutella.  Need I say more?  It was awesome!!  I just wish it had a little more filling.  I took a few bites of just crepe with very little nutella so that was a little annoying but other than that..it was awesome.  The strawberries were super fresh!!I think it is pretty hard to botch anything that has strawberries and nutella involved so I look forward to trying one of their savory crepes.  The service was friendly, the place is rather small and the lighting is super bright...so I think it is ideal for lunch or brunch.  There is nothing really inviting or warm about the atmosphere...it actually makes you want to get out of there as quick as possible.  Looking forward to trying more---s'mores, banana butter, peanut butter and jelly, etc..
5	Delicious food. Too bad it's so out of the way for us.We ordered the turkey avocado crepe but replaced the egg with their red pepper pesto. Mmmmm it was SO good (photos posted)! We also tried the strawberry cream, without the cream. You can never go wrong with Nutella in crepes.The owners are very friendly and the best part was watching our crepes being made. I'm glad we got a chance to try this place before it got too crowded but I'm guessing once people hear of it, it will get super busy.Also, their coffee is locally roasted in Charlotte and the teas are from Tea-Rex -- my favorite!!
5	For Dessert we were impressed with "Royal Trinity"  Perfectik Bananas and Strawberries FRESH and sliced thin, Nutella from a Jar... Stacked into Quarter Fold stacked. Powdered Sugar Whipped Cream and Chocolate Syrup made it as Beautiful as it was Delicious!!!They also have the Non-Dessert Crepes and a "Be-your-own-Chef" Create your own combination of Ingredients for a Rod0 Oringinal (in my case), though I ordered from the Menu because what we ordered sounded and was Superb!!!  Nice Feature because I love creating great Food combinations!Coffee FANTSATISHKA!!!   Flavor!  I'm Totally Confident a little more with experience (I have Very little) I could figure out how to Order some Coffee here!  These first two were FLAVORFUL!  Roasted in Charlotte!Cubano  for meCafe Mocha for my BrideCrepes: : Grandmother and Great Grandmother brought their Recipes  From Russia!Indoor Dinning and Outdoor Sidewalk Seating!
5	YUM, YUM, YUM!   This place was great!  They just opened in Matthews a couple of weeks ago..in the same section of downtown Matthews as Thai Taste and Beantown Tavern.  It's a small comfy place with a handful of tables.  I met the owners (Mother and Daughter, maybe?) and they were both so sweet and so helpful (we had never been to a Creperie before).  They were genuinely thankful to hear that the word is out and even us folks from the Waxhaw side of town are taking the drive to check it out.The menu is a nice blend of pre-designed creations (substitutions are welcomed!) and delicious lists of items to customize your own.  They even have a great selection of Coffees, Teas, and Bottled/Canned drinks (soda, sparkling waters, juice, etc).  All of their coffees are roasted in the Charlotte area and the Loose Leaf Teas are also local (and there's a GREAT selection, too!).   My husband had a Sugar Free Hazelnut Latte, my son had a Cafe Mocha, and I had a Cafe Au Lait.   All were smooth and delicious.It took us a few minutes to decide on our breakfast crepes because there are so many great choices.  I opted for this week's special crepe, the "3 Omegas".  It was fantastic!  The flavors were great and everything was so fresh!  The 3 Omegas had  Spinach, Avocado, Feta, Black Olives, Walnuts, Black Beans, Basil Pesto, and Red Onion.  My husband had the "Ranchero".  It has eggs, salsa, black bans, red onions, and Jack Cheese.  My son opted for a sweet crepe...the "Smores"...it has Marshmallows, chocolate chips, and graham cracker crumbs and he added Coconut to it.  As to be expected with a growing teenager, that wasn't quite enough so after he inhaled the Smores Crepe, he ordered a Ranchero with Chicken instead of Black Beans.  The Crepes are large enough to share (unless you're a growing teenager, like my son) and the prices are reasonable.We will definitely go back!   As a matter of fact, I told my husband that it's a good thing it's a 25 minute from our house or I would be there more often than I should be!  :-)
5	My husband and I had cappuccinos and shared a strawberry and Nutella crepe, and both were phenomenal! The crepe tasted better than any that we had in Paris! Also, very cute decor and friendly staff as well as other patrons!
4	The food was carefully prepared and very good. Portions are large with a lot of variety. You can mix and match ingredients to suit any taste or dietary restriction. The cafe only seats 24 inside and 6 outside. We waited until after 1 pm to avoid a long wait at lunch. The only issue which might be a problem is that the cooking surfaces are right in the middle of the seating area and they put out a lot of heat. We were there on a cool day and it was very warm in the restaurant. When we go there again it will be for take out and we will call ahead to place our order. Their business model is for take out.
5	Wow! I am wholly impressed with Royal Cafe & Creperie, and they just opened two and a half months ago!It might sound crazy, but I have never had a good crepe until today. I needed some breakfast, and I came across this new place. After seeing the high Yelp scores, I decided to stop in. I ordered the Crepe Florentine, and it was fantastic. The crepe was done to perfection, and the fillings were very fresh. It contained the perfect balance of cheese, onion, spinach and mushroom. To my delight, Royal Cafe serves tea from TeaRex. I wish more restaurants in Charlotte could and would partner with TeaRex. When restaurants serve high quality tea, especially from local purveyors, I know they truly care about the food they serve. I ordered my favorite, Earl Grey.The woman who helped me today appears to be one of the owners. She was very friendly and helpful to this first-time visitor. She extended her positive greeting to all who visited while I dined.I know the place is still new, but I wish to make two suggestions for improvement. 1. The paper plates and plastic utensils just don't jibe with the rest of the experience presented at Royal Cafe. The food is so good and of such high quality, it feels a little odd to be eating it on paper plates. Perhaps one day they'll upgrade.2. Royal Cafe is guilty of one of my big brick & mortar no-no's. They had a live radio station playing over the sound system in the restaurant. This is one of my biggest pet-peeves. Poor music choice is distracting enough as it is, but to add in advertisements and chatter is so wrong. I hope it's something they will consider changing in the very near future. They've shown so much attention to detail and quality through the decor, service, and food; they need to extend it to the in-house music (and the plates).^ Incidentally, I am so enamored with this place, I just can't deduct a star for either of these. The rest of it was absolutely perfect. I highly recommend Royal Cafe & Creperie!
4	I love this place. It's small & quaint. The owners are so friendly! Ad every crepe I've had has been delicious! My favorite is the gryo crepe. I add avocado to it & it's to die for. The strawberry & nutella crepe is awesome as well. I've been several times & it's now one of my go-to places in Charlotte.
5	This place is awesome! I don't eat there often because I don't want to get burnt out, but my whole family loves it! The strawberry crepe is fantastic & also the ham crepe. They also have breakfast crepes. They also have coffee & tea. I'm a coffee drinker so I love the coffee. Hubby is a tea drinker. He says the tea is like Chinese style, very light, not heavy dark Indian style tea. The place is small but we've always found a place to sit. It's a cafe, so don't expect a dark, romantic place. If you want really good, reasonably priced food and VERY friendly service, this is the place!
4	The food here was really good and it's made right in front of you, so you know how clean the kitchen is.  There are a lot of choices of different crepes you can order and if you don't like any of the combos that are listed on the menu, you can make your own crepe.I got a breakfast crepe with avocados - I forget the name on the menu and it was delicious.  My only complaint was that it was so big, I couldn't finish it and crepes don't hold up well so I had to throw out the leftovers.  The prices are pretty steep for crepes IMO, but I guess that's why they are so big.  If I go back, I will make sure to split my crepe next time.
4	Had a great visit today! The food was so fresh and yummy! It was fun to watch them make the crepes too! Elena and Alexis are so embracing! Ill go back for sure!
5	This place would get 10 stars if possible!! As soon as we walked in we were greeted the menu was explained, it was our first time there and we were warmly welcomed. The service was excellent! You can watch your food cooked while you wait which was a show in itself and my mouth was watering the whole time. I ordered the turkey and bacon crepe it was wonderful nice and crispy yet soft the toppings were plentiful it was so big that really surprised me.  I had a caramel latte which was delicious. My BF got the Gyro crepe also super yummy he also got a Cuban coffee which he said was done just right. Everything was so good we decided to split a berry crepe which had strawberries, blueberries, and lemon cream cheese with a strawberry sauce over it....OMG we both had total foodgasims....I wish they were open right now so we could go back...it was that good!
5	Super fresh crepes in a Subway-style setting (you order the crepe additions as you go along if you want to). They have both sweet and savory. I had the turkey and veggie which was HUGE. You wouldn't look at the order of 1 crepe, no sides as being a big enough meal but the crepe has so much meat and so many fresh veggies cooked to order that I finished a quarter of it. My son had the Nutella crepes which were very good. He makes these at home all the time so he is somewhat of an aficionado. The Peanut Butter and Banana sounded lovely but, alas, too much sugar. The owners are very chatty and open about the business. I always ask new businesses how its going; we don't want to get attached to a new place if they'll get shuttered in a month. This can be a bakery-level treat or a healthy breakfast so mixed groups are best. Especially wonderful for the no carbers as the crepe is about a micron think. It is a tiny spot so go off-times. We were there at 10 and had one other group. It cost around $8 each for the heavy duty meat, veggie and cheese HUGE, fresh crepe. A good deal, indeed.
3	I gave this place a 3 mainly because of the price. 3 crepes and three drinks, 1 being a water, came to $31 for lunch. EEEEK!!!!!I had the Mediterranean crepe. It consisted of cubed chix, roasted red peppers, banana peppers cheese and some other salty items. It was not very good. Because the chicken was cubed, it kept falling out of the crepe and the salty, pickled items overpowered the entire crepe. My son got the Gyro crepe. It was very tasty but it was also obvious that the Gyro meat was originally frozen. Still the overall taste was really good. My son loved it and when it comes down to it, that's all that matters.My daughter had the strawberries, Nutella and whipped cream crepe. Yes I know, I allowed her to have a dessert crepe for lunch, don't judge! This crepe was my favorite. Aside from the mess, the crepe was beyond delicious. Lots of strawberries, lots of Nutella and lots of whipped cream. It was definitely the favorite among all of us at the table.The atmosphere was fine and they offer free WiFi which is very nice.
4	A really good dessert crepe place in Matthews.  I agree with other reviews on 2 things: price is a bit high and hard to eat the crepe with plastic fork, knife, and plate. I have never order any sandwich crepes so don't know if they are any good.
5	Absolutely delicious!! Be patient. Making fresh Crepes takes time. Your wait is worth it. Have a nice cup of coffee or hot tea (I had orange cranberry-so good!). My husband and I both had a lunch crepe. So good! We saved room for desert too! This is a must go place!
5	Great service, great coffee, and fantastic fresh crepes! We had florentine and el rancho.
5	Woot Woot!  Downtown Matthews has been changing a lot recently.  The newest addition to the block is the Royal Cafe & Creperie!  This place has been on my radar the past couple of months, but I've never had an excuse to go and try it (other than my supreme love of breakfast foods).  I did get to do "breakfast for dinner" when I was hanging out at the Beer Temple next door and needed something to munch on.My breakfast crepe dinner made such an impression on me that I made it a point to visit again during the weekend (twice!!)  Once on Saturday, and then another time after my long 10mile run on Sunday.  Each time I got to try a crepe that had exciting, fresh ingredients and made with a lot of love and care.The owners always gave me a warm welcome and recognized that I had been coming in frequently.  We talked about running and my favorite part is watching them work their magic on the crepe griddle.  It's almost an art, pouring the batter and whisking the trowel 360 degrees (don't think this is the proper terminology and tool names) to make a perfectly thin and light vessel for the goodness that are your fillings.They have a number of set menu items, but the great thing is that you can customize and make your own!Located on the new "main drag" near the Library/Town Hall - I hope this place definitely stays a while.  I plan on doing my part and having breakfast here as many chances as I can get!
5	OMG.  We just discovered this place this week and have returned 3 times -- tonight for dinner. Great coffee. Incredible food. It is a culinary experience.  Disagree with the negative comment about price.  It's a phenomenal VALUE.   Nothing like it in Matthews. Wish we had found it earlier in the summer.   Customer service is top notch.  Family-owned and operated.  Makes all the difference.  Since first writing this,we've been back several times.   Always consistent.   Hot breakfast today.   Another awesome experience.
5	Delicious crepes, Fresh coffee and amazing owners who make you feel at home! Great atmosphere!
5	I thought I had previously written a review about this restaurant.  I LOVE the food!  You can't go wrong with a crepe.  It is less filling than bread and is made fresh based on your order.  It is fun to watch the prep and actual cooking of the crepe.  When you can make it the way you want it, how can you go wrong.  Some of the additions will cost you $.25 and up, but I usually don't need anything else with mine.  I always go for the Smokey Chipotle Chicken and the Carmel Apple Pie (it smells like heaven).  On my hungry days, I will eat the entire crepe.  On my not-so-hungry days, I will eat half of mine and then half of a dessert crepe!  The staff are great as well.They also server gluten-free crepes.
5	We love this place the ingredients are fresh, portions large enough to satisfy anyone,  tea and coffees are wonderful as are the owners who are so warm and friendly.  So glad we found them. We will continue to recommend to all our friends & family.   Deb  H.
5	Excellent place for breakfast and lunch! The staff is incredibly nice and the crepes are delicious. The hamster crepe is my favorite while my boyfriend loves the florentine. I love this place!
4	I visited Royal Cafe & Creperie for the first time last week on Thursday. they have a Buffalo Chicken Special that I took advantage of; it was awesome. The staff were helpful, friendly. The place is clean and in a cool location. I came with with work buddies and then headed up the street to the Carolina Beet Temple where we were able to get a delicious craft beer to have with the awesome crepe.
4	Great crepes & really love that they will deliver to Carolina Beer Temple next door!  The crepes are thin but very tasty! There's also a very good variety of crepes to choose from.
4	Going by the Yelp reviews we decided to try this place out. We split the Italian Job and a Strawberries & Cream crepe... They were both amazing. Crepes were perfectly cooked with just the right amount of fillings. They are also big enough to split, especially if you want to have a savory and sweet one. Their teas are very good too. Went back a second time and still has good has the first time. A+ for consistency. I want to add the customer service is excellent which is always appreciated if not expected.
5	Great food! I got the Florentine and my husband got the turkey and cheddar.  Also they have real tea! The hot tea selection was great and the coffee was good too.  Worth the trip and will be going back.
5	Had a great meal at a reasonable price. We over 7 Crepes for 7 people - and everyone ended up splitting and sharing because they were just so huge and delicious. WE WILL COME BACK!
5	Service was so friendly and helpful. Food was great. Had gluten free and was very pleased to have the option. They even delivered to us next door at the beer hall. Will return for sure!
5	The food is always good every time we go!
5	I'm not usually a crepe kind of guy but this place . . . They do three things, crepes, coffee and tea and they do them all very VERY well. They have a variety of crepes suitable for any time of day not just breakfast so feel free to go by for lunch or dinner. Or if you don't like what they've put together you can 'make' your own from a list of ingredients. Their coffee is local, oh so good.and totally refillable. They have a variety of loose leaf teas and serve them in those bottom pouring tea pots. The inside is very pleasant nicely done but not over done and the service is just excellent. Yes they serve the crepes on paper plates (sturdy ones) which is a little odd but they do have metal flatware so it's just not that big a deal. Go get your crepe on, seriously they're awesome.
4	Perfect little cozy family owned place where you'll not only love the fresh ingredients but appreciate the families story. Be sure to meet them while you're enjoying a hidden local gem in the quaint town of Matthews NC.
5	Just moved to Charlotte from STL, MO.Everything about this place was outstanding. The food was to die for...chunky monkey, royal trinity and caramel apple pie.   The house coffee was very good. The owners were very friendly and very accommodating. A tad pricey but worth it. The Chinet plates did not bother me in the slightest.  I cannot wait to go back.  A+
5	I thought I had written a review previously. First off this is a must to visit if you like crepes. They offer breakfast-dinner. With a variety of offerings. The vegetables are really tasty even for the dead of winter. The chicken I am still wondering if it is brought in frozen. I know the answer, but everything else is so fresh I just don't want to beleieve they use frozen Tyson chicken. At any rate the flavors we have tried in a variety of breakfast and lunch crepes are Delish!! My son got the banana and Nutella Crepe with creme and it was like a dessert. I had a Mediterranean one with ripe avocados, tomatoes, spinach, chick and a few other vegs. It was really good. It is a small rest tucked in the Mathews station across from the yucky Beantown rest that we tried on and off for years and they consistently got worse and worse... It's just a good ole bar, don't go there for any food! Bla but put this creperie on your list it won't disappoint.
5	Personal service and tasty food make this place a gem. The crepes are amazing whether you get breakfast, savory or sweet. The mix of flavor is a taste explosion!But it goes beyond the great taste. The service here is one of a kind. You are greeted with a smile, orders are prepared promptly, and if you are having a difficult time deciding on a crepe, they will take the time to help you decide. Support local and get a wonderful treat with delicious crepes.
5	This is our most FAVORITE place to go to. They have breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert options. So so so good! Anything I order anything I am absolutely satisfied, especially if you pair it with some coffee or tea :)) the owners are the best!! So loving and kind, the best customer service :) they are a blessing indeed!
5	I visited Royal Cafe and Creperie for the first time today at lunch.  There's about 7 or 8 tables inside and 2 or 3 tables outside.  All the tables were full, except for one, when we walked in.  You place your order at the counter then sit down. There is a varied selection of breakfast, lunch and dessert crepes.  There is also a gluten free option.  I had the 3 Omegas crepe, filled with spinach, black beans, avocado, onion, walnuts, feta and basil pesto. It was delicious!  My husband and I split the S'more dessert crepe, chocolate chunks, broken graham crackers, lots of mini marshmallows, topped with powered sugar and drizzled with chocolate.  Warm, gooey and  yummy!  We enjoyed our visit with Elena, one of the owners.  Her joy and passion for what she does is evident.  Already looking forward to our next visit.
5	Would highly recommend this place. The crepes are amazing and all breakfast and lunch crepes are offered all day. Service is fantastic. The place itself is small, but you can take your order next door of needed or out on the small patio. Fresh and tasty
5	Really delicious, friendly staff, you watch them cook.  They just need to be closer to our house and I would go every week.
5	This is a great place for lunch, dinner, or dessert! Friendly, tasty. They always ask how it was. Regular crepes, breakfast crepes, dessert crepes, and even gluten free one that my celiac wife can have with no worries. Espresso too. Lovely little outdoor seating.
5	Wow so delicious! We've been here about 5 times and the quality and service remains top notch. We will continue to visit as it's so good.
5	A  locally owned cafe with great food and friendly personal service. A real winner in my book!
5	The service was great and the food was very flavorful. I had the 8 am and my wife had the Hamster. They have several selections of loose leaf tea brought to the table in a Teaze brewer. Definitely  will come back.
4	This place is so unassuming...a diamond in the rough. What it lacks in ambiance and decor it makes up in great tasting crepes packed with mouthwatering stuffings. This place is great for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and definitely desert. I recommend the roast beast, Philly cheesesteak, and the smoky chicken chipotle.
5	The new Spring Fling crepe is fabulous and the service is still do friendly and efficient!
5	One of my very favorite places to go! Alexis is a fantastic owner and knows so many of the patrons on a first name basis. It's relaxing and the food is yummy and consistent.  Get the TBC crepe for dinner and a S'Mores crepe for dessert.  Highly recommend!
5	Fantastic crepes! Unusual ingregients like hummus, roast beef, gyro, etc to name but a few. But the quality is there along with great and friendly customer service from the staff!Had the Hummus and Roast Beef crepes which were excellent! I asked for gyro meat but they could have added chicken if you wanted. Best thing about this place is tgat everything is customizable. ..so substitute whatever YOU like to make ur tummy and taste buds happy!Overall a really great place for crepes! Need to come back to try their sweet crepes.
5	Delicious. Friendly and helpful owners, amazing savory and sweet crepes! I can't wait to go back and try their coffee and tea! I wish I had taken a picture but I didn't hesitate when my crepe was put in front of me :-)
5	The Crepes are amazing and fresh and there are so many options to choose from! I'm also a big fan of their lattes. Customer service was great! This is one of my favorite places in Matthews!
3	I am really not a creperie person. Let's face it - I don't even know what a creperie person is. Or what a creperie is. I barely know what a crepe is. But we happened to be hanging out at Matthews Station - which seems different every time we're there - and noticed this place that we'd never seen. So we stopped in.There isn't much to it. If I hadn't seen the sign outside, or the griddle for cooking crepes, it could have passed for a froyo shop. On that note, you actually have to be careful - because much like a froyo shop, you can make your own crepe (not quite literally) by adding your own ingredients, which can add up. On another note, this might have been where Carvel used to be way back when.Anyway, beyond a counter with the aforementioned griddle, a menu describing the crepes, and some tables for consuming those crepes, there isn't a lot here. So peruse that menu, figure out what you'd like, and get to eating.Staff is friendly, and can help you decide - but in the end, you simply have to determine what you want on yours, and there isn't much to it. The experience isn't all that grand. Creperie is a bit much, and it sounds better than it is, but it's worth a visit.
5	I had come to the royal creperie with high expectations because their yelp reviews were so good. I was a little surprised when I walked in that it was a counter service restaurant, but it didn't affect the delicious factor or the customer service.Our crepe maker walked us through the menu, told us what was good and then made us an amazing dinner. I had the gyro crepe and my husband had the Philly. Both of them exceeded our expectations.The owner was also there, and was extremely friendly. Two boys came in doing a psych experiment to see if they could get free food if they asked for it. She said yes instantly, which was both nice and entertaining.We will be back very soon!
5	Dropped by 15 minutes before closing. Super nice folks there.  Had the pumpkin desert crepe (delicious) and some georgia peach tea (also great).  Definitely going back to try breakfast or lunch.
4	Crepe was excellent; however, the filing ingredients felt like they were canned and not of the best quality.  We tried lunch type crepes.  We'll try the desert crepes next time.  Will definitely come back again.
4	Delicious, light and airy crepes. Two of us split a savory and a dessert crepe, and the portions were perfect. The shop reminds me of an old time soda shop. Outside seating is small and shady.
5	Again, we are regulars here. They have delicious creations, incredibly friendly and attentive. They learned our names, ask about our children & work.  It's a terrific place. Great food. Great service. Highly recommend.
4	The crepes here are really good, and they're really creative. My wife and I usually each choose a savory crepe and then split a sweet crepe for dessert. The crepes are always perfectly cooked. Some crepes, however, are better than others. The pumpkin crepe, for instance, was lackluster and missing some ingredients when I first tried it, but it was amazing (and complete) the second time I tried it.The selection of teas is great, and I love the pots the teas are served in. I'm a big fan of the ginger peach tea, and I get it each time I come here.Overall, this is a place where the service is great and the food is consistently good. A meal that's actually filling can get a bit pricey, but coming here for a light lunch or a snack is perfect.
5	The gyro crepe is amazing! All of the ones I've had have been delicious. Everything is made fresh in front of you. Easier to get food to go because the place is so small.
5	Never a bad experience and very accommodating to food allergies. Favorite is the Hamazing.
5	We've been twice and enjoyed our meals both times.  My favorite is the "Mediterranean."  My husband's favorite is the Gyro.  Friendly & helpful service.  They accommodate substitutions or you can make up your own crepe from the wide selection of ingredients.  They also offer good loose teas and coffee.  We will be back again and again.
2	It was okay ... Nothing impressive. Not worth the $$ I ordered the hamamazing crepe. Very little ham and Swiss cheese. Filled with more lettuce. Trying to be cheap...
4	I've been several times to this creperie. I have sampled several of the crepes that are offered. I can genuinely say that this place offers some quality-made crepes. If you are looking for a crepe to fulfill that sweet tooth's desire, I recommend the Royal Trinity. If you are looking for a delicious and fulfilling meal, I recommend the Smoky Chipotle Chicken.
