4	@ZoesKitchen is a great addition to the Scottsdale Waterfront shopping area!  Now I can have a good meal over here for under $20/plate!  I had the Greek marinara chicken plate.  Marinated, grilled chicken breast on a bed of orzo with a nice marinara sauce.  A good portion of Greek salad on the side.I also tried my wife's spinach wraps - reminiscent of spanikopita.Service was outstanding.The atmosphere is casual and nice.
3	I work across the street from this place every body i work with was all gaga so i gave it a whirl i had the pita pocket stuffed w tuna the pocket bread was dry and disinegrated in my hand and i did not think the tuna had much flavor i also had tried the turkey ruben which was good ...i see a few other menu items i may give a whirl at some point.......
4	Bigger and better than ever! Zoes sure is stepping up their game in their shiny new Waterfront location. I anticipated the opening of the new Zoes for weeks and jumped at the first chance I had to pay them a visit. Now that I am reporting on Zoes after my visit, I can say that I am a happy camper!First of all, I love the location because now that means I don't have to drive 15 minutes to get my Zoes fix. Second of all, they made sure to create plenty of seating here so I hope that means I will always have the luck I had upon my first visit every time and score a seat seamlessly. The atmosphere inside is very quirky and fun with bright colors and a quick take-out environment with the option to sit and enjoy lunch. Next I will dedicate an entire paragraph to the Coke machine. I might be in the dark ages but this is the first time I've seen a coke machine like this! Upon first glance it looks like it's retro and a copy of an old school machine, but then once you look closer, it looks like a space ship about ready to take you to a new universe of fountain drink mania. It has every option imaginable, including about 8 different Diet Coke flavors. Amazing! The food at Zoes is good and tastes healthy and fresh. It's a perfect fix for a light lunch where you don't walk away feeling too full and yet you're still satisfied. Some of my Zoes favorites include the wraps, Greek salad, Grilled Chicken pita and hummus. The pita bread that comes with the hummus is a little dry for me and would probably taste better if it came out hot. However, in general the food at Zoes is good and you get a decent amount of food for what you pay for, including a side option of fruit, salad, pasta (w/o mayo) and some other choices. They also have Mediterranean tuna which is mayo-free, tasty and easy on the waistline! So farewell Zoes until the very near future because I promise you, I will be a regular here. I even bought the reusable cup which offers me 99 cent refills upon my return!
2	ok went and ordered the humus which i found bland  and the kids chicken and cheese queseadilla which is probley the best thing i have had
4	This new Zoes location has been open only a few weeks but it's already become a regular lunch destination in my rotation!I'm a huge fan of Zoes' Greek Salads, chicken salad, hummus, and fruit salad.  I love their large portions, casual atmosphere, and modest prices.  I also love their "dinners for four," which are perfect if you're bringing dinner over to someone's house, and they are always a hit!Todd, the manager of this location, is super nice, as is the rest of the staff... oh, and I know it's already been written about in some of the other reviews, but you have to order a drink and use the new Coke machine!  It's incredible how many options there are.  My latest fave drink concoction is my version of an Arnold Palmer: 1/2 unsweet tea, 1/4 raspberry lemonade, and 1/4 regular lemonade.  Delish!Don't forget to check-in on Yelp for 10% off your order!
4	This new lunch spot is going into my regular rotation. I stopped by here with a friend here for lunch and found that they just happened to be handing out coupons for a free lunch. Talk about lucky! We were debating between giving this place a try or going to Olive and Ivy (they have a market with cheaper options for lunch) but the mention of "free" made the decision for us. I did check out the prices on the menu, though, and both our meals would have been less than $10 which I try to keep as my upper price limit for a workday lunch. I got a chicken pita which was very tasty but it kind of fell apart since the pita was so thin. It was a substantial amount of chicken and there were also veggies with a vinaigrette on them which I really enjoyed since I don't like the creamy yogurt sauce that most Greek places use. It came with a pasta salad that I was informed by the menu had no mayo but still appeared to be creamy. A quick taste test assured me that the creaminess was cheese... I am not sure if it was a very mild feta or a soft fresh mozzarella... but either way it was delish! My friend got the spinach roll-ups and they looked fantastic. I will definitely try those next time. They came with a side of salsa to dip them in so that is right up my alley. I did not use the space-age soda machine since it was surrounded by a gaggle of kids in awe of its features and options. Instead I had the hibiscus iced tea and it was lovely. I like the decor of this place. Clean and simple seating, but with some funky art on the wall to keep it from looking too corporate. Even though it was order at the counter, they also had people roaming around to pick up dirty dishes and offering to refill drinks. Everyone working there seemed friendly and happy so that always helps to make a good experience. Overall the food was nothing mind-blowing... good but not exceptional. But I got very excited about this place just because I need more options nearby for lunch that are healthy, cheap, and fast. I will definitely return.
5	While on my way to a neighboring establishment I discovered Zoe's Kitchen in Scottsdale. I have always wanted to give their Phx location a try, so this was my chance. I am a vegan and ordered the veggie pizza and salad. I neglected to inquire if these qualified as vegan (My Fault-they did not) and when the salad arrived, I explained my situation and they could not have been nicer about it. They remade the salad sans cheese and recreated the pizza to be vegan and EXTRA good! Wonderful staff, nice atmosphere. reasonable priced and delicious!
5	Great food and great service. I have been several times to other locations and this one is as good as the rest. Very clean and a good value.
4	yum scrum! i am a fan.i get two chicken skewers and a veggie skewer. seriously so bomb diggity. and the lunch prices are right up my alley at around $8. the soda fountain is fun too
5	Normally, I'm not a fan of franchises, but Zoes Kitchen has it down. Impeccable everything, completely healthy and delicious, every damn time! Zoes is a perfect lunch spot, with counter ordering, fast service, light healthy , perfectly appealing food. Service is always friendly and the food is always fresh. They use no mayo in their tuna or their out of this world slaw (something I literally crave)! The prices are quite ideal too! Obviously, i'm stoked on this place! You will be too :)
4	start your lunch/dinner with their yia yia's chocolate sheet cake--it is very good!i prefer their sandwiches and orzo salad!
5	One of my favorite quick eats in old town. Great selection spanning many food genres. Try the cookies after lunch or dinner..+++ And they have the magic soda fountain!
4	Great new place in Old Town.  The food was delicious and the prices are great!  Will be going back for sure!
1	Editing my review. I originally gave Zoe's 3 stars, but on my third visit I ended up having one of the worst dining experiences of my life. I'm typically not a person that will completely write off a restaurant based on one bad experience but I think sometimes it is completely understandable.I'll start off by saying on all 3 of my Zoe's experiences I ordered the grilled vegetable kebabs. Not bad, but they are not great. And extremely overpriced, to boot. The item is marked "vegan", but the salad it comes with is topped with feta cheese, which makes it not vegan. Zoe's needs to take their "V" off this item because if it wasn't for the fact that I emailed Zoe's corporate email prior to my first visit, I would have been stuck with an inedible salad. Besides, vegans are smart enough to ask questions about menu items that are not clearly marked vegan. Just don't give them false security by labeling non-vegan food "vegan" because then we'll feel we don't need to ask questions. In short, what happened last experience was I ordered "grilled vegetable kebabs" and ended up with a plate of big, stinking, chicken kebabs. A sight not pleasing to most vegans and vegetarians and frankly, quite offensive to ethical vegans and vegetarians. It's not a "choice" for me, it's a belief and a lifestyle. This is the equivalent to serving a steak to a Hindu, or a rack of ribs to a Jew.Anyways, server takes my beans off the plate and takes the plate back to get me my kebabs. Mind you, the chicken kebabs cost more than the vegetable ones but I figured getting my money back would be more hassle than it's worth. 15 minutes pass. My beans go cold as I patiently wait the return of my food and pita for which to eat said beans. In a flurry of apologies and napkins, my server arrives with my plate. By this point I've already decided I'm not coming back here ever again. But the cherry on top is there are little bits of feta cheese in my salad. Done and done. There are some mistakes that are unforgivable.
4	I like food that tastes fattier than it is. I find this at Zoes. I'm a huge fan of the spinach rolls with chicken and rumor has it (or a nutrition website claims) that they are lower in calories than you'd typically expect. Now by no means are these probably considered low-cal but I think (hope) they are lower in calories. And if not, I still love them so don't burst my wannabe healthy bubble! :) I also love, love, love their hummus which I know is not so low cal, but it's love and I can't say no to it.
5	So happy they have a location in Old Town now! When my co workers and I try to figure out where to go to lunch, we ALWAYS consider Zoe's.  They are super efficient and the food is really consistent.I had the steak sandwich last time and talked about it for the next two hours. Would also recommend the chicken roll ups. I've only ever gotten the pasta salad as a side but I'm sure the other sides are delicious too!I was surprised to learn that it was a chain but don't let that scare you off!
4	After the fabulous CMYE at Zoe's in Phoenix, I was delighted to see another restaurant open up in my neighborhood!I can't really tell you how great the entire menu is because the only thing I ever order is spinach rolls with chicken and marinated slaw.  While I'm always tempted by other offerings, I also resort to my usual, and I'm never disappointed.  Well a little disappointed when my plate is empty, but not before.  I'm also a big fan of their limeade and never pass that up either.But the best part of Zoe's is the staff.  Everyone is so incredibly hospitable.  I don't know where they find employees like that, but I'm glad they do!
5	I love food....I had the steak roll ups and some potato salad.  Steak tips had mushrooms and carmelized onions in them and this delicious dipping sauce that I kinda felt like drinking it was so dang good.  The coolest coke machine ever is here (we need some in Text) it is a touch screen coke machine. I was watching th people in front of us do it first so I didnt feel too stupid taking my turn.  It was way cool...wish I would have gotten a picture.  The area is great, next will have to try a different place in same area!They also have pictures up around the entire restraunt that were drawn by kids at the Childrens hospital was a very cute touch!
2	Tried 3 diff dishes..all were below avg at best.  Too expensive for bland food.
5	Fabulous menu great friendly service and amazing food !!!! Wish they had one of these in Tucson. Thankfully we make it here a few times a year :-) thanks for another amazing meal love the additions. Had the spinach wraps with slaw and hubby had the steak wraps. Oh also a cool trendy drink touchscreen fountain. I know I'm easily amused. Anther cool thing is the awesome art on the walls from the children's hospital.
3	First time eating here and all I can say is that I hope they are able to franchise in Georgia soon.  I had the chicken Kabobs, rice and Greek salad.  Food was fresh, tasty and a good value.
4	I love Zoes! Their coleslaw is to die for, and the housemade hummus is creamy and wonderful! I've had nothing but delicious food here, and can't say enough about the freshness and flavor of all of the dishes I've tried.Their chicken salad tastes like the yummy chicken salad I've eaten in NYC, and the tuna salad (with mayo version) is wonderful! So far, Zoes is consistently great food with very nice personnel!
4	Perfect lunch! Stopped here while in town on a biz trip from NYC. Was planning to go somewhere else, but spotted this place and looked at the menu. I got a half an egg salad sandwich on multi-grain and greek salad. Just what I was looking for! Inexpensive, tasty and the egg salad was NOT drowning in mayo. Hallelujah!
4	I've eaten at Zoe's a handful of times and have yet to be disappointed. The food is fresh and delicious, the customer service is great and you can't beat the location. Who doesn't want a lunch break after a long day shopping at Fashion Square? I'm a big fan of the tuna sandwich and tomato soup combo. Yum!
4	Very good, healthy food. Had the spinach roll ups w/ chicken. They were very tasty. Came with a side of hot sauce. The real star was the grilled vegetables as the side order. Great flavor! Carrots, broccoli, onions and mushrooms with a grilled flavor that was amazing.I could of just eaten a bowl of this it was soooo good. Chocolate cake pretty good but you could taste the sugar granules. Wife had soup (chicken orzo) and salad and said it was very good. Cool coke machine here to get your fountain drinks. I had iced tea which was good. Will definitely return as I want to try the chicken kabobs.update: had the chicken kabobs several times now. 2 skewers w/ rice and salad- best meal around for under $10. Zoes is our new fav spot!
4	Great food and great service. This place seems to always have a good size crowd but never over crowded so getting your food is always quick and easy. This is a great place to come pick up a quick meal and a healthy one. Love this place! The Chicken Roll-ups are AMAZING!
5	This past weekend, I squealed in delight to learn about the Simply 500 menu that Zoes recently launched. Well, they didn't actually launch it since the items have always been on their menu, but they've finally made it easy on on the calorie-conscious to figure out what to order while visiting. Sadly the hummus wasn't on the menu (probably because of the pita), but there are several delicious items, including the spinach roll-ups! I uploaded the menu and posted it to the Yelp listing. Take a look! Your waistline will thank you.
5	Yum! Zoe's Kitchen is a healthy, inexpensive and casual spot for lunch. My boyfriend and I split the Chicken Roll-ups and the Steak Roll-ups - both were very tasty and came with dipping sauce and a side. And the homemade chocolate chip cookies were delicious - soft, chewy, and lots of chocolate chips.
5	Wow wow wow!! I can't get enough of Zoe's. The food here is DIVINE. Completely SUPREME. I love it. My faves:-steak roll ups-chicken roll ups-the slaw-rice pilaf-hummus-they have bomb iced tea.Plus, you can order and pay for your food online, so if you want to pick it up you literally walk in, are handed your food, and walk out. So easy.The people who work here are rad too.
5	Healthy and inexpensive food in the Waterfront - YEAH!!  THe people that work here are extremely friendly, helpful and customer service friendly too.  They keep it clean and accomodate picky, higher maintenance people like myselfThe food is much better quality than the places surrounding it so not sure why its not busier.  I love the Greek salad with chicken. The chicken, the potato salad, grilled veggies, dressing... yum, I salivate just thinking of their salad. And now, they upgraded their pitas to the soft ones.  HEAVEN!!  ITs a toss up between them and Pita Jungle for best greek salad.  Depends on the day so please check them outMy hubby loves the kabob and unlimited refills on drinks. Also, they substitute a nice size side salad in case you dont want the beans or rice.This is a place that you need to try!  If shopping at fashion square, its worth the small walk to leave the food court and eat at Zoe's
5	Just picked up take-out from Zoe's after ordering online. The whole process was super quick and easy. I literally walked in, was handed my order, and walked out. Paid online... It was was great!Then, the food was DELISH! First time visitor, so I didn't know what to expect.I'll be honest , I needed hangover food, but wanted to stay relatively healthy. I'm so glad I chose this place. I can see why people love it!My friend and I shared the chicken rollups with the white beans as a side and the chicken salad sampler plate. Everything was great and I don't feel bad about eating it either. I'll be back to try other menu items for sure :)
4	The last time I went to Dallas I spent 3 days (out of my 4 day trip) lunching at Zoe's. I just couldn't get enough of their spinach roll-ups. When I heard Scottsdale had a few Zoe's with the same delish spinach roll-ups I shouted a yippee!It turns out they make the spinach roll-ups just as good here in Phoenix. And the hummus app we ordered was pretty tasty as well! They also have this crazy soda machine where you can get a billion (or ok a couple dozen) types of soda out of one faucet. Pretty cool even if I found it to be a bit confusing.I'm glad the good peeps in Dallas and Phoenix get to enjoy Zoes on a daily basis, but we Chicagoans want in too! Bring the spinach roll-ups to the Windy City please!
5	Honestly, my visit there was perfect.I'm not a foodie, and I've never tried this type of food before. My mom was visiting, and was lured in by the smell of grilled vegetables and spices.The service was really great, friendly and sincere. We both had the veggie kabobs with a side of the pasta salad and beans with pita bread. I was wary about what kind of side beans and bread would make, but it was delicious. Flavorful and really comforting, especially on that pillow-soft bread.Pasta salad was a really interesting new direction for me with its feta cheese and shell pasta. Not what I was expecting, but surprised in a good way.The kabobs stole the show, mushrooms being our hands down favorite. The soda machine is the coolest thing I've seen done involving a drink, topping the previous winner (drinking soda out of a Sippasaurus). Chocolate chip chunk cookies are huge, soft, chewy, and wonderful. We're going steady now.I really recommend this place! Thanks for showing me and my mom a great time.
5	It was perfect. My boyfriend and I were in a hurry, wanted something quick, healthy and light and Zoe's delivered. Not literally, we ate in. Service was amazingly quick and friendly. We ordered the Chicken Roll-Ups, which were delicious and wonderfully complimented by their salsa, which the server brought extras of! All in all, great experience, I'd love to go back, but I live in Cincy. Oh well. Rock on Zoe's.
4	Zoe's is special for not fearing the Americanized taste bud. I don't mean the food is super exotic... I mean that they don't serve deceitful food just because it's popular.Many a "healthy" restaurant is so scared of people complaining about taste that they hide absurd quantities of sugar, fat, and salt in their dishes, just to avoid losing clients that probably shouldn't be there anyway. The rest of us end up with an entree that appears greener and more nutritious, but is actually just brimming with the same problem ingredients as the pasta everyone secretly wanted.Not at Zoe's. Sure, not every dish is "healthy", but the menu is pleasantly accommodating to any diet. They replaced every one of the original sides that came with my kebabs in exchange for a heap of veggies without hesitation. You can pretty much build your own dish, and for people avoiding gluten, dairy, obesity, this, that, and the other... that's pretty cool. The meat is cooked simply, nothing is drowned in sauce, and they don't skimp on the greenery. Plus, calories and nutrition facts are all available if you're feeling neurotic. Kudos to Zoe's, because even if my veggies would have tasted better soaked in cheese, my stomach thanks you.
4	Cute and casual lunch option.// LOCATION // Just outside the Scottsdale Mall // SERVICE // You order at the counter, are given a number, and seat yourself. Drinks are self-serve as well at their awesome digital Coca Cola soda dispenser// FOOD //      + Chicken salad sandwich: Fabulously fresh. It same consistency as tuna salad which kind of throws you off     + Pasta salad: Fresh and refreshing without being overly dressed     + Beef roll ups: Ate these 3 hours later and they were still super tasty. The meat is very tender     + Greek salad dressing: Simple yet delish with olive oil and red wine vinegar. There is a bottle on every table so that you can help yourself
4	I love how fresh the food is...I wish I didn't check the nutritional count, the sodium content for most of the menu items freaked me out. I guess that's what happens when you eat at chain restaurants.
4	Usually come here once or twice a week. Healthy options and still very tasty...will make you feel better about stuffing your face! Chicken kabobs are great, Comes w greek salad, pita, and rice for about $10! The turkey stack w potato salad is always my sandwich choice!
4	Adorable little healthy place! Food is excellent and service was impeccable. The pita is fresh and grilled, rice pilaf is tasty but not salty.  The chicken kabobs are tender and juicy. Salad dressing comes in a bottle on the table- be sure to shake it before you use it! Must try- fresh homemade limeade. Very tasty and not too sweet! Most fun? Their awesome fountain drink machine- fun and techy. Definitely not your run of the mill fountain machine!Yummilicious Factor = A-
5	One of the 'newer' options and one of my faves in Scottsdale by the Waterfront to grab a nice, healthy- light lunch! My mother and I both fell in love with this spot. It's casual the menu is pretty open for anyone looking for something healthy and not so heavy on the stomach. I got the Turkey Club with the slaw (which I might add doesn't have mayo) which both were amazing! The guy working that day was so sweet and being that it was our first visit, he gave us a complimentary hummus appetizer- which was delish as well. You can really taste the olive oil that everything is cooked in but it's not overwhelming at all. If you're in the area, give it a try. Definitely one of my more favorite Fox Restaurant's.
5	One of my favorite places to go for lunch! The food is great (greek salad, hummus, tzatziki, veggie pita pizza, spinach feta roll ups), the staff is friendly and the wait time on the food is never bad. Decently priced for what you get. Get a reusable Zoes cup for soft drinks, etc. if you plan to go here often!
4	Anytime I can eat a lunch that combines pasta, grilled chicken, avocado, and tons of fresh vegetables all in one salad, chances are I'm going to be a fan. I recently had lunch at Zoes and while I wasn't totally blown away, it was pretty darn enjoyable. The space itself is pretty busy, and because you seat yourself it can be a challenge to find a decent spot (especially if you're with a big group.) After ordering, I was happy to see a few different unsweetened tea options including a few tropical varieties. So good! We got a few bowls of hummus for the table which was standard, but the pita bread was soft and yummy & I loved the olive oil drizzled on top. After filling up a little on that, I ventured into the chicken chop salad and the combo of everything in it was filling and satisfying. It also was giant, which is helpful when you know you won't be eating again for a while. It's packaged so that it's convenient to take with ya if you don't feel like eating the entire thing.My lunch mates were so-so about their meals but I really don't have any complaints about mine. I'd definitely eat at Zoes if we had one in St. Louis. The employees were friendly, the ingredients were fresh, and we were in and out within an hour. That's what I call a major lunchtime win.
4	Look what I found! Potatoes... in a salad... that isn't a potato salad.Zoe's is a lunch spot, a chow spot, a spot between meetings spot. It's a spot to fill your empty tummy spot, and you'll get your fill. I won't elaborate: I had the classic, the Greek salad, and it didn't disappoint. Here's the menu description: "Tomato, cucumber, peppers, olives, onions, feta over potato salad". That's what I ate, and I was super happy all of the goods were OVER the potato salad because the entree gained a kind of textural sophistication when the greens were gone and the carbs were waiting. It's a smart move, hiding the potatoes, it gives the meal some umph and it challenges the taste buds.The establishment is clean, clean, clean. Come around lunch it can get hectic, so plan to come ahead. I loved the tea options, especially the non-sweetened stuff. I was also rather impressed by the vittles, the pita and hummus with olive oil. Good stuff. This place earns four honest stars as a lunch break beautician. Nice work, Zoe. I'll be back.
4	Fresh, fast and affordable are two things that don't often intersect these days, but somehow Zoe's manages to bring it all together under one roof! We had pre-ordered our meals to ensure we had enough time to eat lunch and picked up our food at the counter. GREEK SALAD: A light and heart healthy alternative to my usual pizzas and heavy plate lunches. Big portion of greens so hopefully this will help to fill up the bigger sized bellies.HUMMUS : Beyond the salad I highly recommend getting the hummus with pita bread! The hummus has just the right level of lemon flavor which I often find lacking in other mediterranean joints. Bravo Zoe's!TOMATO SOUP: Whatever you do, DO NOT order the tomato soup. I could taste the straight from the can flavor and this was definitely the low-point of my meal.The decor at Zoe's is modern casual with open seating. Their soda machine from the future was very perplexing and I'm glad someone else was there to show me how to use it! Great fast casual concept and I do hope it comes to my hometown of Honolulu some day soon!(Photo machine from the future: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zo%C3%ABs-kitchen-scottsdale-2?select=wldK7GljQwSOopMmhad2_Q#wldK7GljQwSOopMmhad2_Q)31 Yelps Challenge: #19/31
4	Zoes Kitchen gets crazy busy during lunch time, but don't let that scare you from giving this place a shot. The service is fast, friendly, and efficient. From the time we ordered at the counter, filled our drinks up with one of the three fresh brewed tea options (while slowly walking away and starring at this crazy futuristic soda machine), and sat down at a table, we only had to wait about seven or so minutes for our healthy meals to arrive with their delicious aromas.They do have a Simply 500 menu that lists all their items that fit the criteria of 500 calories or less. It is not listed above the order counter so you'll have to ask to see one. My mother ordered the Spinach Roll-ups that came with a cup of fruit and I went for the Veggie Kabobs. Both of us enjoyed our meals, but we both agreed that we wouldn't drive down just for Zoes, if we are in the area it will be on our minds as an option.  It was neat to see the art projects from the kids at Phoenix Children's Hospital that Zoes displays throughout the restaurant walls. The total for two meals and two small drinks came to $21.64
4	I stopped in today for lunch and was impressed. I had the spinach wraps with chicken and grilled veggies.The wraps were super fresh & delicious and the veggies were good, too. I'll definitely be going back to try some of their other items.
3	Casual, simple, healthy food. I checked out the menu online prior to going and I appreciated the nutritional information posted on their website. It reminded me of a panera bread or au bon pain with the big menu board above the counter.I ordered the veggie kabob entree which came with braised white beans and a side Greek salad. The veggie kabobs were good. Not greasy, just grilled pure veggies, although maybe a little oregano or seasoning would've been nice. The Greek salad had nothing Greek about it other than two olives perched on top. It's supposed to come with feta cheese but mine was absent. Oh well, still I appreciated the healthy aspect that it wasn't smothered in dressing and instead there is a squeeze bottle of dressing you can add yourself. The braised beans seemed quite oily, but they were tasty so I polished those off. I liked the hibiscus iced tea as well. My friend ordered a chicken pita, plain, which she seemed to like.I wouldn't say I'd crave this meal again, but overall if you are looking for healthy food that is relatively fast and inexpensive this is worth trying. I think my friend and I paid $20 for our two meals.
4	A quick, fresh, and fairly healthy meal conveniently located in the Waterfront.  Zoes is a big step up from most of the options in Fashion Square's foot court, and you'll get in and out of this quick-service spot much quicker than you would at most of the full-service restaurants.  The prices for the portion size and quality of the food is more than fair.I had the chicken rollups.  Pretty good.  Two small chicken wraps, cut in half to make four pieces, which are about two to three bites each.  There's also a nice medium salsa for dipping which is the perfect compliment to the dish.  I also had a side of brazed white beans which weren't bad, although whomever prepped it went a bit too heavy on the rosemary.
4	Healthy, tasty and quick. The Trifecta. Hard to find. I didn't even really know what kind of food it was before I went. I guess it's contemporary Mediterranean?I got the chicken kabobs per the recommendation of the friendly cashier. Chicken was very good, nicely spiced. Comes with rice pilaf and greek salad, both were done well. Overall a healthy, tasty meal and a great alternative to fast food.
2	Who knew tasteless and Mediterranean went together.I apparently didn't Instead of the dreamy hummus and usually great kebabs I expected the meal was quite spartan. I mean you can make food healthy but you don't have to kill every ounce of flavor to get there. The dressing couldn't salvage the flavorless wreck. It's sterile atmosphere and boring food makes me wonder if its clientale is geMy dining companions made quick work of their food but I warrant that more to the 3 hour long Cloud Atlas movie was just endeavored in.So yeah if you like crudites are happen to be a rabbit come to Zoes!
2	It was ok. I have experienced better places that have the same food. I felt pressured to get certain items, being that it was my first time. What's weird is that they have kebobs but no gyros. Probably would not go back especially with Culinary Dropout and Olive and Ivy right nearby.
5	I visited for the first time 1/22 and I can't wait to go back! They have a small area outside and I took my dog with me. I was offered water for my pup right away. After deciding on steak kabob plate, and using their awesome soda machine, we waited for the food which didn't take long at all. It was seriously like a home cooked meal, I loved it. Even the sides were delicious, everything tasted so fresh. Even though I ate all my food, I had to try their chocolate cake. It was great, not too sweet! Yum
4	Good food and fast service. The prices were good too! I love orzo! :)
4	I recently visited Zoe's for my first time, as I was in the area and one of my coworkers constantly raves about it. My friend and I were greeted by both friendly cashiers and given time to read the menu.It was an oddly cold day in Arizona so we each opted for a cup of tomato bisque soup. We also both selected the turkey stack sandwich (sliced turkey breast, lettuce, feta spread, tomato, mozzarella and rosemary oil), which comes with your choice of side item. She got fruit and I tried the mayo-less slaw. I was so full from the hearty soup and the slaw that I barely got two bites taken out of my sandwich before I tapped out. :(Everything I tried was fresh and tasty. I will definitely be back to sample more menu items. P.S. They have the cool touch screen soda fountain for all you pop drinkers.
5	Amazing food!  The steak kabobs were the best I have had.   David took care of us and made us feel like family.   I would suggest anyone try Zoe's if you want great food and a friendly atmosphere.  YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	They have labels for vegan and vegetarian options!
3	Take out was disappointing.  I had a Pressed Sandwich with Grilled Vegetables.  The Sandwich was just all right and the grilled veggies were a real miss.  The "Grilled Vegetables" consist of 3 pieces of Broccoli, Onions and Small Slices of Carrots (if anything else was in this extremely small portion, I could not see or taste it). NO FLAVOR.... I was not impressed at all and think you might be better off trying one of the other Mediterranean places in town.
5	Thee very best chicken salad I have ever had, it's to die for!!
5	I go here at least 3 times a week. I usually stick to the Protein Power Plate and the Steak Kabob plate. Both items are awesome, the service is great, everyone is super friendly! Seth is a great manager and keeps the place running like a fine oiled machine! Highly recommended!
4	Good food, good location!
4	This is a great quick service Greek restaurant for eating in or taking to go. Good healthy options & quality food. I go here for the chicken or steak kabobs regularly with a side of grilled vegetables. It always tastes good, and makes eating healthy pretty enjoyable. This gets 4 stars out of a possible 4 stars for the type of restaurant they are. I am a regular here, and will continue to be.
4	This place is fun! The food is great! They have vegan menu.The service is awesome!The price is average.
5	Great food, friendly staff, and short wait. I love the fact this is health conscious place of business. The hummus is excellent and the soup was excellent as well.
4	It's healthy, it's easy, it's fast, it's cheap. This is a great lunch spot during the week. The staff is extremely friendly, and they will substitute anything and don't get mad when you want to make 100 modifications (sorry...and thanks). Chicken kabobs and white beans are the best thing on the menu in my opinion. And that pop machine is LEGIT.
5	This place is great! Friendly service, and amazing food for a good price. It was my first time in today and I will be back many more times.They have many different gluten free options on the back of the menu, which helped me out a lot. They also make their hummus fresh. It is a must have!
5	Fabulous, fresh, healthy, inviting, clean and the service is amazing!  Love, love, love this place!
4	Good food. American/Persian/Mediterranean fusion. If you're looking for a healthy lunch, Zoe's is the place. I get the chicken/steak kabob substituting rice or potatoes with the Greek side salad.  It's a great lunch every time. The service is amazing. They forgot a kabob in my take out, and they don't deliver, but they offered to send over extra kabobs just because. I'm a happy lunch regular.
3	Went here for lunch last week. Place is easy to find and actually pretty big on the inside. Staff is nice and I like how they have a outdoor eating area. I've always wanted to try this place and it was alright. I like the soda machine how it is up to date with a lot of options. The menu is pretty small but not too big. I got a salad with fruit and I thought the fruit was on the side, but it was in the salad. Overall I didn't like the salad but ate it since my mom paid for it. I don't eat bread or pasta so there was not a lot of choices for me at all which was disspointing. Probably won't be coming back here.
5	Reasonably priced and fresh ingredients. I got the spinach roll up with side of beans, husband got the steak sandwich, and sister in law got a salad. Everything was delicious!
5	Food is excellent. Much better than Pita Jungle, in my opinion. Fair prices too, for good portions.
3	The chicken kabobs were quite disappointing. The chicken was super dry. However, the sides that came with it was good. We also got the beef kabobs. Those were much much better. The beef was moist and tender. The potatoes were excellent. Also from those two, the hummus and pita was ok. I've had better but it's worth getting. Btw, don't forget the cookie. That's pretty good.
5	This was the second time that I ate at Zoes Kitchen. The first time I had the Protein plate which consisted of grilled chicken on top of some cabbage and onions I think...not for sure, but it was good. Today I had the Steak kabobs and they were amazing. They came with vegetables and potatoes. Each with their own seasoning and cooked to perfection. I will most likely be coming back very soon to get the same dish.
4	I recently had a Take-Out order that was incorrect from this location. Everyone knows how heartbreaking it is to get home after a long day, looking forward to chowing down a Greek Chicken Pita, and being sorely disappointed to find your order is not correct. HOWEVER, when I called Zoe's, rather frustrated, the employee I spoke to (I believe his name was Seth) offered to drop off the correct order off on his way home!I was completely caught off guard. After such an offer I could no longer be upset. The night was saved!
5	they have really fresh tasty food. really great service. I called in a large order to the wrong location, they were able to pull it and recreate it in a few short minutes. again I love their food and great service
5	My boyfriend drove me down to this restaurant on a whim one Sunday afternoon, after I'd mentioned that I was in the mood for some healthy Greek. "Authentic healthy food? Zoe's? NO." I'll admit I was a little hesitant. And kind of a jerk that day lol. I thought Zoe's was some knockoff wanna-be California "health-freak" joints that I'd become too familiar with back home. Fortunately, I was wrong. I ordered the spinach wraps with added chicken and he got the chicken kabobs with a side of greek salad, brown rice, and a bit of pita bread. My wraps were delectable, crispy, and soooo filling. I am also a big fan of Zoe's greek dressing, I believe it's made from scratch and I'd totally buy a bottle if they sold em. Sorry for doubting you, Zoe. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of your menu.
5	Very good! I love the chicken kabobs and I think its called greek chicken pita.  The dressing they have on the table is very good  to add. Good price and atmosphere too!
3	The food was better than my date as usual. At first, the greek chicken pita that arrived looked small and paltry and it was, but the half a pita contained a good deal of chicken breast with some feta, lettuce and tomatoes and it was filling. Their are four or five side dish choices and I picked a very boring discolored rice with no flavor or taste. Tried a spinach rollup also and those were pretty solid and better than the pita actually. They had oil and vinegar shakers on the table and those were sorely needed as the pita had no sauce at all. Pretty average and this location is a pain due to parking and winter visitors roaming wild.
5	My husband and I were on a road trip from the Grand Canyon to Scottsdale, and after a long drive we were tired and hungry.  I actually planned on trying a different restaurant on Yelp, but when we got there it didn't look appetizing, so we walked by Zoes and decided to give them a try.I was initially hesitant because it sort of looked like a Jamba Juice or other chain restaurant (which we normally avoid) but the food looked good and we were really hungry.  We both ordered kabobs I think, my husband had fish, I had vegetable.  There was a wait on the vegetables (they had to roast them or something) and the cashier brought out a hummus on the house while we waited, which I thought was really kind and unexpected, considering it is not an expensive place.Everything was fresh and healthy and we were pleasantly surprised, especially considering it was only about 20$ total for the two of us.  I worked for years in a nice Mediterranean style restaurant, and thought the food was quite good.  Also, compliments to the staff, who were all very helpful and nice.  Perfect place for a quick and casual meal, and also a healthy one!
5	I love the steak roll ups with fresh fruit. Everyone is always so nice and place is always clean.  Wish there was one in the east valley!
5	Seriously delicious!  As someone who is wary of Mediterranean food in general, I felt like I was taking a risk when I decided to come here. Any feelings of apprehension disappeared when I walked in the door.The atmosphere is fresh, clean, and modern.  There are pictures on the wall drawn by children that put you at ease.  The cashier who took our order was so friendly and polite (even gave us free pita and hummus since it was our first time).  The food was brought out in a timely manner.I had the Greek chicken marinara over orzo and it was amazing.  My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.  My friend let me taste his fish of the spinach wraps with chicken and it was fresh tasting and yummy - I'd order that next time, myself.  A bite if my friend's dude quinoa salad was light and crisp tasting as well, I'd get that next time for myself.Excellent good place that puts you at ease and feeds you well.  Can't ask for more!
5	The food is fantastic, the staff is warm and welcoming, and the ambiance is cozy and fun. What a great place for a leisurely brunch/lunch. I highly recommend the spinach wraps with chicken and a side of quinoa. Feeling brave? Then top off your meal with a chocolate chip cookie .... But you've been warned, this cookie is not for the faint at heart! Provecho!!
5	Great meal and service.  Hubby and I split steak kabobs and hummus. Steak was tender and juicy and flavored just right. Potatoes are to die for!  Hummus was smooth and creamy and perfect.
5	The foods amazing here and you wouldn't think this was part of a growing chain of locations. Steak kabobs are delicious and the service is top notch.
2	Food is good, not great. Healthy place to eat but not traditional Greek food. No gyros, basically only chicken and turkey pitas, and the roll-ups are made with tortillas. I was under the impression it was more traditional Greek food. I wouldn't recommend if you want real Greek food. Still a healthy, fast place to eat.
2	The best word I can think of to describe this place is 'meh'. I went here for lunch and I was underwhelmed by the menu. I ended up getting chicken salad with fruit. It was a small scoop of mediocre chicken salad on top of a bed of undressed greens with some grapes and two strawberry slices sprinkled on. When I asked for some dressing they told me there was some on the table. They must have been talking about the oil covered squeeze bottle containing a tasteless vinegarette. Not impressed.
5	Inexpensive and delicious! I love the Greek chicken pita with a Greek salad-so yummy!
4	Zoe's was very inexpensive and yet provided many delicious as well as healthy options for customers. The staff was very nice and courteous. The food was pretty good and the menu consisted of primarily Greek cuisine but also had other options. The ambiance was also very nice and colorful. Zoe's would make an excellent mid-day lunch or dinner option.
3	For a quick spot this is a great option. Portions are generous, flavor is great, and the menu has all the Mediterranean favs. It's not a place I would go out of my way to eat at but if I were out and about running errands, and in need of a good bite to eat I would definitely stop here over almost all other options. It's the chipotle of Mediterranean food. A quick in and out, or easy take out spot. Clean tables, and a friendly staff. The limeade is a must try.
5	Incredible food. Seasoned very well. Fresh. The hummus is wicked good :). The steak kabob entre is off the hook!!  Also the chicken pita is killer with the SLAW!!  You are crazy if you dont eat here once a week or more!   Service was excellent!!  $$ and worth every penny.!!
4	I always come here for lunch and it's fantastic. Great Mediterranean food that is healthy and quick. The service is always great and the food has always been spot on. If you are trying to grab a nice lunch on the go, then eat at Zoe's Kitchen.
5	Great food. I come here all the time and always get steak kabobs. The sauce on the kabobs is very good. Lots of healthy menu choices but you still get good potions for the price. Fast and very clean restaurant.
5	SO DELICIOUS! I suggest the tuna sandwich on sourdough. It was so fresh and flavorful that sometimes I dream about it. This place is very modern and stylish but with a nice twist on Mediterranean food. I can't wait to try more on the menu, this might become my weekly go-to place!
5	Seth and team are super-heroes. If you want to be treated with respect and professionalism, it doesn't get much better than Zoe's on Camelback. Insanely delicious, and healthy food. Love you guys!!! Thanks for being amazing.
3	I usually go to Sauce next door but figured I'd give Zoe's a try.The restaurant has a nice, modern decor but I thought the music was playing a little too loud.I ordered the grilled chicken and slaw pita made as a sandwich.  The seasonings on the chicken were very good but the slaw seemed more like shredded lettuce.  My side of potato salad was ok but nothing super exciting.This seems like a good place to get a healthy meal and I'll come back to try a few more items on the menu.
1	Went here for lunch today at this location for the first time and my husband takes a bite into broken pieces of GLASS in his food!! He ordered the Gruben sandwich and it was in the slaw part. He spit out a chunk of broken glass, dug around on his plate and found more little broken pieces! We told the manager, she apologized then said "Oh I'm sure you're fine." Im glad she was so sure of that! Not much empathy from her. Then said they mix the slaw with their hands so this shouldn't have happened. Uhhh ok?!?! She offered to refund us on the sandwich and not the rest of our food. Us and the other couple we were with did not want to continue eating our obviously so we asked for a refund for all of our food, you would think she would've done that in the first place without us asking. Luckily my husband did not have any cuts or swallow any of it. Not going back! Very very odd response from this manager!
5	Went at 5:20 today. An excellent dining experience. Everything was excellent.Tomato Bisque Soup. Salmon Kabobs with Greek Salad, Hummad and Cucumber Raita. Ended with chocolate cake.
5	Love the salads!! Great selection and portions are enough. Not too small and not too much.
5	What a great  experience we  had  eating  here!  We  were group of  7 people  found it reasonably  priced   The lady serving  us  was  extremely sweet and  served us very well lifting our  spirits,  rarity  these  days.
3	It's nice to have a healthier lunch option for a counter order style restaurant. Zoe's is bright and cheery, food is very Americanized Greek food. The feta is super bland and tomatoes were not fresh but nice greens, hummus and chicken kabobs.
4	Went for lunch two Saturdays ago. Healthy choices at decent prices. No complaints. Ordered two quinoa salads and sodas. After about 10 minutes the cashier came to us and apologized, but they had run out of ingredients to make the seconds salad. Asked if we wanted to place a different order or wanted to wait an extra 10 minutes. My friend and I were catching up so no issue waiting. She came back a few seconds later with a complimentary serving of hummus and pita bread and apologized again. It wasn't a big deal to us, but the gesture was appreciated. When salad came, it was as delicious as always. Great customer service and hospitality make you forget little things that could be annoying if not managed right. The restaurant is large, bright and I like the little pieces of kid created artwork that you can buy for a few bucks to support a good cause (I think its Phx Children's Hospital).
