2	This place has decent food and it's not to terrible on price but it is staffed by idiots who don't know there own menu at all. Make sure to know what you want and give them very specific directions. While I was there I watched them mess up about one third of the orders that came in. Then the line goes slow because one out of three people comes back up to the counter to ask them to fix something.
2	Friendly service, good food. Ridiculously slow. 5 people behind the counter and fewer in line and still almost 15 minutes to microwave a cup of oatmeal and deliver it mostly warm. It's an airport- not everyone has time to stand around and watch incompetence play out.
3	Pretty much not that many options in this wing of the airport, especially at 7am. considering inside an airport the food was OK. took longer then u'd think but wasn't like annoying long or anything, since I'm chill. They gots coffee stuffs, but I don't really play that, as I'm gonna sleep the whole time on the plane.
2	I love Paradise Bakery and Cafes....but not this one. I fly to Phoenix pretty regularly and always fly United to I am in Terminal 2 a lot. Every time I have stopped here, the food has been very typical Paradise Bakery. The problem is that they seem to run out of things a lot and their customer service is horrible.
1	The owners of Paradise Bakery need to take a close look at this one. It's in an airport and it's just inside security. I wanted an iced tea. For a restaurant chain that does this pretty well at their other stores, with brewed tea ready, I thought it was a no-brainer. Yikes, was I wrong?First, to get the one person to ring me up and get a cup was a challenge. It took way longer than it should have. They don't care. Then, when I asked for a lemon for my tea I was informed the lemons are only for salads. HUH? Such crap. Make a customer happy and give her a freaking lemon. Power trip.Then I took a sip of my tea and promptly dropped it in the nearest trash can. I want my $2.50 back.Paradise Bakery owners - get this location straightened out. It gives you a bad name.
