4	What a perfect location for Nu Towne Saloon. Way the hell out on Van Buren and 50th something or other street. Right next to a Honey Bear's. And then. That's it. Seriously. On this creepy, weird, strike up the Deliverance theme song, strip of Van Buren sits a gay honky tonk bar. Where, perhaps, "squeal like a pig" is not so frowned upon. It's basically a large shed plastered with neon beer signs, a few rainbow flags thrown in and, on Sundays, a great mixed, mostly gay crowd, all revved up for the beer bust. Great burgers and dogs, grilled right there on the patio. Friendly bartenders and beer, beer, beer and more beer. Obligatory pool tables and dart boards for those who need a break from cruisin and there's even a dance floor the size of a cocktail napkin for those who dare to make the first move. Nu Towne is my kinda town.
5	My review would be from 1973. Everyone was friendly and welcoming when one entered.I am amazed this place still exists. Don't gay bars die on a regular basis?
4	My first apartment in Phx was at Van Buren and 52nd streets. I'd come from a village of 500+ people and was in awe of city living. There I was, in the fifth largest city in the US, living on the same street made notorious by hookers and drug deals. Oddly enough, it was on the corner that I met my BFF, at the bus stop. But there's quite a bit more to that corner--Nu Towne Saloon. Back in the early 2000s, Daddy Ron ran the place and it was a den of devilish sins. Cheap beer in a smoke-filled environment called out to the horny, the lonely and the drunks. You could bet that I'd be there every Sunday for their beer busts and a few night during the week. I used to hop the fence in the parking lot to my apartment when I was too drunk to walk all the way around. And if I happened to rub up against you inappropriately back in the day, I'm blaming the dim lighting.But now, I live in CenPho and rarely venture to my old stomping grounds. However, my BFF and I went to the swap meet at the greyhound track yesterday and I thought it would be therapeutic to drive by our old places and appreciate how our lives have turned out. This trip down memory lane included a visit to Nu Towne. A lot has changed in the past few years. That dirt overflow parking lot to the west of the bar is apartments now, and there's a street that runs along side of that. Daddy Ron is now at the Eagle (cum Retro Bar). Gone is that dark cavernous bar with the beer-sticky floors. Today, Nu Towne has undergone a metamorphosis into a swanky saloon. Natural light brightens the bar through two new windows. And existing window openings have been reclaimed. The restrooms are also bright and clean. The color scheme is decidedly more serene, the truck is gone, two new pool tables replaced to former ones with mystery stains of unknown origins and are spaced on either end of the bar, and flat-panel TVs add another layer of freshness. Although I'm not one to get excited about such things, they even have Wii events. So, Nu Towne has transformed from that "It'll be our little secret" bar to a "Yeah, and I don't even cringe when I see my dad here" bar. Go. Check it out. If you were here before return to see how much it's changed. If you've never been, give it a go. Don't be concerned if the parking lot isn't full--the neighbors at the apartments walk over there and can be found both inside and out of the patio.
5	Awesome. Was greeted when we came in, the staff & the owner Daddy Ron was very attentive and friendly!
5	Nu towne is the place that my roomies and I absolutely enjoy. The bar is right next to our apartment which is convenient. When we first went in, we didn't know what to expect. So we walk in, and we are the youngest people in the establishment. Right off the back, the owner and all of the bartenders introduce themselves and pretty much cater to us. The people in the saloon are so different and there are no cliques and it's a great place to just hang out and have a drink or 20 :) We continue to go to nu towne at least 1-2 times a week just to stop in and say hi or see if the decorations have changed. We love all the license plates, stickers, and the random decor that makes nu towne so original. Daddy Ron just lives for us as well as all the other bartenders so they will be seeing us as long as Nu towne stays in business :)
5	I love you, NuTowne! The dirt lot. The endless array of amazing kitsch on the walls. The hella cool patio, some amazing legit metal sculpture. the mannequins. The Sunday beer bust, which is probably one of the most vibrant regular day drinking events in the region. The hugs from Daddy Ron.  The theme parties, including a luau and superhero party! The occasional blackout parties too! THIS is the coolest and most interesting gay bar in Phoenix. It's genuine, wacky, always fun. The location is perfect for me, as I'm in the East Valley.. I wish more people would migrate over from Central Phoenix more often to appreciate the awesome that is NuTowne!
4	Any place that plays Sunshine Day by the Brady Bunch is okay in my book. Oh, and being greeted by a big ol' cock as soon as ya walk in a place... even better!
5	Truely one of Americas greatest gay bars!!! Yes it's a bar not a night club. People of all shapes, size, age, and personalities. if you are cool you are welcome.It's a bar so expect to find drinkers, some of them never go home, some go every day, some once a week and some like me that have been enjoying this place for 25 years!Nutown has always been that friendly place to grab an Ice Cold Beer on the Cheap, It's always been the closest bar to ASU Main, It has always been that place with the best holiday decorations, and yes it's a great place to cruise.What is NEW at Nu Towne is a bright new refreshed interior, uniform clad ultra freindly bartenders, and a renewed sence of community pride.It's busy on the weekends especially Sunday afternoons, so if you go on off hours bring your own party or expect to be welcomed into conversation with the regulars and bartenders, shoot some pool, or you might just get cruisedHungry? It's next to Honey Bears BBQ, The bartenders will fix you a corn dog, and on Sundays enjoy excellent grub on the patio. Great food & prepared to order, things like grilled chicken, steaks, burgers and chili. The procedes from The food goes to local charities and groups.If you havnt been ever or in awhile then dont wait!!! drop in and check out whats OLD and whats New at The New Nu towne Saloon.JV
5	Friendly people, friendly bartenders. good atmosphere.  Very easy going.  Not a pretentious place.  Love it when I am in Phoenix.
5	The history, the people, the license plates...I first experienced NuTowne from 1989-1991.  Imagine my surprise on returning to Phoenix in 2011 and finding NuTowne (after a drastic renovation due to a fire) remains!Daddy Ron is still here...and the rest of the staff make sure everyone feels welcome.  Sunday and the beer bust are a legend that continues and I have taken my turn as the Burger Beyotch on several occasions.  It is my chance to take part in a continuing history of the oldest gay bar in Phoenix.If you desire a great Sunday afternoon with a beer and a burger, chicken breast or a hot dog from the grill, NuTowne is the place to go.  No one cares if you are gay or not...just be prepared for someone to grab your a$$ if it is cute.
5	What a refreshing alternative to Charlie's. So tired of Charlie's "Drag Extravaganza" which seems like a common event (wasn't it once a macho Country Western bar?--see my review of Charlie's). Nu Towne is simple bar with a feeling of a warm inviting "Cheers" type place. I mean where on God's green earth does a macho bartender introduce himself when you approach the bar to buy a beer?!!The decor, although dated, is wonderfully nostalgic. The music, one of the best parts, is both old-school (who plays The Beach Boys?!), and new catchy songs. The clientele is a mix of young-ish, middle age, and mature--all friendly, no-attitude, and inviting. Met the nicest duo (friends/biz partners). I can't remember the last time strangers invited me for a drink and were so down-to-earth. Suggestions: close the damn doors. I "get" the inviting look of open doors at places of biz, but it was too cold unless one sat in the middle of the place. I don't get why all bars do this. Otherwise, I'm a huge fan. Goodbye Charlie's; those of us who loathe drag shows will "walk on by" (I'd bet Nu Towne places Dion Warwick every now and then).
1	LOTS of cock sucking, ass eating and cum swapping--in PUBLIC, on the patio during the Sunday Beer Bust. They are extremely lucky they haven't been shut down by the Phoenix/Tempe Police. No wonder everyone absolutely LOVES this place. I didn't. Tacky, distasteful and disgusting. I left shortly after arriving, after witnessing this spectacle. The owners should be ashamed of themselves. I think I have a call to make...
5	This place is the deal great drinks atmosphere so retro you'll think your in 1979 once again. The decor is the mummy's tomb this place is anything but dead. Employees that are old friends from long ago. This will be my favorite bar in Phoenix from now on.
5	Wow why had I never been here before ! The oldest Gay Bar in Phoenix ! Very cool and friendly place . They have unbelievable Christmas decorations you must see this place !
5	Nu Town Saloon- Challenged by Technology.  Web site address takes you to a HAIR REMOVAL site??? Only picture here is of two flaming drinks??? WTF Daddy Ron!  Give me a password, and i'll do some magic here to increase your advertising potential & $$$ to line the pockets of all there.In the 1980's NO COMPUTERS/ NO INTERNET/ no FREEWAYS...Was close to ASU and gateway to Phoenix passing your bar to get to others.  Everyone seemed to drink then, especially on 25 cent beer nights.(LOL)Now we are on the computers hooking-up, as the BARS are not an option for anyone who drinks should NOT think of driving, while drinking.  So most are going to WEB SITES to date, meet, make friends.  If you had a REAL WEB SITE you might get the younger guys in who have the computer CELL Phones attached to there hand. TEXTING & Google-ingWEB SITES.  You have NO WEB SITE.  The ones that  do show Nu Towne Saloon are so lame, and do not appeal or focus to any crowed or  market of people- collage kids, newbies, daddy's like me or older daddies...etc!   Let's wipe off the dust of the 1970's-1980' to 2014- plant a seed in that dirt- and watch that bar again blossom & bloom with laughter and good old' spirits who bring you prosperity in 2015' once more...a place for all to go- and truly everyone knows your name.  I would even give you a computer to hook-up- give password for customers to use, and meet up at your place..not their place.  Of course you need Wi-Fi FREE internet for customers, as well- LET"S DO THIS!
