3	This is the Sonic closest to our place and tends to be our first thought when we need a quick lunch or dinner. Unfortunately the wait can be long, but I've experienced that at other Sonics. The staff is very nice and rarely mixes up our order. (Once I asked for a certain toy and they didn't have it right on hand but offered to go through their sealed boxes of toys for it! Very nice of them.) I always go for a Route 44 Apple Limeade! It's the best stuff ever.
2	This sonic is very close to my house but I rather drive a little further to get a better quality meal.  In years past, I have gotten food poisoning from this place 3 times. Why I kept going back I don't know.  Probably because it's convenient and cheap.  Anyways the only items I get here now are drinks and slushies, which are very good.  I try to stay away from the food however.  It's cheap, poorly made, and tasteless.  The staff, which is mostly made up of teenagers, is also rude and inexperienced.
3	I love the happy hour slushfest. $2.05 for a pair of medium slushes? Yes, please!! This particular Sonic has a drive through as well and they give a ride along dog a good treat too!The food is alright, always made correctly. It's fast food, don't expect anything fancy. But the prices are cheap and when I feel lazy it's my go to place.
1	Worst sonic ever.  Full of idiots. Every time I go here I get the same "sorry for the wait" and they mess up my order every visit.
4	Stop by here every so often for a quick bite to eat. Food is always decent, fair prices, and pretty good service. The only issue I really have is that they can be pretty slow with the orders sometimes. Staff is usually friendly and apologize about the wait, but it happens way to often for my liking.
2	This place has gone downhill since my last review. The service is even slower than before and the food quality is poor at best. Also, most of the card readers at the stalls don't work. Such a shame as this place was right down the street for me.
1	HAIR! Found multiple dark hairs in my fries. Thats just nasty. Service sucks. Seems like the kids working here are are more interested in socializing then taking care of customers. I will not be returning.
