4	The staff here is seems knowledgeable when it comes to recommendations. I wish I could get more back for my trades.
2	Eh...screw this place. Anyone who shops at Gamestop knows they suck, with the way they constantly pester you for subscriptions and (usually) charge ridiculous amounts for used or old games. Overall, the franchise gets 3 stars from me overall, but this one gets less for crappy customer service.I had finally found a certain used game I was looking for, and when I had a chance to sit down and play it, it would not work. They have a seven day return policy, and on the seventh day I was able to show up and address the issue.They didn't have any more copies of the same game (which they would normally switch out--no questions asked), and would not let me exchange it for the same game on another system, even though the 360 version costs LESS. What kind of store won't let you exchange for a cheaper product?In any case, I found myself at an impasse with someone clueless in regard to customer service. I was told to make a stop at their next store a few miles away, but it just wasn't worth it. I don't think I'll be shopping at this location anymore.
4	I've been to this Gamestop 100's of times since it's right now the street from where I live. I also know most of the workers who work there. Katherine (the manager) is very nice and courtesy to all the customers when they come in. All the other guys there Aaron, Cory, Ramon, etc..are great at getting your pre-orders setup and finding what you need in the store. Only problem I ever had was I bought a game and the DVD was scratched to hell. I just couldn't accept it even though I was told it does work. I think Gamestop needs to not except trades where CD/DVD/Blu-Ray is this badly damaged. Whether it works or not. Even if the game boots up, there may be issues with it somewhere in the middle of the game. Other then that, there service and knowledge are very good.
4	My favorite gamestop in Arizona. I am always here and the manager is wonderful. They really don't have any control over the policies as a corporation themselves, but they ease the pain and are willing to help me look for what I want. Very knowledgeable on their product and informative on games for Pre-Order.
