5	I don't get pedicures often, but I treated myself today since I start my new job tomorrow and wanted to look extra nice.  I came here because I wanted to try a new place, and they are close to my home.I think that they've only been open for abour 2 years, but I really enjoyed my experience here.  Most pedicures Ive had in the past usually involve someone trying to sell me a million different services that Im really not interested in getting at that time.  I know its part of the territory, but sometimes I want to go in and relax, and its hard when you have an Asian lady screaming at you about waxing/manicures and how horrific your feet are!  (you need pedicure every 2 week!  Feet are bad!  u like a mani? waxing?)  even worse is when they try to sell u flip flops from Vietnam!  ($12 dolla for nice sandals....u like?)Ugh, fortunately, this was not the case with this salon.  She not only did an amazing job, but didnt try to badger me into a zillion different things.  She also learned me name!  Amazing!I will be back in the future!  O, and they are only open Monday through Saturday, with Sundays by appointment only.
4	The price is GREAT! Mom and I went there for Pedi's and for 2 of us it was $37! The pedi was 45 min, it was clean, and both techs were men (doesn't bother us in the least). They have all the standard colors in OPI. Pretty much it was your basic pedi. Foot soak, trim cuticles, buff, callous removal, foot massage, spa style massage chair, add color to toes and out the door. I have had the color now for almost 2 weeks and only minor chips are visible. All-in-all I am absolutely satisfied. The only down side, and it is a bit sad....but I think they live at the nail salon. If anyone has questions shoot me an email and I will elaborate, just be prepared if you go in there and have to use the bathroom. I don't want to give them less stars for doing what they need to do to survive, but I also don't want readers of this post to be unprepared. I will be going back with my friend when she comes to visit! Her peds usually cost $40+ so she will be very impressed that I found such a reasonable place that does such a good job.
2	I went here today with a friend to get a mani and pedi for only 30$... a really good deal! It was really just an ok experience... the salon is basically in the middle of a bunch of closed store fronts... kind of depressing. The salon isn't very pretty, but that doesn't really matter. I had Ann and she was good, I liked my mani and pedi. It was a little strange because she did the mani while I was still sitting in the pedicure chair... but whatever. I didn't like that we were constantly being sold things, even though this isn't that weird, they tried to sell us designs, waxing, gels, and shellac. We didn't want any of it.... so it was a little weird. My friend's mani and pedi was not as good as mine. The woman who did her nails was a little rough and left some parts of her nails less painted than others, like near her cuticles. So, I think it is kind of like, you get what you pay for.... I don't know if I'd go back, but I have had much better mani and pedis elsewhere. So if you want a cheap, but fine manicure, this is a good place. Otherwise... maybe try somewhere else, like nails 8000 down the street, which is much nicer.Update... the manicure chipped the next day.... can see grow out and the nail polish seems cheap. The top coat is inadequate. It is not even worth the 30$s because it won't last.
4	This place was great. I called about 10 minutes prior to see if I could pop in for a quick wax, Ann said yes. I was stoked to get in without a wait. I got there and saw why it was no problem, there was nobody else there! Anyways, the shop itself is nothing special, but that's what I expected. The woman, I'm assuming Ann, was so nice. She asked questions, but not too many. The wax itself was painless and quick. For $15, I couldn't ask for more.
1	So the day after, I found out why it didn't hurt AT ALL when I was waxed. The hair was ripped off at the skin, not the follicle. The results were just like shaving. Nice the first day, but stubble the second. I still have no complaints about the customer service, but the service itself was a let down. I will NOT be going back here. I'll pay more and go to a salon next time.
5	My sister-in-law and I go together regularly to get our nails done.We have tried MANY salons in the Tempe/Chandler area.  One day wedecided to try Beautiful Nails at the NE corner of Baseline and Dobson.The shopping center is half empty, and I have seen "cheerier" salons.  But,this one is clean.  Tom is a wizard with nails.  Beware - he is not a talker, and not much on personality, but his nails LAST.  I can go four weeks on a fill, and they still look pretty good (in the past, my maximum time before I needed another fill was 2 weeks).  Ann and Nikki both do very good pedicures- you choose the level of pedicure that you want.  Nice massage chairs.  Bottom line:  Nails that LAST!!! (and the prices are unbeatable).
2	Came here today to get a full-set put on. When I sat down, I requested more rounded tips, rather than square. When he went to file them, I reminded him again to please make them slightly rounder. He seemed irritated with me and shook his head like there was something wrong with me. A few moments later, after studying my nails for a minute or two, I was asked "why do you keep looking at them!?" So, I was honest and replied, "Because I think I would like them a little shorter." Again, I recieved a nasty look and a shaking of the head. He mumbled something and continued on with my nails. I was so uncomfortable! Last time I checked, I was the one paying for the service...I've never had an issue before in getting what I ask for. And mind you, I was the only person in the entire salon. I wasn't taking up any other customer's time! Really unfriendly service.I had a pedicure after, which was short but fine. She did a nice job. However, I would not come back to this place again.
5	Me and my family have been coming to Ann for 5+ years. She does a great job.  What more can you day?
