5	Luke is tight.  Blind box toys are tight.  Obnoxious zipper pulls are tight.  Plush toys in the shape of anthropomorphized human organs are tight.  Banksy books are tight.  Limited edition vinyl toys are tight.  Local art is tight.  Toy trading parties are tight.  www.mydeath.net is tight.  Lulutight.
5	Lulubell seems to have a sale on the majority of their stock every time I go to their website. They accidentally sent me only 2 of the 3 toys I had ordered, and Amy had shipped the last one out the next day. Great customer service and prices fa sho. Give them a shot and kick your money over to them. And they hook you up with swag with each purchase. The series 4 Dunny buttons were awesome!
5	Update: 10/22/2008Amy from Lulubell corrected the mistake by sending me 2 additional toys on top of the one I was supposed to receive from my first shipment. You know a store is good when you're hoping they'll make a mistake. Absolutely king-sized. Although they did send me triples. Woe is a blind box.
5	WHOEVER ROBBED LULUBELL SHALL BURNContact them if you have seen these stolen items: http://collect3d.com/news/lulubell-robbed-needed
5	Amy & Luke are Lulubell. Lulubell is Luke & Amy.Each of them does an incredible job at keeping on-top of all the Japanese toy releases (and Stateside, too) and bringing them home to you here in the US. They're involved enough that Luke even currently resides in Japan, to go to all the shows and get their foot in as many toy-makers doors as he possibly can. Catch either of them by phone, e-mail, Facebook, or maybe even in person in their shop or at a show - and they are SUPER friendly & chatty. Not talking about toys? Who cares, they are cool enough to have a chat & keep in touch, rather than just hear you out when you're ready to place an order.Originally, I found out about Lulubell thanks to a toy forum, and ordered a few things from them, and was excited to find such a friendly vendor. Two months later, Amy and my girlfriend had been e-mailing behind my back and sorted out an AMAZING Christmas gift for me, which was a HUGE surprise. Much later, now, I've heard of at least two other girlfriends/wives doing similar to surprise their very own toy nerd - so excellent customer service & people skills!
5	I am not a fan or collector of toys, Japanese toys anime etc... but this plays definitely fills a niche... What I am a huge fan of is the owner and workers of Lulubells-- They are very nice people who care about the arts, students and Tucson and they put up really cool art shows.
5	Lulubell Toy Bodega is the best,  from the staff to the selection! Thank you for putting together such a cool shop! :)
5	There are "The Seven Wonders of the World" and then there are "The Seven Wonders of Tucson" and Lulubell Toy Bodega my friends, is one of those seven wonders. Lulubell Toy Bodega is a bewitching, quaint shop seated on a tiny main road running parallel to downtown. It's closer to a more industrial area so unless you know it's there or you're observant while driving, you can easily pass it without knowing it exists. Here's some help: http://vimeo.com/11603704 They're known for their premium (and difficult to find) toys....And when I say premium, I mean prices ranging from practically nothing to the $200 and upward area. I'm not a collectible toy connoisseur but I don't think it's entirely unreasonable pricing considering the people who collect these toys are probably willing to drop that kind of cash. Personally, I'm a fan of their Blind Box toys, the Munny dolls and of course, the plush Domo dolls. Oh, but that's not all.... Lulubell Toy Bodega is a mecca for local artists. They frequently host shows where artists can display their art on their beautiful white walls. This not only enables artists to show their work to a public audience in a more professional manner but it also brings the community together. In other words, it gets those downtown kids out of the bars and into something more meaningful. The owners are so immersed in their customers that I don't actually know who they are; they blend in with everyone else at the shop! (I'll meet you someday Amy & Luke!)Lulubell Toy Bodega is, without a doubt, one of the best businesses in all of Tucson. It would be extreme to say a visit here is worthy of being on a bucket list, but then again, I'm an extreme type of girl. ;) Happy toy shopping!
5	Wonderful toys, and even better art shows - great place to do your holiday shopping for something unusual and fun!
5	Ok, let's pretend this wasn't the only place in Tucson to buy collectible vinyl toys, wonderful art books, beautiful local art, and some really cool clothing (mainly tees)... Let's also pretend that the staff wasn't extremely friendly, extensively knowledgable on their product and obviously very into the collecting side themselves (I.E. They get excited when I say I want to open my blind box toys in the store to see what I got, and get excited when I get cool stuff, and that's cool to me).Shall we also pretend that it isn't really easy to find, oh, and pretend the store didn't have a really cool, industrial/urban art studio feel to it.... Ok, we all caught up in fantasy land? Well,  that all aside, um... Let's see, the parking isn't that great. Seriously one of my favorite spots in Tucson, even if just to pop in for a second and say hi and see if they have any new swag.Keep up the great work lulubell's!!
