4	Back for more Philosophy. Guys, it's the best gift idea ever for your girls!! I love this place!!  For years I have been watching Pholosophy on TV and in the stores. I finally bit the bullet and went in to Ulta to see what the hype was all about. Im hooked!! No need to find a Sephora, Ulta has it all!
2	Usually the staff isnt so bad.. but lately they have been HORRIBLE!!!! Not helpful. I had rewards to spend.. and no1 was helping me look for anything so i got one thing and just wasted the rest because i felt so awkward and intimated. I dont feel welcomed some of the time... i would say maybe a few of the staff members are good the majority SUCK!!!!... really disappointed.
1	I usually love going into ulta, but today was one of the worst experiences I've ever had! Not only did no one help me what so ever, but I was getting dirty looks from more than one worker. The women who I assume is the manager gave me multiple dirty looks so that I felt so intimidated that I didn't even want to browse through the store. I bought the naked 3 pallet and I was planning on buying more things however as soon as I grabbed the pallet I heard over the intercom "security cameras to section one" from the voice of the manager and after I heard this a man followed me through the store until finally I checked out. Will return to ultra just not this one. Never felt so unwelcome at this store until today!
2	I went in yesterday to have my hair done. I had all over highlights and a color with a haircut my hair is shoulder length. I was blown away at the price...$167 not including tip. I have had my hair done at different place with longer hair and it was always around $100. While the stylist was nice I will not be back.
1	This place is definitely a place you dont want to go to if your looking for a job. I went in for a Wednesday interview she said i will wait sometime for the other manager to setup a second interview because the first one went okay, i waited a few days till monday, called back some chick answered saying they dont talk about employment on the weekends and that its extremely busy? Hello its monday. So i called today (tuesday) and they put me on hold for 20 minutes and some girl answered the phone asking if i needed help i said yes i have been waiting for 20 mins to talk to a manager? No one told the manager that i wanted to talk with them so she immediately transferred me to her , her saying that they will call me when its easier   to them.  And hurried off the phone. These people are so rude when it comes to employment.
4	I prefer Ulta over Sephora because the employees are less snooty. If you sign up with their rewards program they will send you coupons and promotions quite often. Great selection on beauty products including drug stores brands. I've been coming in recently to pick up a few things from this fairly new line called "It Cosmetics". The undereye concealer has the most aaamazing coverage for dark circles. So far I believe it can only be found at Ulta, QVC, and the brand website.
5	I have no idea why this place has so many bad reviews. It is clean, the employees are super helpful, and the manager even helped me get a deal I didn't know was available on something I was purchasing. She was patient while I found my rewards number on my phone and super cool. Plus I love the new fragrance bar. Back off, haters- ULTA rocks!
