4	Whenever I'm home, I ALWAYS go to Angel's Nails. They take very good care of the business, keeping it clean and sanitary. The pedicure chairs are very high quality and give an awesome massage. The pedicures last forever, too. I always get the Shellac (UV - fast drying) manicures. Although there are limited colors, they have your basic nudes, pink, red, purple, black and various shades in between. It takes only 5 minutes longer than a normal manicure with zero drying time, and lasts for WEEKS. When I say weeks, I mean weeks. My manicures are always fantastic and I usually get them done by Jessica. Everyone is super sweet and friendly, too!
5	I tried Angel's for the first time today and was very, very pleased with the service and the work that was done for me.  The salon is located in a very cute space and is quite clean.  While there is a nice selection of colors for regular services, there is a FANTASTIC selection of shellac colors.    As for the actual services, my shellac mani/pedi was done by Kelly.  She was pleasant to talk to and and did a great job.  My pedi did not feel rushed at all and the massage chair was probably the best I have ever experienced.  My shellac mani looks beautiful.  I think I've found my new go-to salon!
5	I am so happy that Angel Nails now has more gel manicure colors. You can now match some of your favorite OPI colors for fingers and toes! Tony gives the best massages, too!
4	Lived near Angel Nails when I first moved to Pittsburgh, and thought they did a great job. Moved to the city - Bloomfield - for about a year and could not find a single place that was as clean, comfortable or did as good of a job as Angel nails. Moved back to the area recently, and am happy to patronize them again. Can usually accommodate walk-ins promptly, and is a nice, clean atmosphere - which I didn't realize was such an anomaly in this city.
2	I've been looking for a new nail place close to my new home. This still isn't it. It was definitely one of the cleaner places I've been to. Also, reviews are correct that they're quick and have a huge selection of polishes. But the quality of my gel manicure was lacking. I've been getting gel for two years and most put it on slowly and precisely to avoid the edges and cuticles. The gentleman who did mine was very hasty and the results showed. Usually I can get close to three weeks out of a gel mani. This didn't even last two weeks. And at one of the higher prices. I will not be back.
1	Just moved to Pittsburgh and needed to find a new nail salon so I came to this place. I have been wearing acrylic nails for the past 15 years. This is by far the WORST full set I have ever gotten. I am in shock as to how this business is still running. First of all, it's a hole in the wall. They rush through everything, and god forbid you point anything out - they will give you a bad attitude and talk negatively about you amongst themselves. The nails are put on crooked, they don't file or buff them down well, and the color application is disgusting and sloppy. My 10 year old sister could have done a better job. I came home to take off the nail polish and try to file and buff them down myself, since they only argued and got upset with me for asking for the degree of service I PAID for. Never again. I am appalled at how anyone gave this hole more than a star.
4	I've been coming to Angel Nails for years. It is very clean, has modern equipment and an extensive polish selection.  They have regular, gel, and vinyl luxe polishes and also do acrylic sets. They also have eyebrow and lip waxing available. I always have an excellent service and my gel manicure lasts for 3 weeks! I've never had peeling or chipping. It can get extremely busy but they are always accommodating.  The price is right, too. The only reason it loses a star for me is because services with Tony can be a little rough. He does a fantastic job polishing but can be harsh during massages and cuticle clipping. I nicely ask him to lighten up but it usually still hurts. Regardless, he does a stellar polish job so I leave satisfied.
1	Very rude and unprofessional nail salon.  Everyone there looks unhappy.  They do not have a sign on their door explaining about there cash only policy regarding gift cards and purchases under 20.00. They do not like to use check cards and rudely told me to go across the street to the bank and get cash out.  I won't be revisiting this nail salon and I will drive out of my way to not go there.
5	By far the best shellac around! Consistently. Angel has the biggest polish selection of any salon and does quality manicures fast - in and out in 30 minutes - and affordable ($30) gel lasts 2 weeks+ and the staff is very friendly.
