1	The bartenders are friendly and the drink selection is creative, such as the Long Island Mr. Iced T.  How cool is that?!But this place is a hellhole for people who really like to dance without getting blind wasted.  There is no designated dance area and the place is fairly large, so you end up with a bunch of people milling about, beers in hand.   I have never seen so many people so slovenly drunk bumping into you or spilling their drink on you.  It's like dancing in a barn with all the animals running loose.   It's probably the gothiest place in town and I really wanted to like it place but all three times I've been I spent more effort trying to control my violent tendencies than having fun dancing.And the DJ is overkill.  Three screens show movies and videos which is fine.  But it gets really annoying with the DJ calling out the names of every band and song. Perhaps he thinks you were too drunk to remember or too young to have lived it.  We all know these songs by heart, it's totally cliche and they're not teaching us anything new.  The DJ just likes being the center of attention which provides an abhorrent atmosphere.  They also completely mash songs together, sometimes running over the best parts of the end or even the middle of a song with the beginning of another.  They do not watch the dance floor which is DJ Lesson #1.  If a good thing is already happening on the dance floor, don't mess it up.  I heard three crashes in a row on the dance floor one night and the entire crowd just stops moving.  It makes it a memorable night.  But not in a good way.PS: Whatever happened to the "no bottles or glassware on the dance floor" rule?  I guess they only enforce that at "classy" establishments.
3	Who doesn't love a good 80's club every now and then? I've been to the Culture Club several times in NYC and have always had a blast there, and expected the same from the Breakfast Club. Pretty much the same format here in Charlotte, with great music cranking and drunken bachelorette's running about, just on a smaller scale and without Boy George checking ID's. I don't know if it was the giant PacMan on the wall made out of red bull cans or the Ferris Bueller Tshirts for sale, but within minutes my hair was in a side pony and I was at the bar ordering a Freak-a-Zoid. The music here was good, and I particularly liked how the movie "The Breakfast Club" (one of my favorites) was actually playing on the projector pointed at the wall. Nice touch! I will say that if you go here, do not make the mistake I made in ordering a mixed drink - they are miniscule! I actually thought that the bartender mis-heard me and poured me a shot instead (see pic). The highlight of the night had to be the guy in the short gym shorts and tank top who hopped up onto the bench during the guitar solo of Sweet Child o' Mine and played the blow-up guitar with all his heart & soul - it was awesome! I wish I could upload the video I took but the pic will have to do for now. The lowlight would have to be the grossness that was the girl dancing around a dirty club with no shoes on - nasty! We all saw it and commented on how unsanitary it was, and toward the end of the night we noticed her whole crew being escorted out, and what at the time looked like juice was spilled all over the floor - turns out she must have stepped on or gotten cut by the broken bottles that had shattered - it was blood, and it was in pools EVERYWHERE. I really hope this girl was okay, because there was so much of it that none of us could believe that it was really blood. We were walking out just as the Medic and the firetrucks were getting there. WHO WALKS AROUND A DIRTY CLUB BAREFOOT??? For what it's worth, the clean up crew came out right away and mopped it up. GROSS. Anyway, overall, it was a good experience and a fun time.
3	So you definitely have to go here with an open mind...because you're going to see some things unlike any other nightlife scene in Charlotte. But once you get into the 80's theme, you'll really enjoy yourself. First of all, the bar is nothing too special, maybe a little dirty, & really dark. It's 3 levels, with bars on each level. I spent most of my time on the dance floor next to the DJ booth, dancing away the night with horrible 80s dance moves. Worried you can't dance? No fear, it's all 80s so if you look foolish you're probably doing it right. They also have several projectors playing different 80s themed music videos, movies & clips. And along with the paraphernalia on the walls & the garb worn by some of the gung ho 80s fans, you'll be drawn into the atmosphere.I really had a good time making a fool of myself on the dance floor trying to come up with the funniest dance moves, & it's not like anyone cares how you look out there because it's truly just a fun atmosphere. While I wouldn't suggest hanging out in the creepy downstairs area, I would suggest getting onto the dance floor & trying out some of those dance moves you've been to scared to try out in public.
1	Granted I haven't been in since my "experience" I really don't have a desire to go back.The night my friend and I decided to give it a whirl.. well, we drove up and the parking lot was full of Cadillacs and Buicks. Should have been a sign but we pulled up in the van and parked. There was a very large, foreboding looking guy hanging out at the front door. Hmmm.. We walked up and he looked at us like, what are these two white girls doing here? We were wondering why until we stepped inside and every african american person in the building (which was all of them), swung around to look at us. It was, seriously, just like the old Westerns where the cowboy walks into the saloon and all of the crooks and criminals look up with daggers in their eyes. We stood there, for a hot second, a guy started hitting on my friend so I pulled on her shirt sleeve and we literally backed out of there.I could feel people staring at the backs of our heads as we left.Hmm.. maybe we were there on the wrong night.**For the record, because I'm sure someone will get offended... I am in no way racist and I would have LOVED to stay and party with everyone. The only reason we left was because we felt entirely, completely unwelcome.
3	It is what it is...I can't imagine how this place stays open, as I can't see how they cultivate a regular following. They do, however, have a good thing going. I just can't see myself going there more than once or twice more than the first visit ever again.I do have plans to bring my middle school BFF to revisit our initial BFF outfits together. We'll have a good time. It's just so rare that you're going out with your middle school BFF...I can't see what other purpose this place serves. These kids these days with their 80s bars!I had a good time the one night I went. The folks in the silly outfits were fun to look at, and the music was truly a blast from the past. I'm not so romantic about the 80s, but it was kind of fun to hear songs I remember hearing as a little girl and totally not understanding. Ahhh, sexual innuendo!So it's worth checking out...you won't find me there, but if you haven't seen this place, it's certainly different.
4	Ah...the 80s.  Sweet dreams are made of this.  Granted, I don't go out to dance clubs much anymore but when I do...it's usually to the Breakfast Club.  I love the hits from when I was in school.  (Although I wish the DJ would play less Prince and Michael Jackson and give some other artists their due.)  Friday and Saturday nights are great nights to dance stupidly (yet enthusiastically) with your friends to 80s music.  Thursday nights used to be New Wave nights, which were fun for the goth and goth-wannabe crowds -- just remember to wear black that night! -- now Thursdays are apparently reserved for Hip Hop nights.  I'm not sure how "80s" hip hop is, but whatever.  The Breakfast Club is perfect for birthday parties, girls nights out, etc....for those of us in our 30s and 40s who don't go out every week like we used to, but still like to let loose once or twice a year.  (And then pay for it the next day.)
5	Simply the most unique night life experience that Charlotte has to offer.If you don't like 80's music, or similarly, don't have any sense of humor or humility, this place isn't for you.  There are dozens of meat market dance clubs available in the Uptown area.  However, if you're looking for a place to get drunk and dance to Micheal Jackson hits, or sip a beer and watch replays from 80's dunk competitions, this place is going to thrill you.  Most important, the vibe here is unlike any dance club I've been to.  You're far more likely to see a Sid Vicious look-alike or a break dancing session form in the middle of the floor than you are to see a shoving match or a fight break out.  80's music has a way of draining the aggression from testosterone pumped drunkards.  And that provides for the most enjoyable dancing experience I've had in Charlotte.Everyone looks ridiculous when they dance to 80's music.  So if you're accustomed (like I am) of looking ridiculous when you dance, you'll love The Breakfast Club.
3	I visited Charlotte and went to the Breakfast club with some locals. I was very impressed with the music, being a child of the 80s myself. That part was great. People watching there was a hoot! I mean, there HAD TO BE a Star Trek convention or a Bill Gates seminar somewhere in the area. I have NEVER seen so many dorks in my life! Maybe the cast of Revenge of the Nerds had a reunion? I'm not sure, but it was super funny! And NONE of them could dance. I laughed my ass off at all of them! I could have sold pocket protectors in the parking lot and made a fortune! As a happily married woman, in no way was I there to meet men, but woe to the girls who are trying to hook up! (Of course, the girls were a bit nerdy, too!) Oh, and the people who were in the least bit trendy and coordinated were gay! So, if NONE of that bothers you, you'll have a blast here!The Breakfast Club's motto ought to be "Where the ugly go to get laid!" LOL! I did have a good time there... Dancing to the 80s music was fun. People watching was fun! I would definitely go back!
4	Between '04 and '08 I lived on and off in Charlotte (long story).  Whenever I was putzing around the Queen city this was one of the few night spots I'd regularly hit.There are plenty of trendy bars or new places opening up, but for a solid night out I prefer to avoid the bullshit and go to a comfortable place.  The Breakfast Club lives and breathes the 80's.  Rubik's cubes hanging from the ceiling, Alf chilling behind the bar and a ton of other nostalgic shtick all over the place.  I spent many a night drinking heavily while feeding quarters into their cocktail table Galaga machine.When I first started going they had a "darker" night on Thursdays where they'd spin Industrial, Darkwave and more gothic type tunes.  I LOVED that night because everyone was there to enjoy the music and the crowd was entertaining to say the least.  Sadly, that's a very small niche and eventually they couldn't keep the night running.Friday's and Saturday's still had the 80's theme, but the crowd was more typical Charlotte which is a good or bad thing depending on your viewpoint.  Thankfully, it was still fun and laid backStefan and Jarret were my favorite bartenders there, always mixing a mean drink and were a great laugh.  The place had a cool relaxed feel to it which is what I look for in a regular late night hangout.  Like the soft sweater you've washed a million times, Breakfast Club is a place that just feels good.  Whenever I'm in CLT I try to swing by.
2	What better way to celebrate a friend turning 30 this weekend than hit up The Breakfast Club right?! Well those were our thoughts exactly so on came the leg warmers and the tacky scrunchies and off we went to experience 1980 once again!The venue was obviously trying to cash in on the Speed Street crowds as it charged us a whopping $10 to park our cars ....and then another $7 (for girls- more for guys) to get in! I can completely understand charging for parking if we weren't entering their bar to spend money- but they obviously weren't out to please customers. So I walked in the door after spending $17 expecting at least maybe a break on the drinks -WRONG. This was definitely not the 80s as they accounted for inflation big time! This was more/as expensive than even some of the trendier clubs in Charlotte (and nothing can be said for quality by the way). I ordered a red bull and (well) vodka - $8!.... We excitedly exclaimed we were celebrating a special Bday night but the bartender did nothing to make it special or exciting and actually gave us really bad service! I have to say my breaking point was  when I attempted to get some water for myself and my friends to which I was rudely told they only had bottled water. I mean seriously?! How irresponsible is that to serve alcoholic drinks and then not have a glass of water available! Around 12:30 I wanted to close out my tab and literally waited (trust me I kept track) twenty minutes. I can understand if for whatever reason it is packed and there is only one bartender - but they had two bartenders and a bar back (who couldn't even bother to acknowledge my presence) and the place was fairly empty! I have worked in the service industry through college and trust  me when I say I can empathize in almost any situation but I had had enough. When the bartender went to another group who had just walked up to the bar instead - (thankfully they pointed out that I had been waiting long before them...even though I know he saw me) ...he was not a good bartender. The ONLY redeeming quality (hence the two-stars) was the music and the theme of the venue itself. Unfortunately that wasn't enough to save them in my eyes, as I will NOT be returning.
4	While in Charlotte, on night two of our stay, we went to the Breakfast Club. I was a little apprehensive about what it would be like based on yelp reviews, but was excited to experience it nonetheless. There was a group of nearly 20 of us, between the ages of OLDER and 21. haha... We didn't have to pay cover, and the staff was amazing awesome to us. The drinks, while a little pricey to Charlotte people's standards, were great for an LA girl's standards ;) I LOVED how they were served in glow in the dark cups (that you could take home if you wanted) and that they were all named after 80's songs. The decor was great, including the neon hand chairs, the hanging rubix cube and the pac man made of red bull cans ;). The dj was pretty awesome, and i especially loved the fact that they played videos. I have to admit that i have definitely not danced that much in a long time. It was totally worth the soreness I woke up with the next day! Another thing I loved was how awesome it was that so many people dressed the part! It was so cool to see an older woman dressed as Jane Fonda, a pair of guys dressed as the guys from Miami Vice, and a Richard Simmons in the mix! I wish we had places as cool as this out here in Los Angeles, where I live!This is another spot I can't wait to get to when I come back to Charlotte next year!
4	Awesome concept, awesome music, awesome vibe, awesome 80's venue!I think this is my favorite new dance spot in Charlotte because it is so laid back and unpretentious, and I don't need to stress about my outfit and put on ghastly uncomfortable heels, and I don't have to worry about invasion of my personal space (i.e. no dudes hanging around my backside, and all the space in the world to practice my defunct Hammer dance and running man). Also so awesome is the fact they have all your favorite music videos on while they play the songs, so in case you don't really know quite how to Push it real good, you can cheat and look. Ya, so they have a cover and parking fee (boo) but then you walk in and you are transported back in the 80s, and you have beer specials at $1, $2 and $3 and friends greeting each other. You have bright lights and posters of your favorite 80's actors, you have a humongo rubik's cube and Fast Times at Ridgemont High playing. The downstairs has sort of open booths where you can just chat and upstairs is the dance floor, with an additional top floor. This is the place to come unwind and let go of your inhibitions because nobody cares - so what if you're too old, too young, too un-stylish, too dolled up, you have everyone from your mother, to the young break dancers to the John Cusack wannabe's to the born again Michael Jackson's at this joint. Just come here and let yourself go and test out those dance moves that you secretly practice in front of the mirror at home. I love the diversity, I love the fact that you can come and dance and not worry about what you look like. Although, if you are really concerned, there's a whole wall of mirrors for you to check yourself out, also useful if you want to perfect that Sprinkler move.  I love it and I will definitely be back. I guarantee, even if you're not an 80's aficionado you will find one song to love. Granted, I don't know how diverse they get with their mix, I've only been once, but it's just done up really well.
3	The Breakfast Club never really holds back.... it is what it is....80s!!! When I experienced the club for the Surat time a couple of years ago... it was great but I didn't think I would be back. You pretty much get your fill whenever you go but I've always had a good time when I do go. I make sure to space out my visitation so I don't get too sick of everything 80s. Drinks are a little funny... creative really... maybe a bit over priced. Maybe they should charge drinks for as much as they did back in the 80s. I guess that's probably not a good business plan though.Can't really go wrong if you are looking for nostalgic moments and dancing.
4	I had a ball here over the weekend! It was CIAA weekend so it was packed! They had a live gogo band playing (i believe it was backyard) and they played all my favorite songs! all of DC was in the building, I felt right at home. My only complaint is I felt like an old head cuz of all the babies in there and the drink prices were stupid but they weren't stingy with the liquor. the club has a nice layout though, upstairs being more chill than downstairs because that's where the dance floor is. Speaking of the dance floor there was no space, lol. Overall I had a good time and I'll probably go back.
4	Yep. I'm that girl in the neon fishnets that knows every word to St. Elmo's Fire. The movie AND the song. This place has everything for a child of the 80's like myself could want. Ironically named cocktails. Novelty furniture. Framed albums on the wall that I use as my iTunes shopping list. And a grown man dressed like Billy Idol. (BTW, isn't it so fun to see him out and about Charlotte? I run into him every now and then at Snug Harbor and it's a trip.)This is my group's standby go-to place for celebrating birthdays or showing it off to friends in town, but you may find us there on an average Saturday as well. And several if not all of us will be in costume. I have been known to specifically save articles of clothing because I might need to wear it to the Breakfast Club one day. If you don't at least put on neon Wayfarers or checkerboard shoelaces or SOMETHING when you go, I daresay you have no fun at life. Live a little.So why oh why does it only get 4 stars? Well if I could give it 4.5 I would. It's ALMOST there. The cover is a little bit high, in my opinion. And while I love the videos on the wall, they do tend to get repetitive. Lord knows we all love and miss Chris Farley but there's only so many times a night you can watch his Chippendale's audition.Still one of my faves though. Now, where did I put my blue eyeshadow?
3	While visiting friends in NC, we made plans to go dancing at this club. The club itself is kind of cool...a giant Rubik's cube hanging from the ceiling, neat hand chairs to sit in, and 80's movie posters everywhere. It has 3 levels, and you can really only sit and talk on the first level. The drinks were $8 for a tiny cup, so I didn't get anything, but my friends said they were good. They play only music from the 80's, which includes a lot of good stuff AND a lot of bad stuff. Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown just doesn't do it for me, but they did play good stuff too, like Duran Duran, New Order, the Cure, and Depeche Mode. My only gripe with this place is the parking. When we drove in, there was a sign that parking was $5, but my friend said parking was free, and the $5 was only for special events. So we didn't pay anything. When we come out, everyone had a parking ticket on their windshield! And it was for $25! My friend went to complain at the door, and they said to email the contact on the ticket and appeal it and you don't have to pay. What a pain. But the dancing was fun!
4	As a native New Orleanian, Im not a stranger to a good time on the dance floor and this place made me feel at home. ;) I liked the permanent 80's theme-some places only have an "80's night"   Lots of room on the dance floor even though it still got a little HOT.  cool decor/videos playing too.
5	You better know what you're getting into, which is totally awesome 80s and cheap ass drinks away from the frattiness of uptown. Don't be scared, it's a blast.
4	I vacillated between 3 and 4 stars for the Breakfast Club...but, ultimately, is you're having a) bachelorette bar crawl, b) an '80s night of any kind or c) it's super late and you're jonesin' for some Michael Jackson tunes...Breakfast Club nicely fills the void. I don't go clubbing. I really don't. Because my alcohol tolerance is (now) that of a 65 year old, sometimes it's just better that I have a drink or two and get home by midnight. Therefore, I'm not going to compare Breakfast Club to any other club in CLT. Plus, it would be unfair. The pros: Fantastic '80s music and videos. Plenty of space to dance. The venue is incredibly unique, kitsch-ly decorated and BIG. A really great place to bring a bunch of guys or girls and celebrate a fun decade. The cons: Some other guests can be overly drunk and, therefore, douchy. Drinks are expensive for what they are. I recall paying $8 for the tiniest of tiny rail vodka soda. The cover can be high. If you're bopping around the Charlotte club scene, bar scene or you're just looking to try something different, Breakfast Club is a must visit...even if just once per year!
4	I love this Dump!  Okay, so I am little biased because I am a breakdancer and finally got to meet a bunch of dancers for once. They all actually embraced me as soon as I started to boogie which was cool.  Its a great scene.  The mix in the crowd is from 21-50 which makes it a good time to mess with the cougars.  The mixed drinks are strong, but a little pricey.  Domestic beer is usually like $3. THe reason you come here though is for the 80's music, looking at people dressed in neon, and watching some old school pop and lock.  The video screens show classic 80's shots and commercials which brings me back. The only problem is that this place is semi dumpy.  Im glad its dark because I don't want to see what it looks like with all the lights on.  Also, the bathrooms could use some erggh cleaning!
4	This is a CIAA review of The Breakfast Club, not from Charlotte so I can't speak on a regular night.On the outside the place looks pretty crappy, a smallish white building, nothing fancy at all.  But the inside is surprising big, three levels, well two and a half, there is a first floor, second floor and a third floor that looks down on the second floor but not a legit third floor.I can say the theme is kind of corny but I like it because it's totally 80's or should I say 80's movies.  Giant pictures of the characters from The Breakfast Club the movie, a super-sized Rubik Cube, Pacman eating little ghost and a big project screen that had a random loop of the movie Breakin and Breakin II: Electric Boogaloo. I love the decor in this place.The DJ was fire! But once again I don't think he was the regular DJ there but I give the Breakfast Club full credit for bringing him in.Every time I've been to The Breakfast Club I've had a blast and the last time is no exception. If you're ever in town for CIAA, come out, hell if you're in town in general, go on out and have a good time.
3	Best and worst bar in Charlotte, NC
2	I like going out but this place makes it hard to really want to come back.  Nothing in particular about the music or service or drinks.  It's just a worn out place.  I will say that the people watching in here is insane.  I do like the decor on the first floor, seems like a cool hangout and if I ever went back I'd probably just stay down there to soak it all in.  Upstairs is the dance floor and additional bar.  The floor was so sticky I don't see how anyone was really dancing.  I seriously thought I might be able to scale small buildings after being in there on that floor.PS. They don't even really serve breakfast.  They should think about it, then I might come back :)
4	Im an 80S junkie so this place was AWESOME! The decor shoots you back to the 80s with the music playing and music videos on the tv's its great. Got there around 10 and it was pretty dead but my husband and I still enjoyed conversation and drinks at the bar. It did get a bit busier as the night went on but by no means was it crowded. The different levels are fun and the bathrooms were clean and accessible. I will definitely be coming back here when I am in town again.
1	Rude staff, run down interior, not the safest place in town.
