4	Every time I walk in there are about 4 different people asking if I need help. Great store
2	My wireless router died last night, so I needed a new one. Went to the Staples on Green Valley because it's located the closest to my house. I walk through the door and say "good morning" to the two 20-something employees glued to their phones busily texting (probably texting each other). Not even a peep out of either one of them.....never took their eyes away from their phones. Well, I'm used to those idorks behaving like that, so I just keep walking.    I go over to the computer section believing that is where the routers should be. Nothing.  I start aimlessly wondering around the store in a futile attempt to find what I'm looking for.  Again, nothing.  I actually considered trying to talk to the text twins, but decided against it.    As I start walking towards the front door.....lo and behold, what do I see? Behind the so-called "tech desk", I see routers!  Unfortunately, there are only three of them, and two of them are the same model. None of them are the model I had in mind.  Why didn't I ask the employee behind the desk are those were all they had in stock?  He was on his cell phone!!!  I left that place with a promise to myself never to go there again.  I ultimately went to the Staples on Lake Mead. I've been to that one before with good results. Good news! That one had the router I wanted and now I'm writing this review! Isn't technology great???
1	This review is about the store's hours. I've been trying to buy ink pad ink and every time I'm near this Staples, it is outside of their ridiculous store hours. Apparently they open at noon on Sundays, close at 7 (!) on weekdays, it's kind of stupid. As I'm writing this, I'm thinking: I've got an Amazon prime account... I'm going to buy my ink pad ink for cheaper and more conveniently from Amazon. Thanks Staples for saving me time and money!
5	The Copy & Print Center here is the best I've ever experienced!  Some of the best customer service I've had anywhere in Henderson.  Competitive pricing, fast service and accurate printing.  Awesome!
4	I just scored a Dell laser printer for $30 in a pre-black friday sale, so I really don't have any complaints. They were out online and it was a 20 min wait for customer support chat, but the nice lady checked stock at nearby stores and found 4 in stock at the Green Valley location. I couldn't find it on the floor, but the employees were really friendly and helpful. Their inventory only showed 1 left in the back, so I'd call ahead even if online search shows that the store has it in stock. I can't say how knowledgeable anyone is, since I walked in the door knowing exactly what I wanted. I thought they were great from a basic customer service stand point. And I like Staples in general, having dealt with them for my current and past companies. But we also spend over a million/year on office supplies, so they have a little more motivation to play nice. Pricing is generally pretty high, but that's just how it is with office supplies. However they do have some great deals including online coupons and rebates - I've gotten free reams of paper with rebate coupons off their website.
2	I've been in many Staples stores over the years.  It's obvious when you need something for the office, you are more than likely to find it here.  This location is located by Target and Sprouts.  There is plenty of parking in this shopping area.  The store has been very clean on my visits here.   The shelves may look very organized but on several occasions, items were shelved wrongly above different price tags.  Even when I was looking for the correct price, there wasn't a tag on the shelf corresponding to what I was holding.  Somewhat frustrating. There weren't any employees who came over to help us even though eye contact was made. Even a little more frustrating for me.I had recently stopped into Target before going in to Staples to compare pricing.   Target actually was $20 cheaper on the same item.  That made my decision easy. I'm not opposed to stopping in here but I'll make sure to do the homework before I purchase anything.
1	I should have believed the terrible reviews I read before coming here but I still had an online order shipped here.  They called and let me know my item was here and it was no where to be found when I got there.  The male employee wasn't incredibly helpful but he did put his phone down long enough to awkwardly try.  The woman was nice and looked a few times and got my information to call the next day.  I should have believed the reviews and ordered from Amazon.  Stay away!!
