5	Usually in Champaign, you hear nothing but negative things about on campus apartment groups.  When I started looking for a place 2 years ago, I only looked between Roland and Bankier because they both have good reputations, but I have friends who complained about Bankier sometimes.I could not have been happier leasing from Roland Realty.  They have a lot of tenants, but the people in the office (somehow) still know you by name.  As opposed to a lot of on campus apartment groups, they don't treat you like jackass college kids, and as long as you are respectful towards them and their property, they return that.  I stayed in the same apartment over 2 years, and I do not have a negative thought about management or maintenance.  It's never taken more than 24 hours for a maintenance request to get taken care of, and they have no qualms replacing the appliances if needed.  My dishwasher wasn't working well, and they tried to fix it once, and when it still was working (just not optimally) they installed a brand new one.Sometimes the receptionists don't come off as the brightest bulbs in the box, but overall everyone who works there is on the ball, knowledgeable, and very nice.  I cannot recommend them any higher, they're wonderful to work with and lease from.
4	Not the best realty company on campus but they are definitely far better than most -especially considering how large they are. I did have bugs in my apartment but it was just ants, and they did the best they could to get rid of them. I was a bit messy in college so I don't really know if it was entirely their fault.  They took care of any other problems I had and the place was pretty clean. I rented through Hunsinger and liked them better but I wouldn't not rent through Roland again.
4	I lived at 702/704 W Elm St in Urbana for a year.  I have no complaints about the management.  Maintenance requests were always handled quickly, and because my apartment was not the "show apartment," I didn't have to worry about having tons of people in and out of my apartment throughout leasing season.  I do, however, understand that it is nice to see the exact apartment you'll be living in.  They were fair with returning the security deposit.  My roommate and I had been overcharged for "missing furniture," which had been removed by Roland earlier in the year, but there was no trouble getting that money back.Your choices are very limited if you want to live in Urbana, and my apartment itself was hit and miss.  I loved the large bedrooms, and because it's a little further from campus, my rent was fairly low.  Elm St is really pretty, especially in the fall, and the area was usually very quiet.  However, the building only had a window AC unit, which was miserable over the summer.  I moved my bed to the living room, right in front of the AC, and still could barely sleep at night.  I didn't mind not having a dishwasher, but a garbage disposal would have been nice.  There were only two washers and dryers for the building, and it wasn't rare for one set to not be working, so doing laundry was a pain.  It was relatively cheap, however.Despite my issues with the building, I almost stayed for a second year.  I would definitely recommend living with Roland.
1	Lofts 54 Terrible!Terrible Customer Service. Rob you blind at every turn. Immature and unprofessional staff. Roland is worse than almost all the other leasing companies that I've dealt with including JSM and even CPM. Yes, that's right even worse that CPM. Lived at Lofts 54 for a year. I signed with this company because I heard they have a better reputation for honesty and quality than others in Champaign. NOT AT ALL from my experience. 1) I lost my keys to my apartment. Roland Realty found out, and told me I have to change my locks within 24 hours and pay for new locks and new keys. I asked them if I could have at least a couple of days to look for them. They said NO because it's not fair for my roommates safety. I asked my roommates, and they said they did not care and would sign any document waiving their rights in the extremely unlikely case that someone would find my keys, guess exactly the right room it matches and breaks in. I asked if I could get a signed document from my roommmates and just a couple more days to look for my keys. They refused, and charged me $155 dollars! Keys costs less than $10, and the cheap locks they use probably cost $20-30 tops.2) After I moved out, I found my keys, including a key fob to the building that is just a general electronic fob to the building. For some reason they charged me for the key fob after I moved out. When I called them to return the fob and get my money back, they said they aren't going to refund my money. When I asked why, they said because my lease is over and they have no legal reason to, so they aren't going to. What a bunch of dicks!
5	We have had a very positive experience with Roland; more specifically with Kurt. We needed some special attention to our lease situation and Kurt was extremely fair and helpful. In fact, we will be renting from them next year.
5	I live in one of Roland's smaller buildings in Champaign. They are the best landlord I've ever had. They respond very quickly to maintenance requests, and if the guy couldn't fix the problem, boom, new appliance. You can pay the rent online and submit work orders online. The office guys are very nice and helpful. I would rent from them again in a heartbeat.
