3	I ran and I ran and I ran...but still I couldn't escape:)Oh well, at least I worked up a nice sweat after my meeting with the legal eagles this morning:)After 6 miles of detoxing, the first thing I like to do (after a shower of course:) is go for a walk:-)I know, but when you get to be my age, you're so damn pleased that your body still works at all, that you use it every chance you get...it could be the last time that particular part works...you never know:-)Seriously...That's what I did...I went for a walk through Old Town in search of a light retoxing:)And I found my retox in an unlikely spot...that little alleyway off Main St., in Old Town!You know...the one where the homeless guys would park their bikes and sleep late on Sunday...the one with the temporary chain-link fence to keep said late sleepers out...the one that looked like an over sized trash barrel:)Well, the alley isn't for those sleepy heads any longer:-)It's called "The Frontier Shops"...I'll think of something humorous to say about that later:)The whole place has been cleaned up, remodeled and a slew (you heard me...slew!) of new business have opened or are opening up in there...and not just native american art and tee shirts, either:)New businesses (small businesses) are the backbone of America and it is nice to see some things opening up again:)The Cider Mill is a nice little addition to the noon time restaurant selection in Old Town...not too pricey, decent food, clean and bright:)Nice people running it, too!I was headed for David's to get a burger, walked by and looked down the alley at all the hustle and bustle and decided "I'd better see what this is all about"...those exact words!They had a sign out front advertising "Coney Island Special":-)If you know anything about me at all, you know they had me at "Coney":)Pretty good Coney Island, too... a big 1/4 lb. all beef dog, plenty of sauce, potato chips and a refreshing beverage, all for under $8.00 (US money) and enjoyed at the communal table in the middle of the restaurant:-)The decor is nice, the service is a still a little uneven (but consider they've only been open 2 1/2 weeks...the place still smells like wood stain for pete's sake:) and the menu is just right for the lunch crowd (big Ruben sandwich or a big Chef salad for $6.95...it's a pretty good deal:)I think they will get better with a little time, 3 1/2 stars for now (and I don't round up, so 3 stars out of the gate is no knock on them:)Finally, after lunch, I browsed for bit and came out of there with a little jar of Queen Creek Olive tapenade and a jar of Sanders Hot Fudge (these people are from Detroit and you Detroiter's will know what a treat Sander's is:)Swing by and support the new business going into this part of Scottsdale:)It's a patriotic, tasty and inexpensive way to "Hooray" for small business in America:-)
5	Uhmm... This place is AMAZING! Try the rueben, You won't eat anywhere else for lunch!
4	I went here on a recommendation and it was really good. I had "Kim's Chicken Caesar Sandwich and that was a bit small for me. Another day I ordered a "Build your own" Sandwich and that was a good size. I ordered a hot turkey sandwich which was pretty tasty! It's a really cute place and the people are nice. Everyone seems happy and says hello which is always a nice feel.Update: I had the chicken sandwich again and it was a normal good size and tasted great!
4	I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  I really liked the food here.  I ordered the Build Your Own Sandwich today with a Groupon coupon.  FRESH, FRESH, FRESH.  Great portion, free chips, clean restaurant, friendly service.There were 4 women working and I can tell you that if they keep it up, they're going to need some help to get the sandwiches out quickly.  They deliver too - and I'm sure it's with a smile.I highly recommend for a quick, healthy, homemade lunch.  Prices are reasonable too!**The restaurant is set off of Main - right across from the Rusty Spur - Look for their "A-Frame" sign on the sidewalk.  You won't miss it.
5	This place has one of the best sandwiches I've had in Arizona and just made the top 3 for my lunch list.  Their pasta salad was excellent and so were their cookies.  Next time I go here I would consider getting only two pasta salads and four cookies for my meal.  The chicken ceasar sandwich was served warm on a cibatta roll and the chicken was tender.  This location is difficult to find as it is setback from Main St., but if you look hard enough you'll find it.  One other positive attirubute for the Cider Mill is they have a monthly contest where you can submit a sandwich that isn't currently on their menu and they will review the submissions each month and select one to be the sandwich of the month.  You get to name the sandwich also.  At the end of each year, they will pick one of the 12 monthly sandwiches to be a full time menu item.
4	Nice sandwich shop tucked a group of shops just off of Main.  My wife and I both ordered sandwiches.  (Traditional Ruben for me & a French dip on flat bread for my wife).   The sides are made there - fresh.  I had the pasta salad and my wife the egg salad.  We where both happy with our order, easily hands down a very good sandwich shop!  The shop is family owned and the service was friendly.  They also have a side shop selling pasta, sauces, etc.
4	Nice spot, with a friendly staff.  The sandwiches were very good, and the ingredients all tasted very fresh.  The lady at the counter convinced me to try the cookies, and I was not disappointed.  Oh, and of course, try the cider, it's no joke. Mmmm.
3	Growing up in Michigan, Cider Mills bring back so many fond memories... nothing compares to picking your own apples at an orchard and then grabbing cider and donuts and enjoying in the fresh, crisp, Michigan air.  So as soon as I saw the name of this place, i was sold.  I bookmarked it but with all of the traveling I've been doing lately, I didn't get a chance to visit until just last week.I chose The Cider Mill Gourmet Market & Sandwich Shop as the destination for a casual lunch meeting.  There were three of us there.  Upon entering, I really liked the feel of the place.  It's hiding a bit but find the Rusty Spur and go directly across the street... while it's a new building, it's got charm.  It's clean and bright as well.  The ladies working were busy with a large order when we went up to the counter to order so they told us it may be about fifteen or twenty minutes.  I waited long enough to try this place, I wasn't going to let another fifteen or twenty minutes stop me, so we waited.  I'm hoping they were short staffed that day or that they plan on hiring more help during lunch because the shop was not crowded.Anyhoo, I went with the "Build Your Own Sandwich" (turkey, lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard on wheat)... I was actually pretty disappointed they didn't have avocado or multi-grain bread. (Their website shows a picture of big fat delicious looking multi-grain bread too.)  The others in my meeting went with the Tomato Mozz Sandwich, which they said was decent but nothing special.  We were all fans of the Pop Chips that came with our sandwiches though.Perhaps my expectations were high because of the name?  And call me out if I'm wrong, but I didn't even see 'cider' as a beverage choice on the menu!  This place was "A-OK" but probably will not be a regular on my rotating favorite lunch places in Old Town... go check it out if you're looking for a decent sandwich at a moderate price - just don't go with high expectations like i did!
4	Thank goodness for Groupon, because if not for their daily offers in my inbox, I would not have heard about The Cider Mill, a little gourmet "deli" and market tucked in along Main Street in Old Town Scottsdale.On a day that I had a need for lunch and the time to head over to Old Town, I made plans to use my $10 Groupon. I had already looked at The Cider Mill's website and made my initial choices since I'm vegetarian and I wanted to be sure they had options for me. Not only did they have Sue's Tomato Mozz sandwich as a regular, they were also offering a daily special of three-cheese grilled cheese. I was a happy vegetarian!I ordered the aforementioned mozzarella sandwich, a cup of tomato basil soup, and a drink. The sandwich was offered with chips, which I could change to a pasta, potato, or cottage cheese side. I opted for the latter. I got my soup pretty quickly, which I ate while the sandwich was made. It was delicious! Then came the sandwich, freshly made and off the grill. The ciabatta bread was delicious, and the flavors melded perfectly. My cottage cheese was also amazing, spiked with radish, green onion, and cucumbers. I'm not a huge fan of cottage cheese, but this concoction was fantastic!Although I didn't take advantage of them on this visit, The Cider Mill also hosts daily "delights," including cookies and individual strawberry pies. Perhaps next time.Not only was the food wonderful, the service here was impeccable. I was warmly welcomed when I opened the door, and I had a nice conversation with a couple of the employees. Although most Phoenicians don't head into Old Town on a regular basis, if you're in the area for lunch, make a stop at The Cider Mill. Your tastebuds will thank you.
3	I have have given it 3 stars, but my partner gave it 4, just keep that in mind.I had wanted to check this place out from the first time I saw it, and when it came up on Groupon, it was fate. My partner is a sandwich lover, so it was perfect.Firstly, they didn't have a lot of vegetarian options, which I found disppointing. I'm so sick of my only sandwich choices being either tomato/basil/mozz or lettuce/tomato/cheese...and that's pretty much what they had here. I went with the caprese option.Warning; when they say fire roasted tomatoes, they mean WHOLE tomatoes on bread. Now, I'm ok with a few tomato slices here or there, but giant squishy tomatoes looming over a few spare pieces of (fresh) basil and (fresh) mozzerella? So not appetizing. I ate what I could, but was not impressed.My partner, however, made her own sandwich with Turkey, cheese, and some veggies, and she loved it. I agree that the bread was good, and I enjoyed the popcorn chips (rather than potato). The staff was incredibly nice, although the service was a bit slow, and the seating options were a bit odd (and not very accessible for those with disabilities).I wouldn't PLAN on coming here, but if we were in the neighborhood, I'd stop by.
1	We've been going to Cider Mill since they opened and have given them a ton of business.  Their food is great.  Had an awful experience today.  We went to order our food and the people who work there know us and that we're very good customers... they told us it would be in excess of 1/2 hour to get our sandwiches.  People, you better staff up if you want to stay in business and keep your customers coming back.  30+ minutes is way too long for people on lunch break (that is in addition to commuting, ordering, and eating).  We ended up leaving and going to Orange Table (a sandwich shop on the Scottsdale Mall area).  Incredible sandwiches.  Because of the experience we had at Cider Mill today, i'll likely go to Orange Table instead which is a 2 minute walk from Cider Mill.  Get your act together Cider Mill.
5	I hesitate to post this becuase I don't want this to get too busy, but that would be hypocritical of me because I found out about it on Yelp. I did the build your own sandwich deal and it was amazing.  I will definitely be back.  I didn't get a drink and upgraded to their cottage cheese with a total tab of $8.50.  Very, very good stuff...
3	I like it.  I don't love it.  It needs work but shows promise as a premiere Old-Town lunch spot.  This location is worth fighting for and good for them for occupying it.  It has that nestled in/hidden feeling that adds an adventurous ambience to what could have been just a standard lunch spot if put anywhere else.  The simply fresh menu mixed with the idea of fresh AZ cider about to hit your palette speaks to the soul.  Throw in their soon to be up and running soda bar and ice cream sundaes and you have a staple in Old-Town Scottsdale.  Tried:   -Cider Mill Dip:  fresh classic take on a French Dip with homemade pasta salad.  -Hot Apple Cider:  once this steamy treat cooled down, it was worth it.  -Chili with Noodles, Cheese, Onion & Beans:  I was told this is referred to as    "Cincinnati style."  Chili...on noodles?  It was good stuff andeven a bit sweet to the taste.  Saw:    -Chop Salad (no lettuce):   Looked good but not my cup of tea.  Everything was good....not great.  The service felt like it was their first day of business.  So basically, there was no service or mood or energy in the place but as soon as they figure that out (and they will) this place will be good to go.
4	I ordered a egg salad sandwich from here and I would not recommend it. It only had egg and mayo and the egg was so smashed. Sorry but I have had a really good egg sandwich and this one was pretty bad. :(
5	Great fresh soups and sandwiches.  Don't forget to have a hand crafted root beer, cream soda, or sparkling cider.
3	I'm pretty sure it's safe to say I had the best sandwich ever at this place. I had the Reuben and man was it good! My boyfriend and I were visiting AZ for Spring Training and he found this little gem on Yelp and we decided to stop in for lunch. I can't describe how delicious my sandwich was. My boyfriend seemed a little underwhelmed by his choice of the grilled cheese and tomato soup special, but he agreed with my opinion on the Reuben. The bread was perfectly toasted and the cheese was just the right amount, not too much, not too little. I love that they brew their own drinks here too. I had root beer and my boyfriend had apple cider. The apple cider tasted super fresh and the root beer was super bubbly and kind of heavy for me (I don't drink sodas very much) but it tasted yummy. It was kind of pricey, but then again, it's a specialty shop in a touristy area so its to be expected. The food is cooked to order so really, no complaints about the price.
4	Hidden in old town. Awesome, family owned vibe. Great soda, obviously!!!! Food comes out really slowly. Don't expect to get in and out here. Not open at night... this is a lunch only venue
4	Packed back behind other shops in Old Town Scottsdale, this is a place easily missed but should never be neglected.  The sandwiches offered are both traditional and out of the ordinary.  With a kitchen taking up half the real estate, expect to get friendly with other customers as seating is at a premium in this place.  The Reuben is a must for the first-timer, spot-on and delicious with every bite, best enjoyed with a locally brewed on-tap root beer.  I personally recommend the brie-and-pickle with sliced turkey, quite possibly the most delicous sandwich I've ever had from a deli-style restaurant, and equally enjoyed with a frosty on-tap cream soda.Samples of both the root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda and apple cider are available and all very good.  I wasn't as much a fan of the cide as the rest of the choices, it tasted like a slightly fizzy Martinelli's apple juice.  They also offer all the choices in float form and with exotic syrups such as prickly pear.A great place to visit in the neighborhood to get a taste of revisiting childhood and a past era.
5	Great ambience, friendly staff. Cincy style chili and homemade rootbeer floats.
4	Freshly brewed sodas!  They have a special "butterbeer" which is butterscotch soda if you are a Harry Potter nerd, and a seasonal pumpkin pie float which is rich, creamy, cinnamon-spiced, and delicious.  When you are seated, you can sample some of their sodas before placing your order.  Our sampler consisted of the root beer, vanilla, orange, and apple cider.  The apple cider was the best out of the samples- not too sweet, not too tart, just the right amount of carbonation.  The orange soda was mild, and was a bit like carbonated orange marmelade since I could taste a bit of orange peel in the flavor.  The vanilla was, well, vanilla, and the root beer was pretty mild tasting, not a lot of "bite".  I had the butterbeer, which was delicious.  It is more "butter" tasting rather than typical "butterscotch" flavor, which made it pretty unique.  They also have sandwiches, and Cincinnati style chili.  The sandwiches are very good.  I tried the veggie sandwich which was filled with nicely roasted and marinated vegetables on fresh toasted bread.  The chili met the requirements of Cincinnati style chili: noodles, thick, sauce-like chili with a hint of cinnamon, and various toppings like cheese, onions, beans.  It isn't quite as tasty as say, Skyline Chili, but it will do since we live in Arizona.Service was good despite having a large lunch crowd to contend with.  The restaurant itself is very cute, designed with a "homestyle" feel in mind.  Definitely a place to try, especially for their sodas and apple cider!
5	So I went in here and saw that they have Mac n Cheese. What I got was better than I could have ever hoped for. It's homemade Mac N Cheese, the noodles were cooked perfect and the mixture of the cheeses( I believe 3 of them) went perfect together. I am embarrassed to say but I not only for seconds, I went for thirds! And they are very big portions too, I just couldn't get enough. The tomato mozzarella sandwich is awesome as well. The staff is super nice, don't pass this place up.
4	I cant believe it took me along to give Cidermill a review. I order lunch delivery from Cider Mill at least once a week. I have tried many things on the menu and never felt dissappointed. The quaility of the food is so fresh and well thought out. I highly recommend the Nay's Milly Philly  Or Tom's Tuna with the bread toasted
5	Creative food options. The flatbread pizza was loaded with toppings and can easily feed two people. They make their own sodas in two big tanks - lots of flavors. Highly recommend the vanilla cream. Friendly, down-home service.Saw many folks coming in to pick up "take out" as well. Seems they do a great deal of this.
4	I never heard of this place until the parada del sol. A friend and I ate there. She had the mozz sandwich, which she loved, and I had the tuna fish salad, which I thought was great too. I also had a root beer float, Yum!I thought the service was good - timely & friendly. Would defiantly go back.
5	This may well be the best roast beef sandwich I've ever had. The meat was really good and was prepared very well, and the bread was incredible. I had some of their own brew root beer and really liked it. Very rich flavor and full-bodied.  The place is pretty small, and not much room to sit and eat. The staff felt like they were all family and it was very cordial - I felt like they were glad I was there.
5	I love The Cider Mill! Where else are you going to pick up an organic bath scrub along with an insanely delicious reuben sandwich? The chili with noodles and cheese is really good too. This place serves the height of comfort food, but with yummy little twists. Plus, they have butterbeer. Butterbeer, people! Some of us really need to pretend we're in Harry Potter sometimes, don't judge.
4	The ruben was above average and the rootbeer float uses rootbeer they make themselves right onsite! This is a great place to take the kids. I'll be back soon.P.S. The cottage cheese is fantastic.
5	"I'm no food critic" but this place is amazing. I has the salmon dinner tonight and it was fabulous. The gourmet pizzas are also amazing. but my most favorite item at the cider mill is the "honey Weiss" beer. You gotta have one and then get the history on this particular hand crafted beverage! Outstanding service. Vicky the chef is extremely experiences. Definitely worth the money here. Them go to the pantry next door. This is a bonus!!!!  Thanks guys!!!
5	So, first let me say that this place is hidden away. I've been to "Old Town" Scottsdale many, many times. I'm not sure how new the place is, but I don't usually mozy down this little path, and have not recently. So, it was a joy to discover it, to be sure.I came with my daughter, and frankly we were only thirsty from being all touristy. (Hey, locals get to be touristy, too.)  The place was small and busy so we sat at the bar. Upon reviewing the menu we found what they call a "Butter Beer".Oh.My.God.Is that good!We had a second round it was so tasty. To describe it, I can only try calling it a butterscotch flavored soda, but that is not fair nor even sufficient. It is very sweet, but oh so good.After that, we pondered food but the two butter beers actually topped us off pretty nicely. We'll definitely have to go back to grab a sandwich or something.
5	Buttered baguette, brie cheese and pickles.  These three ingredients happen to rank among my favorite things.  Never would I have thought to put them together.  Add turkey and you have yourself one heck of a delicious sandwich.  My first visit to The Cider Mill and I am positively hooked.  While I highly doubt I will be exploring other sandwiches of their menu due to my new addiction to "Brit's Brie & Pickle", I am looking forward to returning and trying their homemade sodas.
3	7/29/12Little secret in amongst the jewelry shops. Wanted a cider. Ended up with an orange cream soda float.  It was good but a little small and chintzy on ice cream. But it was good. Nice snack. But nothing to bring me there in and of itself. Also root beer tapa were not working so only had their bottled stuff. But got to listen to employees complaining about tapa not working.If I was wandering Old Town, I would stop in again.  But nothing that would bring me out of my way!
5	What a hidden gem! I just moved back to Scottsdale after several years away for college and grad school and have been excited to explore new places. I saw the reviews for the Cider Mill and was not disappointed.Went there on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't very crowded, only a few other parties there. It's a cozy little place, very homey. Very friendly and helpful service, but not overbearing.I had a hard cider that was really good--not too sweet, just right--and my friend had a homemade root beer that looked really good too. Per the suggestion of other Yelpers, I tried the reuben for my first time and man did that hit the spot. I don't even like Reubens that much (got light sauerkraut) but this one was awesome. Great rye bread and corned beef. The thousand island dressing was a bit sweet for my tastes but still good overall. My friend got the Nay's Milly Philly which also looked tasty. Can't wait to come back for lunch sometime and try some more homemade sodas and sandwiches!
5	This is a soda shop with various delicious flavors are made daily. Sott the owner is very welcoming and friendly and he'll give you suggeastions and tastings before you decide. Alos being torists he was very helpful in giving us ideas as to where to go eat.  Thanks Scott!! I suggest having the Prickly Pear Float!! Yummy!! But im sure the rootbeer float is also good as the rootbeer was quite tasty.
4	What a pleasant surprise! I am not a big fan of sandwiches but I was in the area at lunch time one day last week and so I decided to give them a shot. As luck would have it, their special of the day was grilled cheese which is my favorite!  The only thing that would have made it perfect would have been tomato soup but instead they did have a green chili chowder that was pretty tasty and suitable for dunking. The sandwich came out perfect; toasted crispy on the outside and melted gooey on the inside.  It had three different types of cheeses so it was just delicious!To finish off I got a butter-beer to go.  That has to be the most delicious beverage I have ever tasted!  I love the idea that they make their own soda and ice cream and you can come up with whatever combinations you want.  It is a wonderful concept.  The service was also great, everyone was so friendly.This is someplace I will definitely return and tell my friends about.  The market also looks cool.  There were lots of local foodie products, especially from Queen Creek Olive Mill.  I also noticed some from Stonewall Kitchen which is not local (they are based in Maine) but I love their stuff, too!
5	Great little sandwich shop! The food was fresh and delicious. The waitstaff and chef were friendly and attentive. Drinks (alcoholic and non) were yummy! We went for Thursday night dinner and sat outside - great setting. If you want a fast, great tasting, low-key lunch or dinner (open late on thursday only, I think) go to the Cider Mill!
4	2 words for you ROOT BEER. Now that's saying a lot for me because I don't drink Dark Soda of any kind but the Root Beer here is AWESOME. I remember when we were on vacation here in Arizona in 2009 that they were just getting this place built. Now I didn't know at the time this was going to be the Cider Mill but I knew something unique and interesting would be put in this space because most things in Old Town Scottsdale are. The staff that runs the place are very nice and they will even let you sample the 5 different Root Beers they currently feature. I don't care for any of the others but again the original Root Beer was awesome. The outdoor seating is awesome...but this locale can be a little tricky to find so just make sure you ask someone and I am sure they will point you in the right direction. I can tell you it is down a wooden old town walkway right near Del Sol which I reviewed earlier.If you visiting our great state of Arizona and you decide to come to Old Town Scottsdale please stop in and just say hello and they will treat you to some pretty DAMN good Root Beer. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	I can't say too much, since we only ordered sandwiches to go.  It has a nice location, nice atmosphere, and great interior.  The service was friendly; however, one of our sandwiches was made incorrectly - not a big deal really.  I regret to say that I did not get to try any of their sodas :(, though the sandwiches were pretty good.
5	I must preface this review by saying that we had a very different expectation of what this place would be compared to what it was.  It was recommended to us by friends and was described as a "cider bar."  We imagined cider tasting, pub food, etc.  It is much more friendly lunch spot than gastropub.  That being said, the staff was extremely friendly and welcomed us like we were expected.  They currently have one cider available but are working on more.  The food was very, very good.  We shared a pretzel and it was clearly fresh (I always worry about being tricked and getting a frozen Super Jumbo pretzel).  My caprese sandwich was delicious.  They had a wonderful menu of homemade sodas, sundaes and floats which we didn't sample (but would like to next time).  Super friendly folks and definitely a must-do if you're in Old Town.
2	When I was first seated, I was told that the daily special was either Chicken or Tuna Salad. I got really excited because Chicken salad was just what I was craving.  When the waitress came back, I went to order the Chicken salad and she told me that they did not serve Chicken salad nor have they ever served it.  I was confused and disappointed so I ordered the Tuna salad instead.  It was rather bland and unsatisfying.  The nice outdoor seating was the only redeeming aspect of my experience there that day.
5	Delicious.
5	The hands down absolute best lunch spot in Old Town.  I have been happy with every meal I have had here.  My favorite feature is the homemade appeal of everything -- tastes like lunch at my grandmother's house. My favorites include:  pasta salad, spiked cottage cheese, french dip sandwich (YUMMY), the sodas, rootbeer floats and the specials are always over the top delish!
2	Well the single $ sign on yelp and the 4 star rating lead me here after a long day of driving from CA. My lady and I ordered tuna melt sandwiches.  Service was fine but at first glimpse of our sandwiches I was extremely disappointed. The size was so small. The taste was just eh.  I make a way better tuna melt at home for way cheaper.  $22 for two small and mediocre sandwiches which actually came out to $12 a piece with a $2 tip.   We opted not to get a dessert on the account of how disappointing the food was. I say save your money. For $11 I expected a lot more. Thanks a lot yelp.
4	I'd definitely go back again for the homemade root beer, egg cream sodas and prickly pear soda! Yum!
5	Friendly staff and great food.  Daily specials are generally what I order and the hard cider is as good as it gets.  If you are not into hard cider, they also make their own Root Beer and other sodas so it will suit a variety of tastes!
3	Stay very friendly. The food was just ok- if you're in the area and are looking for a quick lunch I would recommend.
5	I was in Scottsdale for work, and had some time off, so I was wandering around and came across The Cider Mill. I actually wasn't that hungry, but I decided to get a pretzel and some sangria. SO GOOD! I was here back in February and I'm still dreaming of that pretzel. It was buttery, salty goodness.
2	I came here for lunch with my fiance. We left a bit disappointed. I ordered the greek salad with grilled chicken and my fiance had the Ruben. The salad was good but it was just your average salad noting special, greek salads are suppose to have olives, theres did not have any, the chicken was premade.  My biggest gripe with this place is the price 12 dollars for a salad is fine but it was very small for the price. After tip we had spent over 30 dollars for lunch for a sandwich and a salad w/ a root beer and a diet coke over priced for OK food
4	Been here 2x. Both experiences were excellent. Sitting outside provides the added bonus of a nice cedar smell. Inside, gigantic brewing containers hold the homemade sodas. I tried the Prickly Pear Soda. It was tasty, but not my thing. The The Cider Mill Dip is excellent and comes with big portions. I recommend the cottage cheese for a side. I give it 4 stars for quality but I'm holding back the 5th because I feel menu prices are a tad bit above market.
3	Root beer is delicious.  Service is very good.  It's hidden waay in the back of a strip of stores so you won't see it driving by.  Enjoyed or meals.
3	I have to admit this place is a bit overpriced for the quantity of food u  get but its quite tasty! I normally get the Millwich sandwich and its always DELICIOUS! The ingredients taste so fresh and overall full of juicy flavors!The location is AMAZING! right in the old heart of Old Town Scottsdale. The place is a bit small inside, but you can always sit outside, which gives you the feel you're no longer in Arizona. Customer service has dwindled quite a bit. The last couple times the women there seemed grouchy and like they didn't want to be there, which was bizarre because prior to that I've always had the best experience. If you're looking for tasty sandwiches this is the place, just make sure you're aware its not exactly your moneys worth and you might not get them in a friendly mood. Other than that, YUMMY sandwiches, AMAZING location.
3	My party of 4 came here last Saturday before catching a show at the Comedy Spot up the road. I thought the casualness of the place would make for a quick and easy dinner, get us to the show with plenty of time and given the reviews on Yelp, I thought it would be tasty!As we arrived, this place could be easily missed. Its situated down a hall behind some shops. As we walked up, there was one party sitting on their patio. While it looked nice, it was a bit to warm to enjoy so we went inside. We were greeted immediately and looked around to see if we should wait to be seated or pick where ever. When we explained we had never been there, we were told we could sit anywhere and they'd be right with us. Apparently this place is never busy on Saturdays at 6:30pm because the woman running the show told us that about 20 times as she took other peoples orders, made their food and delivered it and thanked us for our patience while she worked. It was like she could only focus on one table at a time though and the minutes started to tick by. We did at least get served some drinks while we waited 30 minutes to order our food and I tried the root beer. It was good but not being a root beer fan, it seemed a little flat to me? We finally ordered our food after waiting for 30 minutes and had food on the table 15 minutes later. Since we were in a hurry at that point, we scarfed down our food. While the chef salad I ordered was pretty good and the others in my party also said their sandwiches were really good, I can't say I'd come back. The prices did seem a bit high for what you got and a trip to the bathroom in the back had you walk by all their produce, some of it spoiled. Given the service (while she was friendly the entire time that she thanked us for our patience) I maybe only come back to try the pretzel other's have raved about but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	BEST Reuben sandwich and roast beef sandwich I've ever had, and I'm from NY! Would have loved to try a root beer or cream, or egg soda, but I was too full! Great place, very nice owners and staff!
5	Amazing little place in Old Town Scottsdale.  It is located in an area called "Frontier Town" which is designed to look like the old west.  I had the ruben to eat and one of their homemade sodas to drink.  I was very impressed with both!  Cider Mill brews their own Cider and Soda which is pretty cool.  You can sit near their brewing tanks.   Can't wait to go back and try more!
3	I give this only three stars, but not because of the food. The food is good, but expensive for what it is. It's sandwiches and salads. Eleven dollars for roast beef w/au jus and a bag of chips? It's not grass-fed roast beef so why so expensive. That's my only problem. You can get these same meals at other restaurants for less money, and they're not complicated meals to make well.
3	I want to really like this local spot but their sandwiches and prices relegate it to being a sort tourist trap in the kitschy part of Old Town Scottsdale.  Regardless, their soda options are something fun for the kids.
3	The staff were very helpful and friendly. The food was average but I thought it was expensive for what you got. The specialty drinks are great. Would recommend going for drinks only.
5	The owner and staff are SOO friendly!  The sandwiches were over the top-amazing breads and generous portions of meat.  The bloody Mary has chipoltle sweet and sour in it-delicious!  A must visit in old town!
5	We loved this place! They were so friendly. The Mac n Cheese was delicious! The kids sat at "the root beer bar" and drank shots of their different flavors of homemade root beer. We will definitely visit this place when we come back to town.
4	Excellent service...everything is homemade...the prickly pear cream soda was our favorite. I had the mandrew sandwich buffalo style, it was excellent. Wife had the turkey pickle Brie and loved it. Well definitely be back and the happy hour seems like a great deal so well come back for that. Overall cool experience, they make their own soda if you haven't seen...which can be taken home in growlers...and they do a ton of really unique floats if you're only looking for a snack.
4	Great atmosphere right in Old Town Scottsdale. 2 of us had the Reuben's with a Root Beer Floats, which were great and 2 had Marty's Mediterranean sandwich and they both really liked them. The ambience is enjoyable and we will be back for lunch again.
3	The food was good but honestly nothing special. It was really pricey. I spent $23 including tip for a sandwich and a margarita. It cost $.50 just to upgrade from chips to potato salad, and it was a fairly small amount of potato salad. The margarita was $7 and was in a medium-ish sized hurricane glass. It was delicious though, creamy and on the rocks. It took a lot of restraint to not chug it down. Overall, I was underwhelmed considering all the rave reviews.
5	I enjoyed both the dining experience and the shopping. It was the only place i found where i could purchase quality Assam tea (the store). I had never seen an eatery where you could create your own soda. I wasn't very hungry when I came here but I was up for trying any of their sandwiches, the sandwiches looked like they might be pretty good. Even better than that just about everything on the menu, drinks and food is prepared the way you like. I even had off the menu treats. Another favorite is the soda sampler offered so that you can try out different flavors before you choose.
5	Why I had I not been here before!?? Omg. This place is a hidden gem. We went for the homemade root beer which was fantastic and the owner, let me sample the prickly pear soda. Awesome!! And a prickly pear margarita, I think? Whatever it was, it was amazing. I also sampled the cider that they brew in house. I'm not a cider fan but this was outta this world. So yummy!
5	This place is a hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale. They say the small mom-and-pop restaurants have some of the best food, The Cider Mill Gourmet Market still holds true to that saying. This place is a real treat. It is small but cozy. The service was great and the food was outstanding. I had the turkey sandwich (which was awesome) along with the strawberry fantasy float. This was the best float I've ever had. It was better than my grandmothers floats from back in the day (and that is saying alot). I give this place 5 stars with no hesitation.
5	Favorite lunch stop in old town. Friendly family run business with delicious soups and sandwiches. I get the tomato mozzarella almost every time.
4	Great food even better service a bit hard to find.  Across from the rusty spur.  Good food.
5	My girlfriend and I went for a salad on recommendations from Yelp. A small deli sized restaurant where the cook Virginia waited on us and cooked for us. It was a perfect rainy day afternoon to check out this new spot that will be a regular for us. Food was homemade and the homemade cider was delicious.  we stepped  next-door to have a Arizona wine flight that rounded off the afternoon. We thought we had tried everything in old town Scottsdale but we found a new hot spot that we will be returning to very soon. Thanks Virginia for the excellent service and hospitality we will be back.
1	Wow. Really nothing gourmet here. Server really not too happy about us not ordering alcoholic beverages at noon. Even scolded us for ordering unhealthy diet Coke instead of their homemade sodas they're famous for. The grilled sandwiches were drenched in an oily non-butter substance that had a "dirty grill" sort of flavor. I ordered a Philly style sandwich with American cheese, grilled onion and green chile. Sounded great, and from the great (4 star average Yelp rating of this place) I was prepared to be wowed. The roast beef (and turkey) were "grocery store deli-counter-style" not "Philly" style or "gourmet" style. Uncomfortable wooden and vinyl chairs and ho-hum salads and sides (potato salad) continued to disappoint.When I ate only half my Philly without complaint, the owner/chef from behind the counter came to the table and proceeded to dress me down because I deconstructed my sandwich (read: ate around the gristle and ate only half). Note to chefs:  if I want to complain and send my food back, I will deal with the server. You don't have to tell me you noticed I deconstructed your lousy food and then have the stones to want to know why. Just accept you're not going to please everyone.
5	Best Ruben ever! I won't be wasting my time with their potato salad or cottage cheese again but their sandwiches are spot on! We had the Ruben and their dip. Both great! The cider is pretty good too.
5	We hosted a private event yesterday and everything was beyond my expectations! They decorated, crafted specialty soda drinks and let us jam to our own tunes. The patio was absolutely perfect for our event and the girls loved every minute of it!
4	Great hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale!  We had an Amazon deal to use and decided to stop in for lunch with our furry friend this weekend.  The staff was so nice and welcoming to us and our dog on the patio.  We tried a pretzel with mustard, chili with noodles and cheese, the tomato and mozzarella sandwich with pasta salad and a homemade prickly pear cream soda.  Everything was fresh and delicious and a perfect lunch!  Highly recommend!
5	We found this little spot while walking around Old Town Scottsdale and I'm so glad we did! What a friendly staff and there's something on the menu for everyone.  Attached to the eatery is a little wine bar where you can purchase tastings of Arizona wines.  You can also sit outside on the patio on a nice day and enjoy a glass of wine, a pitcher of sangria, or one of their specialty sodas.  Unfortunately we had already eaten, but their food menu looked great as well.  I'll definitely be returning for lunch one day soon!
4	This is a really fun, small restaurant hidden away in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.The sandwiches are all pretty basic ... nothing too fancy ... but they're all really tasty.My wife had a Chicken Sandwich and I had a Chicken Caesar ... we were both very happy.The patio is really nice, and it's dog-friendly, too.They had someone playing music when we were there.  Not only that, but he made announcements, calling it "Soothing Sundays" at the Cider Mill.  Very fun.If you're looking for a relaxing place for lunch/brunch, this is a great choice.Enjoy!
4	Great place!We went here with a Groupon that we originally bought in early summer. Unfortunately, both the website and phone do not mention that they keep erratic/limited hours in the summertime. We actually made the trip out once to find them closed, even though according to the hours on the website they should have been open.So we finally made it back over there this weekend, the day before the Groupon expired. Fortunately it was worth the wait, if not the initial irritation. We had the house hard cider, mac and cheese, the meat and cheese platter, chili, and the brie, pickle, and turkey sandwich. All were tasty. The cider had a pretty unique flavor to it. Not too dry or too sweet, but with a bit of a wheat/yeast/hops flavor to it. Hubs and I both liked it and we have pretty different tastes. The meat and cheese platter was pretty respectable- salami, proscuitto, cheese (white cheddar?), and some pickled veggies. Mac and cheese was good, if a bit salty and one-dimensional. The brie sandwich was great- the roasted turkey was awesome. Probably the tastiest thing we ate. Service was good, if a bit...disorganized. The waitress kept walking away as we were trying to order, and said she hadn't realized it and thought we were still thinking things over. I guess we must have been miscommunicating. They were friendly enough though. Sitting out on the patio in December is one of the bonuses of living in Phoenix, but the inside looked nice enough too.
