1	Do NOT. I repeat - do not do business with this company. We purchased a furnace with an extended warranty. The warranty was for 650.00 and we were told it would cover any defects, issues etc. Within 2 years the blower motor went out on a Friday. They advised us it would be 198.00 per hour since it was overtime. This was at 3pm on a Friday. They told me to read the fine print..... you know the drill. Finally after much run around I was told we would have a man out for no charge Monday morning at 8am. Of course no one showed up. after 3 more calls and missed times finally we had a tech arrive at 12noon. They do NOT do what they say, they are rude, and not the least bit proactive. Beware of any promises the sales persons make and any comittments the company makes.
1	We called them once to fix our heat, -$200. We called them, again, -$500. Oh and that was without giving us an estimate. Just making the repairs and sending us a bill. And the system was still broken. We finally called another company and the problem was fixed. HVAC problems can be tough, but there isn't much reason to take a chance with this company. There are plenty of other HVAC companies who are more competent and communicative.
1	Scheduled appointment and repeated the date and time to confirm... The technician was a no show. So i called, and was told hat the appointment was for another day and time. Ok, a misunderstanding. They said someone would come out in 2 hours. In 3 hours I called and they said something else came up. I said, "it's now or I am calling someone else". The guy on the phone just said "ok".These people are disorganized, do not respect your time, and clearly don't care about making customers happy.  Don't waste your time on these losers.
5	I was super nervous about using these guys due to the poor reviews, but I have a home warranty and the company chooses who we work with- I didn't have a choice.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We actually had to cancel our first appointment because we were having some major electrical work done that morning and the power was shut off at the time the appointment was supposed to be.  THEY actually called us a little later in the afternoon to find out how things were going and asked when they could send someone out.  They came out on time and got right to work.  The technician was nice and knowledgeable and explained to me that our A/C was shot (bad compressor and burned out wires- we were worried this might be the case after he said it was almost 20 years old).  I was glad to hear he knew about the warranty process and explained how that would all work too.  So far, so good.  I'll be sure to update my review when they actually repair or replace the A/C (it's pending approval from the warranty company at the moment).UPDATE: The A/C was installed the same day the warranty company said it came in.  I have nothing to complain about- they did a fast, good job.  The new unit works great and now we can get our floors done (it was too humid without an A/C to have our wood floors stained).
