5	Chipotle has consistently been one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is prepared in front of you as you head down the assembly line towards the cash register.  The ingredients are fresh, never frozen, and always flavorful.  While it's no Cafe Poca Cosa, for fast Mexican food, it's tough to beat.
4	Should be 3.5* but i am gonna bump it up. It sure is fast but not super exciting. Its just alright. They do not have too many choice either. And their pork is super salty which kind of ruins it. But as far as mall food joints go its not bad."Its alright"Eugene
4	Chipotle!!!! I love you but your empoyees are idiots. I asked them if the oil in the rice was hydrogenated and they told me YESSo after avoiding them for a good 3 months I decided to go inside and ask to see the oil.It is Non Hydrogenated soybean oil, yes it had a few preservatives but no TRANS FATTY OILS!!!!!The Tortilla however does have trans fat :( But Ive been making up for old times, I think Ive had the Veggie bowl like 3 times this week!!!Im outta control, but Ill eat good starting tomorrow ?
4	Chipotle is one of my favorite quick serve restaurants, but this is not one of my favorite Chipotles.  Because it is right next to the movie theater, it was convenient to stuff the burrito in my pocket  and eat it while waiting in line at the theater for a screening.  It was fast as usual, but the burrito size was smaller than I'm used to from the one by my work.
4	Everyone else seems to have eaten here a lot, but earlier today was my first time eating at a Chipotle.  One of my co-workers recommended it, saying it was her favorite mexican food.While it's not too bad, I would definitely not call it my favorite.  One thing that is much better than all of the "drive-thru" mexican restaurants around Phoenix is that the chicken was completely white meat, grilled and fresh, which is much better than most fast food mexican.  The hot sauce was mildly warm, although they put a little too much rice in the burrito.Overall, pretty good,  I'll be back, but not tomorrow.
4	my first chipotle experience was a week ago, my neighbor took me there, and wow!  how come i haven't been eating this stuff earlier.  the barbacoa is the best, and the burrito is so big, i wonder if i can eat two of them?  lol  well, i'm thinking about going there for lunch today so see you there.
5	This location at Tempe Marketplace has to be the best one yet. For starters the large amounts of parking available. The convenience of the mixture of the eye candy at midweek lunch time (ASU hot girls and business suited short skirted hot heeled women!) Oh yeah and the food!I thought to myself what am I going to eat on my high protein diet? Mexican? Nope mexican't too much carbs, but wait my carb watching protein eating calorie counting friends. The Chipotle salad is our salvation of eating with out looking like boring dieter. The chicken salad bowl with no rice, beans, pico and salsa is perfect! Top it off with a little bit of lemon juice and you got a great healthy lunch and with a water you got it all for under $7. Yes my friends we can eat, healthy, cheap and good. For a "fast food" like place they have a nice open kitchen that you can see, I like that they don't hide it from you and you can see how clean it is.
3	If you are a burrito eater this is a good place. Try their carnitas (pork meat) that is a good option. I enjoy their burrito salad (no big complication). The best they have is their decoration. Good for Mexican food beginners but not good if you long a real taco.
4	I can't complain
4	Usually when you roll something this good, it's illegal. While I wouldn't consider it authentic Mexican (more like Mexican style), It's the best thing to get for the price. I get so excited moving along in the line, watching as they scoop the delectable ingredients onto the warm tortilla. There are few things better than seeing a middle aged Mexican woman muscle the burrito into its final shape. When they hand me that baby sized burrito I feel like a little kid on Christmas morning. It's the perfect amount of food and always leaves me satisfied.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review about the wonderful Chipotle (I can spell it, can't pronounce it). I am always greeted with a friendly staff and a clean restaurant! Then here is a yelpers favorite part: the food is consistently great! I have never had a bag thing a Chipotle. Everything is wide open so you can see everything being cooked and made for you. How cool is it that you can actually wave to the people making your food. I always love places that open their kitchen up to their guests. It shows they have nothing to hide. The only bad thing... Catch them at a lunch rush and you could be waiting awhile. A small price to pay for freshly cooked food! And just in case you were wondering... I am eating it right now :)
3	Would you believe I've never been to a Chipolte before?  I came here with a friend and figured it was time to try.  I've heard so much about this place!  Mostly good, of course.I came in and noticed that the menu is simple and prices were fair.  I liked the selections available, and went with the steak fajita burrito. I got to choose my options, and it came wrapped up nice in tin foil.I really liked the burrito I got!  I will probably be back again to eat here.
4	This is one of my favorite chain fast food places.  Everything seems pretty fresh and can be a bit more healthy than your typical fast food fare.This location is just like all the rest.  It is clean, the staff is friendly, and the prices all seem to be reasonable (though I think a bit higher than they should be for what you get).  The line can get pretty long during peak times, but it seems to move pretty fast.I always get the same thing:  a bowl or salad with chicken although I don't know how a bowl and a salad are different.  Anyway, I get lettuce, chicken, corn salsa stuff, hot salsa and shredded cheese.  LOVE it!  Light on the carbs but probably high in calories...oh well...I try.Pro Tip:  If you want cheese, sour cream and/or guacamole, order it on the side.  Even if you say you want a little bit, they will put heaps on your bowl/salad.
4	I love Chipotle.  Can not get enough of it, and yet every time I leave I feel stuffed.  I especial like this one because I find that they are always consistent.  Its so cool for eating there or out.  Recommendation: Your either a fan or not, or you just don't know your a fan yet.
1	I think I'm seriously missing something here. Am I the only person in the world that thinks Chipotle sucks? There isn't one thing on the menu that I enjoy. Not even the chips and salsa. How can you mess up chips and salsa??EVERYONE I know loves this place. I feel like I'm an alien. Maybe they put something in their food that not only makes you bleed when you go the bathroom, but also hypnotizes you to think they have the best food when really its the worst.My two most recent experiences are as follows:A friend of mine insisted we go before a movie. I asked him if he really wanted to eat that garbage and then sit for two hours but he said yes. I watched him eat a burrito while I ate stale chips and the cashier made fun of me (YES HE MADE FUN OF ME! WHO DOES THIS?) for not ordering something. He actually asked me if I was watching my figure. I'm a skinny girl so it was really insulting to the bigger girls behind me in line. I could tell they were visibly offended.Another time my boyfriend got a coupon for a free burrito for selling his books back to the school. I guess they figure that if you're stupid enough to sell your books back to the school instead of online then you're stupid enough to eat Chipotle. I went with him even if I didn't want anything. I just wanted to spend time with him. Well apparently everyone and their mother wanted Chipotle that day because the line was so long it went outside. The door was open so it was hot. Imagine every possible thing that could go wrong in a line happening at once. That's what it was. Sweaty people all over, screaming kids, crying babies, loud cell phone talkers, cutters.... Ugh. When we finally reached the front of the human labyrinth they almost didn't take his coupon even though it was completely valid.In the end. Not a fan of the food, the experience, the staff, the building. No. Please someone tell me what I'm missing here!!
4	Lots of good food for cheap, but it's still a fast food chain, so don't expect much more than that.
5	Great food. Almost all gluten free. Wonderful service, above and beyond.
3	This Chipotle is located in the Tempe Marketplace and for those of you who have ventured here well you know it can be a beast to get to it. The food and service is typical of any other chipotle but the parking and the crowds make this location a real challenge. So if you just have to have chipotle this one is as good as any other...but again be warned this one may not be worth your time due to all the parking and crowd issues. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Close to the only fast food I eat. And I eat it regularly. I like the fact that they use organic and free range whenever possible.
4	Chicken burritttoooooo! Since this one is in the Marketplace, it's pretty much always busy. They are still good at getting you in and out though.
3	Stopped by for lunch with some colleagues and ordered my normal Steak Burrito w/Pinto Beans, Sour Cream, Guacamole, Rice, Hot Salsa.  Since the weather was awesome, we sat outside and enjoyed the day.  The Burrito was actually kind of small for Chipotle....I guess they were stingy that day.The only downside to sitting outside is all of the birds that bother you and fly overhead....you have to be careful.  Next time, I'll probably sit inside.Return Factor - 60%
5	Love this place, especially the guacamole and chips.  But you can also get the fattest, heaviest burrito as you want here.  I wish they'd branch out and bring 'em to Hawaii!
2	The food is good. The customer service is horrible. I asked 2 of the workers questions and they both ignored me.
4	Went with a few friends to see a movie and afterwards debated for food afterwards, Chiptole was worth going to. I enjoyed my burrito bowl and the staff was pretty considerate. Very wide selection of seating and not many crappy chairs. I prefer this one over the one by ASU.
5	I have visited this Chipotle more than twice a week on average for lunch for over a year now and I have never had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and they go out of their way to recognize their regulars. The food is always good. If you like Chipotle, this location is as good as it gets.
4	Keep in mind that this is fast food.  I'm rating it as such.  I'm not comparing it to a place like La Tolteca, or Firebirds, or Top of the Rock.  That would be silly, IMO.I like Chipotle.  They give you a lot for your money, and it's very tasty.  I can't really say it is authentic, but it's very good.  This time I had a barbacoa, and it was very good.  My wife and I shared it, and we were both full when we were finished.This is perhaps the best fast food out there.  I don't know (but should probably look up) the "label" to see how much fat and such there is, but their ingredients do appear to be fresh, and the food doesn't sit like a rock in my stomach for hours like a lot of fast food does.  In a hurry and want some good food?  You could do a lot worse than Chipotle.
4	The service is always fast and friendly. Large dining are both inside and out. The food is always fresh and tasty and plenty of it. I've never had a bad experience.
5	I love Mexican food, even the "fake" kind that other people complain about. Well, I'm not complaining! Tacos, burritos, quesadillas,  taco bowls, chips and salsa- I love them all! I like how the price doesn't change if you choose steak instead of chicken. Some of the other toppings cost extra, but only get what you want and can afford. I like to add veggies to my tacos for an extra charge, but I know it's worth it for some vegetables in my meal. So I will be returning.. many, many times!
4	At one point in my life I had a personal disliking for Chipotle...  Im glad I was able to get past that and enjoy the food :)  Love the chicken burritos (with everything on it!).
5	My fast-food spot of choice when in a pinch - for under $10 I can get a double meat with guac and tons of salsa and sour cream. Preferred over most establishments for their prudent choice of quality sources.
1	My husband ordered take out for us last week. I ordered the chicken burrito bowl, the chicken was very hard and chewy, the guacomole had some brown spots. It tasted disgusting, I had a few bites and threw it away. Then got very sick with food poisoning symptoms for the next  3 days. In all fairness my husband ordered a steak burrito and liked it. I normally go to the chipolte @ baseline and stapley in Gilbert, there food everytime is AMAZING AND FRESH!
4	Chipotle is an interesting animal. They have many unique qualities and their service is always streamlined.  This review is for this and all locations I have been to prior. Chipotle......GO!~Fud/Drink~The food is tasty...enough said. Delving deeper, you can see a bevvy of food options you can sink your teeth into. The meats are delicious to say the least. My personal fav, the barbacoa, really ties the burrito together (Big Lebowski reference). The other meats taste great, but barbacoa is seasoned perfectly. As for the ingredients, everything always tastes fresh, from the salsas to the beans and rice.... everything. You can stack as much of an ingredient into your burrito as you see fit, and I take advantage of this by piling on the the grilled peppers and onions. Is it the finest Mexican cuisine? No... But for someone looking to dine out and not eat a ton of calories like myself, Chipotle does it right. They provide you a menu off to the side that shows all the calories in each ingredient, and its easy to keep the calories off by following what you are putting in. I usually keep out the tortilla, which saves a lot of grief and calories, and still allows me to fill up on fresh Mexi-food. This is completely different to most Mexican restaurants. Nothing is deep fried, but rather fresh and filling. As for a bar or drink, there is nothing beyond a couple generic Mexican beers or a soda fountain. ~Atmosphere/Service~I never have much liked the overall restaurant concept, which oozes eat quick and leave. There are no TV's for you to lounge around and watch, music is not piped through the system, and the  chairs are wooden and not overall comfortable. Really, it makes sense, many people do not eat in, they get the burrito to go. It still might help to add a little more atmosphere to the overall experience, if you ask me. The service is always lightning quick. Despite long lines, they still get you in and out quick, and are quick to add the ingredients. Overall, they also are quite kind and talkative, I have never had rude service from service crews. Its a nice way to get Mexican, just no real atmosphere to experience the food in.~Extras/Rating~Not much else to note, besides the various options you can get when choosing how to dine. There are so many combos you can go with, its fun to change up your burrito experience by coming here. As for the rating, they lose a full star for having no atmosphere whatsoever. I know its their concept, but still, not even a TV? It would be something if they put out some new options, like board games or other items to entice customers to stay more...Open up more bar options, then revenue increases.....gah, who am I to complain about business models? 4 Stars for outstanding food and great quick service!
4	Good and fast...  Plus affordable, but I can only there once a week. I like this place because it is healthy and hearty :)  There are several locations and now they serve brown rice.  Therefore, good for me !!!
4	Huge portions and a healthy outlook on Mexican food.
2	The food is good but the portion they give you is terrible. I counted 10 steaks in my entire burrito, I got more rice than anything and very little cheese. I can't even taste the cheese. The chips are stale and very salty! The salsa is pretty good. The service was okay... Seems like they all were trying to talk and it was confusing me. If their portion size was better I'd be more satisfied.
4	After walking around shopping,  what is a better way to sit down, relax and enjoy a fresh veggie bowl.. yummmm. The mild and hot sauce is super delicious!!! Yummm.Brown rice, bell peppers and onions, black beans, sour cream, corn, all three sauce, a little bit of their guacamole, cheese and lettuce.  Two squeezed lemons and Booooom. DelishhhhhIm so needy, I need hot sauce inside my bowl anddddd extra hot sauce on the side as well. :))Great and friendly customer service!!!!Ohhh how I loveeeee chipotleeeee.
4	This is the Chipotle in the Tempe Marketplace shopping center so I come here  occasionally when I am trying to get some shopping done on my lunch break. Weird thing is that if you get here at 11:30am (they open at 11) it is totally calm but between the hours of noon and 2pm the place is jam packed. They keep it well staffed though so you can still get in and out quickly. Or if you want to stay awhile they have a nice little patio area. Watch out for the birds, they can get pretty aggressive and apparently really love burritos.fyi - they are on the Northeast area of the shopping plaza near Bar Louie. Come in the Smith Road entrance from Rio Salado then head straight back and make a right towards Harkins and you'll see it.
2	I come to this Chipotle often, and it usually doesn't disappoint. Today, however, they were completely off. When I walked in, there were about 3 or 4 people in line in front of me, but only one guy on the line making their burritos/bowls/tacos etc., and the cashier walked away to wipe down tables. It wasn't until about 5 minutes later that another guy walked out and put on gloves to assist him. Then, when I got up to the counter, I ordered a steak bowl with guacamole to go. The portions this guy gave me were so small and when I mentioned possibly adding more rice, beans, meat, etc., he gave me a surprised look and scooped an extra edge of a spoonful into my bowl. I usually wouldn't mind getting a smaller portion, but for $9.15? Then when I got home, the steak was chewy and I ended up spitting out more than I consumed. Not too thrilled, I don't know what was up with them today.
1	Today there is a line to the door and your manager only has three people working the line! You need to learn to react better towards serving your customers. Also tell your manager (male) to pull his pants up. It's not professional...amongst other things! You guys have some work to do!
5	Every time I come here I receive excellent customer service and the manager Dusty is very personable and frequently greets guest by name as does JJ. They are both very professional and courteous. Great team leaders which reflects from the service given from this Chipotle's team members.
5	This chipotle is a staple of Tempe Marketplace fast food eats. You can never go wrong eating here - fast service prepared by friendly faces. What's not to love?
4	It's no secret that I really enjoy Chipotle. I love that guacamole is included with the veggie option and their salad dressing is amazing. I could eat it for days without getting sick of it.  Pretty disappointing that on my visit just now they were out of salad dressing... OUT?!  Did I mention they didn't tell me until I paid for my salad that they were out of the amazing salad dressing?? Argh. Double argh. They half-heartedly asked if I'd like to wait 15 mins for dressing, or have more salsa, or if I'd like to have them make me something else... I was in a rush to get to a movie, so I ate the salad without the amazing dressing. But what I really wanted was to go back 3 minutes in time and have the girl at the front of the line tell me they had no salad dressing the second I asked for a freaking salad.
1	I go to Chipotle all the time, seriously, once a week. I am a true Chipotle addict. I have been to many Chipotles and have given the Tempe Marketplace one more than enough chances, but after so many disappointing experiences I will not be returning. Multiple times, they have ran out of guacamole and chips. The meat is always cold and chewy and the portions are very inconsistent. I have heard from multiple other people who share my same opinion that this Chipotle does not compare to others.I LOVE CHIPOTLE, but trust me, it is worth the extra five minutes to go to the one on Mill Ave instead.
