3	My first trip warrants a return.  I'll be bringing lunch for coworkers next time.I picked up the brisket sandwich entree.  The meat was tender, on a good bun, and complemented well by the spicy sauce (a tasty "Wisconsin spicy" vinegar sauce).  The baked beans were savory, and surprisingly spicy.  The beans were excellent (still a bit firm), and there was plenty of pork in the mix.I opted for the mayo-based coleslaw, which was decent.Plan on getting takeout, as seating is limited to twelve stools (three tables for two along the windows, two counters with three stools each along the walls).
4	My husband and I are big fans of Smoky Jon's, but tonight we decided to try the new bbq take-out place that recently opened in our neighborhood. Boy, are we glad we did!  I ordered the solo brisket sandwich with a side fries and my husband got the solo pulled pork sandwich with fries. The brisket is some of the best I've ever had - tender, flavorful and sliced thin with a rich smokiness and really delicious. They offer very generous portions of meat on the sandwiches and the bun held up against the meat, but wasn't tough at all. The pulled pork is equally smoky, tender, flavorful and delicious. Their bbq sauce is served on the side which I prefer as I use very little to none at all. My husband really enjoyed the sauce which is tangy with a significant vinegar element. The fries were hand-cut, perfectly done, and not at all greasy - crispy on the outside & tender on the inside. We both really enjoyed our meals and agree that That BBQ Joint is as good as Smoky Jon's (with even better fries). One suggestion would be that they add fries to the "side" options they offer with entrees. The prices are very reasonable. We will definitely be back again soon!
5	Simply amazing food at a very good price. The meat is carefully prepared, the sauces are original and skillfully crafted. Their pulled pork and BBQ ribs have the hearty integrity you crave while still offering a taste that is surprising. Highly recommended.
4	That BBQ Joint is in Batchouse Bakery's old spot.  Its simple, non assuming, and yummy.I ate a BBQ Pork Sandwich, and  an order of french fries.My husband ate a brisket sandwich meal, with baked beans and chilli as a side.We also ordered 2 of their smoked wings. Their  smoked wings were fantastic. I am going back and having more of  them.Both sandwiches were huge and really tasty. They did have pickes on them that were good, but I wish they let me know that I am not a big pickle on sandwich person.  I know for next time I guess. The fries were interesting in a good way-they had some sort of coating or batter, not sure what but it was good. The baked beans were good. The chilli was good quality but a little one note. Now to what makes BBQ, the sauces: 1) Regular: It sweet and tangy. What you expect out of BBQ sauce but better.2) Spicy: This is midwestern spicy, so nothing burning, but is the BBQ Sauce with a slight kick3) Carolina Mustard: I like good mustard sauces, this one is not the best, but its good.If you eat it there you can try all three. IF you take it to go you get one sauce with each entree and 4oz of sauce is $ 0.50 more, which is annoying but not bad.
5	My favorite bbq was Don & GGs in Ironwood, MI (and it is still worth the 5 hour drive from Madison); however, they only have ribs. That BBQ Joint is the  best and most versatile. I've tried the ribs, brisket, whole chicken, and some special items. Tonight, it was the signature sandwich, TBJ, along with the Italian Beef and Chicken Wings. All three were superb. The wings were smoked to perfection and needed nothing but the rub. The TBJ is a version of the Cuban and the homemade mustard sauce mixed perfectly with with the meats--the panini bread was crisp and added to the overall texture. The Italian Beef (I went with mild peppers) was incredible. Perhaps the best roast beef that I have ever tasted. The bread stood up to the au jus so that utensils were not needed. For the mainstays, the homemade sauces are incredible, but try the food without the sauce first just to allow the rub to shine. The sides are all well done as I have had them, but the meats are the stars.Pricing is very fair and reasonable and you can sample with single ribs and chicken wings. A great addition to the neighborhood and Madison's food scene.
5	This place is quite simply a phenomenal addition to the Willy Street food scene, and to culinary wizardry throughout the Madison area in general. I had been driving past this joint ever since it opened in early October of 2013, always wondering if, just perhaps, incredible and inexpensive barbecue had finally made it's way to the 'hood. Well, it has, and it's glorious.After just returning from a road trip around the Raleigh-Durham area and eating pulled pork at a variety of some of the country's more venerable establishments, I still have to say that the pulled pork at TBJ is the best I've had in recent memory. My bias certainly comes in the form of favoring midwestern barbecue (Memphis and KC style), but great is great, no matter which way you slice it.As a previous reviewer said, the star of the show here certainly is the meats. They are perfectly rubbed, and while the three sauces that you can choose from are all awesome in their own right, the ribs just do not require any sauce. The heavy hand with brown sugar and maple smoke shines through terrifically. While I also enjoy the fall-off-the-bone style you can find at Smoky Jon's, purists will probably appreciate that this stuff has a little more bite to it, despite being perfectly tender.As for that pork, it's loaded with delicious bark but also retains lots of moisture. The brioche-y bun was a perfect choice and meat-to-bread ratio was spot on. The touch of sliced pickles on the sandwich was nice, too. But one of the things that most keeps me going back to a place is the attitude of the purveyors/staff, and that was almost as much of a draw here as the quality of the grub. Clement, who runs the joint with his mom, spent a good 20 minutes just chopping it up about barbecue with me. You can tell that this guy loves what he does and has a genuine enthusiasm for his food. When he noticed how enamored I was with the 'cue, he was quick to bring out a generous amount of free samples so that I really got a taste of the menu.This is exactly the type of place that the neighborhood needs. I truly hope word of mouth gets around and this place gets the business and attention it deserves. I should also reiterate that it's extremely inexpensive, which is a rarity in the Atwood area where even casual joints tend to overprice. If you want a sample of the menu but are short on loot, just get a snack of a few ribs (they serve them individually at $1.50 a piece) or a pulled pork sammy sans sides for $5.Only criticism would be that the collards could use a bit more vinegar and ham hocks--they were fine, but just a little on the bland side. But yeah, it's about the meat here, and the meat is glorious. I will be telling everyone I know and returning quite often.
5	I don't know if a better BBQ pork sandwich exists in the universe than what I just ate from this place - I've had BBQ from all over town and many parts of the country, and heard claims of "Best BBQ" from the lot of them, but not one is even close. It seriously blows my mind a little bit each time I eat here -  it gets better with every visit. Also, don't skip the deliriously crispy sweet potato fries. Or do, because you will be beholden to them forever and will require them like an illicit drug. One last bit of advice:  try the chicken wings-  they are the smokiest little yum-bombs your mouth will ever know.
5	Found this place last week and went Friday night. They were sold out of pork, brisket, and ribs. Bummer. But as they say, if a place is sold out of something, that is usually a good sign. We tried the rib tips and smoked chicken wings. Both were excellent but the wings might be the best I've ever had. Crunchy and Smokey but the meat was so tender and flavorful. We went back Saturday afternoon to try the trifecta of BBQ and it didn't disappoint. They gave us some free rib tips with out pork, brisket and ribs. Meats are served dry and they don't need sauce but they do have 3 homemade sauces. All was truly delicious. I like to make my own BBQ and it usually turns out quite good, but this place outdoes me. My new fav place in Madison. The spot is very small and not conducive to family seating. Parking is also challenging in this neighborhood. But that is ok cause the food is all worth it.
5	Five stars for the brisket alone. Amazing. Lean, deeply smoked slices with visible rings at a respectable depth. The cole slaw was good, the beans were OK. Nobody goes to a BBQ joint for sides, so they are never a factor in my star ratings. We sampled al three sauces, which while a touch sweet for my tastes, were so equally good I had a hard time deciding where to dip each slice of brisket. It looks unassuming from the curb, as any good 'cue joint should, but inside it is spotless and welcoming.  I will definitely be back to sample, savor and review the other offerings from this place that everyone in Dane County should feel blessed to have in their midst.
5	Best BBQ in Madison!!! As soon as you walk in, you smell the delicious wood scent of the smoker.  I ordered the full slab of ribs which came with two rolls for $20.  The cashier was super friendly and we chatted about their smoked chicken salad sandwich which sounded divine!!! My food was ready quickly and to my delight, the cook threw in some free sweet potato fries.  They also randomly had some free giant pixie sticks which added to the friendly atmosphere.  I made some sides myself at home (hey, I'm on a budget!) although I would have loved to try their others.  The sweet potato fries were in a light batter - nice and crisp.  The ribs, though, WOW!  Smoke ring, check.  Moist and tender but not falling off the bone, check.  Well seasoned and smoky, check.  Good size with a little fat for flavor, check.  The sauce came on the side which I appreciated.  I opted for the regular sauce (I believe they had spicy and mustard, as well) which was delicious.  It was flavorful and not very sweet which complimented the smokiness of the ribs well.The ribs were phenomenal and the service was excellent.  Plus they threw in freebies?  What more could you want?! I will be back very soon.
5	Today I had the TBJ House Special Sandwich for lunch. While eating I instagrammed two pictures about it and tweeted about it an obnoxious four times. This was the first sandwich of the rest of my life.
2	Cool little place, but we had mixed reviews on the food. Picked up an order to-go recently and had an order of the pulled pork and a slab of ribs. The pork was pretty darn good and came with giant buns to make a delicious pork sandwich. We all agreed though that the BBQ sauce that came on the side was NOT good at all. Not sure what was wrong, but the taste was way off. We ended up using some bottled sauce from the fridge instead. The ribs, while meaty and pretty tender, were nothing special and again better without the sauce. This dish came with a side of the spicy BBQ sauce which was just as odd as the regular - just spicier! All in all, we might give it a shot again sometime down the road, but for now I think we'll look elsewhere for a BBQ-fix.
4	Delicious ribs and pulled pork. Great service and free refills of homemade iced tea. Not very expensive for what you get. I will definitely go back again. Cute interior. Limited seating but it seemed like most people got takeaway. Must try.
4	Good BBQ in Madison?  Yep!  Felt like I was in Texas.  Ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich with the chili and baked beans.  The sandwich was excellent with a good smokey crust yet very tender.  Good smoke taste.  Had a couple chicken wings on the side and those were probably the highlight of the meal.  Crunchy on the outside, smokey and salty flavor, and very tender meat.  Delicious!The BBQ sauces were good but nothing to go crazy about.  Yes, I will be back soon.
5	I grew up on Tennessee BBQ.  The place I went to was called "Ott's BBQ" - a cinder block building in the town of Dixie-Lee Junction - no lie!  Hickory smoked with vinegar based sauce and cole slaw.  I have now found an equal. TBJ is the place!  I have tried the ribs, pulled pork and chicken.  All are sublime.  The sides are dead on as well.  I could pick apart some nits here and there but forget it.  The ribs stopped me cold and left me speachless.  The pulled pork sandwich is worth it even for the bun (my old place in TN used hambuger buns - but grilled them).  The vinegar slaw is not like I am used to but super with the jalapeno added.  The chicken is not dry.  I am sorry I don't live closer.  The Carolina sauce is a bit heavy on the yellow - I'd prefer more vinegar. I also think the Carib sauce needs more heat.  Details.  The place rocks.
5	Went there for dinner yesterday and the Italian Beef Sandwich was so good.  Great flavor.
4	Hidden in between the Willy street and Atwood area is this awesome new BBQ place that even a southerner (my friend) has great praises for! Cheap, delicious comfort food - that's what you're looking at in That BBQ joint. There is no official sign, the name is spray paint on the windows, but yes, they are OPEN!! Tips from regulars is to call ahead, maybe before dinner, to make sure you get the items you want. By the time I came to collect my order at 6:30pm, the brisket and ribs are already SOLD OUT, and pies were gone too :( Also, calling ahead reduces the wait, there were maybe 8 to 10 people waiting for their orders when I went in and got my order within 5 minutes. What to get?Rib half slab - the rib basket only has 3 ribs, even me tiny eater is craving and asking for more.. The sauce is kind sweet and tangy. I love the chewy and tender texture of the ribs. Favorite so far. Boyfriend thinks it could be more moistPulled pork - it's a SANDWICH. wasn't clear from the menu.. comes with sweet and tangy sauce too. be generous and pour all of it on the meat. Good flavor, but some parts without sauce could be dry.Creamy slaw - some raisins, good tasty slawBaked beans - decent. a little sweetCollard greens - just boiled veggies I'm looking forward for my next excuse to get some ribs. mmm mmm. convenient and delicious! Just remember to call ahead!
4	The best BBQ in Madison. Beef brisket is flavorful and ribs are just fantastic. They sell out quick so I just putting in your order early. I hope they get enough business to start making more if everything! Sweet tea is refreshing too :)
5	Like Pig Butts and Cannot Lie??? That BBQ Joint is here to satisfy.Everyone has their own idea of comfort food. For many, comfort food is what you grew up eating...home-cooked Italian dinners, summer barbecues, copious amounts of ice cream...you name it. An individual's version of comfort food largely defines their character. It is representative of their innermost passions and paints a picture of their upbringing. For me, comfort food is the food that makes me happy, the food that brings me back home. And while I by no means grew up in the south...my personal form of comfort food has always been barbecue. When I am feeling down or just plain hungry, it is hearty slabs of ribs and slow cooked juicy brisket that I crave. You can therefore imagine the immense joy I experienced when I came across an inconspicuous barbecue spot while strolling down Willy Street. That BBQ Joint had saved the day.Housed within the brick walls of this corner shop is a glorious medley of all things meat. They of course have the classics expected of a barbecue spot, serving up sliced brisket, pulled pork, and smoked chicken. But for the real TBJ experience you absolutely must order the smoked wings and a full slab of ribs. Oh heavens, DO NOT FORGET THE RIBS. The quality of the meat combined with the perfect layer of seasoning and a wonderful smoky bite earn these guys high marks.What makes That BBQ Joint a truly beautiful place is the fact that they do not need to drown their meats in an excessive amount of barbecue sauce. Barbecuing is often a contentious topic and, like the folks at That BBQ Joint, I can affirm myself a staunch supporter of the dry rub method. True barbecued meat should be able to hold its own and not be completely coated in a sugary mess of sauce. I applaud all barbecue places that allow the meat to speak for itself and depend on dry rubs more so than sauces. Thank heavens that BBQ Joint does just this. While some of their items do have a bit of sauce added, most everything is served dry. In this way, the flavor of the meat is dependent upon the quality of spices and cooking technique, instead of the sweetness of the sauce. With this form of barbecue there is more of an emphasis on "barbecuing" rather than "grilling," with the latter corresponding to a greater use of sauces. It is this barbecuing method that stresses that the meat be cooked at a low temperature for a longer period of time. The resulting product therefore attains an incredible smoke and a moist bite that is simply unattainable via the grilling method. In the words of the pit masters: low and slow, baby. So if you find yourself seeking a respite from the humdrum of ordinary food, bask in the level of delicious that can be found with some TBJ comfort food. Meat-tastic perfection.
4	Call early ( noon- 1:00pm) to place a carry out order so you won't be disappointed!They sell out early. Ribs and chicken are wonderfu! Both slaws are good too.
5	HOLY GRILLED CHICKEN WINGS!How do they pack so much flavor into wee little wings? THEY ARE INCREDIBLE! Smoky and delicious. And you pick up 6, 20 or just one! Same goes for their ribs. So naturally I ordered 6 wings and a couple of ribs for good measure, and I have to tell ya, it's likely I'll be back this weekend. Simply awesome. Reasonably priced. Lovely staff. Not a single thing I'd change about the experience. They could use a stronger sign to catch people driving by, but there low profile is part of the charm of the place.
5	Okay. I KNOW I've already rated and posted. But DEAR GOD. Dear goodness gracious.The smoky brown sugar bark on the ribs.The glazy dark chewy-crisp skin on the wings. The ethereal coating on the sweet potato fries.The dirty feeling one experiences upon the first bite into a gigantic deep-fried panko-crusted macaroni and cheese ball.  Pure culinary debauchery.
5	The ribs here are AMAZINGGGGG.  I really liked the sides too, especially their potato salad.  We also had the pork belly burger and chicken wings which were also pretty good, but the ribs were hands down the best.
4	There really isn't much I can say about this place that hasn't been said already, so I mainly just want to reinforce the fact that everyone is right - this place is pretty amazing. On my last visit I ordered a half-rack of ribs, baked beans, vinegar-y coleslaw, and a mac & cheese ball. The ribs were smoky and delicious, the beans were easily the best I have ever had - just tons of flavor with huge chunks of tasty porky goodness, the coleslaw was super fresh with jalapenos that added a nice and spicy bite, and the mac & cheese ball.....my god.......It was one of the greatest appetizers I have ever eaten, and as long as you don't mind the possibility of having your heart slow down and blood thicken as you are eating a giant glob of fried cheese and noodles you really have to try it. It would be great if there was more seating, but I understand that it's not super easy (or affordable) to find a big space for that. You also have to get there early as things like brisket and chicken wings sell out fairly often.
3	Staff was polite and friendly! Food was decent but overpriced for the portions they were giving. Choices of sauce were not the best, you either got spicy, super spicy or mustard spicy. The meat was over cooked and very dry. The cole slaw was excellent though would recommend that for sure. Overall I was a little disappointed with the food, as it was not up to par with the ratings I have seen for this place. I would go back again but only of I was in the neighborhood, I don't plan on actively seeking this place out...
5	I love this place. The atmosphere is really casual, but still clean and pleasant, and the food is delicious. Granted, I've only ever had the ribs, but they're fantastic ribs. Everything is very fresh, and they even make their own barbecue sauce, which is also pretty terrific. If you like bbq, you'll love this place. If there is one caveat however, it's that this restaurant is rather small, and can't accommodate large groups. As long you come with a small party, you'll have a good time and enjoy some reasonably priced awesome barbecue.
4	Finallyyyyyy......my hubby agreed to go and give this place a try, he always made an excuse saying it was too far, but since I pleased him by ordering his favorite food yesterday, today he could not say anything when I suggested this restaurant ;) We ordered a full rack of ribs (they were big meaty slabs with a nice smoky flavor) and asked for the three sauces they offer, a sweet one, mustard and a spicy one (they were all very good!) for the sides we had the potato salad and the creamy cole slaw), they made a nice combo since the slaw was vinegary and sweet and the potato salad was savory. We got two dinner rolls and I loved those, nice and soft with a hint of honey. All what we ordered was more than enough for two people, I even brought some leftovers home. In general, I liked it, the only downside I see is that the place is very small, today we were lucky since it is a holiday; Furthermore not many people were around.
5	Hands down the best BBQ place in Madison. We had the chicken wings, pulled pork and brisket. All 3 meats were mouth watering and amazing. For sides we had baked beans, greens and deep fried corn. Those three were also very good. We got there a little late so will be back for the rib tips, whole chicken and the ribs next.The meats are so good you don't even need the sauce. From here on out I will not eat any other BBQ. If you want Real BBQ this is the place. Don't really understand the issues about the bathroom and size of the dinning area?? I don't really think it matters, because the food is so awesome. So please don't pass this place up its a hidden gem. And if you don't like smoked meats this is not a place for you.
5	BBQ is probably my favorite food.  Given that it's usually pricey, usually takes a while to make/purchase, and is hard to find REALLY REALLY good, I never imagined I would ever eat BBQ more than once or twice a month.Enter That BBQ Joint.  My cousin, a fellow BBQ expert, went and told me immediately the following day.  I went, and was so blown away, I went back the very next day for more.  Come to find out my cousin also went back two days in a row.What's good:  The ribs, the rib tips, the brisket, the pulled pork, the chicken wings, the smoked chicken salad.  Any of the meat that is smoked.  Because that is what it tastes like:  SMOKE.  The dry rub is good, and the sauce does not distract or detract, but the real show here is the quality of the meat itself and the manner in which it is smoked.  That's really the whole show.I typically get the fried corn on the cob and fried macaroni & cheese as sides.  They come a la cart.  I've tried many of the other sides, and none of them were bad, but none of them were memorable.I have a friend who cant wait to try TBBQJ's meat with Papa Bear's BBQ sauce, since Papa Bear's has arguably the best sauce in Madison.  I'm scared to do it myself.
5	This is some of the best BBQ we have ever had.  Ribs were fall off the bone tender and moist, nice and smokey.  Choice of sauces at the table--all were delicious--none of the overly sweet syrupy sauce variety.  These were tangy and well-balanced.  Very little seating in the restaurant, and you do have to get there early as they start to run out of items.  Prices are reasonable.  Absolutely recommend it.
1	Worst rib I ever had.Have been to two smoke house in at.louis. Both use wood. However, I guess they use charcoal instead of wood to cook. The rib smells horrible and the color is black.
3	They do sell out of items on a regular basis.  Call ahead if your looking for something particular.  We had two different types of chicken.  The 1/2 chicken had some spices that were more fiery than the wings.  Really not sure if I'll give this place another go since the spices weren't what we were looking for when it comes to BBQ.
5	Great staff, nice to have a family owned bbq joint to go to. Food is always excellent.
5	I am a bbq judge and have competed in Kansas City BBQ Society  contests for over 10 years. I thought the food here was some of the best cooked BBQ that I have ever had in a restaurant. All the food I had was very good, but the ribs were my favorite. The flavor of the regular sauce is excellent. The ribs are not fall-off-the-bone, but still allowed you to have something to chew without being tough (just like I like them). The sausage was also excellent. Come early if you want to make sure they are not out of something.
2	I love smoked food. I have my own Big Green Egg; my boss has two of them, and together, we kick out some mean smoked proteins. It's also spoiled me, as I am usually disappointed by most restaurants that serve smoked foods.When I smoke, say a pork shoulder, I have the luxury of being able to brine it for 24-hours, letting it sit with rub for 24-hours, and slow smoking it at 225F for as long as it takes to reach the finished temperature. I obsess about my woods - apricot or peach, and I can adjust the mix as I see fit. It's a lot of work to smoke something well; I can't imagine the effort required to smoke large batches on a daily basis.That BBQ Joint wasn't entirely disappointing by any means; it was just underwhelming. When I have smoked foods, I'm looking for good bark, solid smoke ring, bold smoke flavor, minimal unrendered fat, and good moisture/texture.I appreciate a good sauce, but the sauce should accompany the meal, not dominate it, or be the source of the flavor. All of the items that I tried were eaten dry - sans sauce, and then sampled with sauce.- Chicken wings: the highlight of the meal, by far. The wings are big, meaty, and had decent flavor. A bit light on smoke and a bit greasy at times, but I'd expect that with a wing. All-in-all, these were the star.- Brisket: nice texture; it wasn't dry... Tasted as though it was wet smoked, because while it was moist, there wasn't a pronounced bark, nor was there any hint of smoke flavor. Dry brisket is a crime, so I'll take a less flavorful but better textured brisket any day.- Pulled pork: good moisture, but zero flavor. I looked for pieces with a lot of bark, hoping I'd taste the rub and/or smoke, but even when I grabbed pieces that were crusty and dark, there wasn't much of anything there. Reminded me of the pressure-smoked pork from another place. - Ribs: sweet flavor, but no smoke. Looked like they had a nice char, but were soft and chewy - not really what I've ever had in a rib, and tasted as if they were wet or pressure-smoked. Not sure if they were worth $2 each. Were also a little on the greasy side.The sauces were decent; I think the bold/spicy sauce has a hit of all spice? Interesting touch. The sides that I tried were good - vinegar slaw was tangy and fresh, and the brisket chili had a decent flavor profile. So... as far as commercial smoked food goes, it's better than a bunch of them, but not as good as some others or the homemade goods. Looks like I won't be retiring my BGE anytime soon.
4	Excellent bbq joint. Best in Madison. The ribs were very tender and came off the bone neatly. The pulled pork sandwich was also very good. It came out dry without sauce and certainly needed sauce to moisten it up but the flavor was delicious. I will be coming back for sure.
1	I'm a native Texan and have had the pleasure of eating at some of the best BBQ joints out there. I haven't yet found a place in Madison that serves decent que and stumbled upon That BBQ Joint's high praise on Yelp. I decided to give That BBQ Joint a shot and ended up having one of the worst meals of my life.I ordered a 1/2 rack of ribs, a pulled pork sandwich, and a 1/2 lb of brisket, hoping that one or more options would pan out. The ribs: These were the worst ribs I've ever had. They had a sweet sauce that was palatable but were so tough and overcooked that they were virtually inedible. There was zero bark, no smoke ring, and not an ounce of meat that was tender. Very disappointing.The brisket: I'm still dumbfounded by what I was served. The 1/2 lb of brisket was shaved deli thin and served in a plastic container. It had a gelatinous film on top which was an obvious indication that the brisket hadn't been smoked that day. The flavor was devoid of smoke, bark, and didn't really taste like beef. It was truly an insult to BBQ.The pulled pork: This was the lone 'bright spot'. The pork was tender and the sauce pairings made the sandwich okay. Still no bark and very little smoke.When you couple the complete disaster of a meal with the fact that the management placed signage in the restaurant that bragged about their electric smokers and made light of those that make BBQ the traditional way with stick burners, it's very evident to me that this group hasn't quite figured out what BBQ is and how to make it properly.I think my biggest question is to the Yelpers who have given this place such high praise. Is it the chicken wings that make That BBQ Joint awesome? Or the mac and cheese balls? Because it definitely isn't the BBQ.
1	Stopped here with a friend recently, and was extremely disappointed based on some of the reviews singing the praises of That BBQ Joint.  Ordered both the ribs and pulled pork, and wouldn't ever order either again.  The pork was flavorless, and while pork shoulder will never match up with something like brisket for flavor, past experience has shown me that pulled pork can be quite tasty in its own right.  Even the pieces that had a bit of bark on them lacked any sort of real flavor.The ribs, meanwhile, were barely edible.  There was no trace of a smoke ring or bark on them at all.  Instead, they were chewy, clung to the bone with awful resolve, and didn't have any flavor either.All in all, the meal was a big let down, especially after the positive reviews from others.  For now, at least, Smoky John's remains the lone bastion of good BBQ in the Madison area.
