4	I've been looking forward to this store since I heard rumor they were coming to Phoenix.  After several visits I'm left with the impression that they could do away with a good 1/2 of the store. It's a 3.6 star spot that I really thing will improve even more - thus the 4 star rating.  What I love - 1) The Fresh.  I love their produce section.  Bagged lettuce to fresh herbs to fruit salad to jicama.  I wanted to hate the waste created by separate plastic containers for every pair of pears.  But I love it.  Makes self check out a freaking breeze, and they all look magazine quality perfect.  Besides, most folks still use plastic bags for their produce, and since F&E's plastic boxes are recyclable, I feel a smidge better - a smidge.2) The Easy - Their pre-made foods look REALLY good!  And they are all priced pretty darn well too (Except the chocolate mouse, which seemed pretty high).  Now, as a calorie conscious gal, I haven't tried any of it.  But several of the things have been eaten in my house and really enjoyed.  Their gigantic burritos in particular have been considered quite the value as they are 2 meals big for just a couple bucks.  3) The testing station.  Try our chips.  Try our cookies.  Try our linguini alfredo.  Wow.  They stole this great idea from Trader Joe's in my opinion, but it was an awesome steal.  What I don't love1) Why do they even bother selling some of this stuff.  Shampoo?  Really?  I suppose it's a nice pick up if that's the ONLY other thing you need at the store, but here it just seems "off".  2) Most grocery stores I love to walk up and down each aisle.  We did that the first few times at F&E, but they gave up.  It just doesn't feel right.  I can't even tell you why.  It's like after the first 3 aisles, they just kinda gave up.  Or maybe the light gets dim?  I can't put my finger on it, but I'm a girl who loves grocery shopping and nothing over there inspires me.  Just weird.I have lots of great things to say about the place. I love how their warehouse in California is so eco-friendly - and how some of that translates to the local stores as well.   I love running by on the way home and grabbing some fresh veggies for dinner.  We've had great successes with their fruit, veggies, pre-made food, bakery and even their meat (though a few thought it's wasn't a particularly good cut of roast, I'm willing to let that go for now).  And their coupons are great.  But I gotta tell ya - I carried their $5 off $30 or more coupon in my purse for a month and I was never inspired to spend quite that much at a time.  I love that it's here.  I love that it's an option.  But there is still some growing room for sure.  Worth a visit, just set your expectations accordingly.
5	I'll admit it, I have a strange obsession when it comes to yogurt. This all stems from a time when I was in Paris, went to a HUGE underground grocery store and found some yogurt that was divine. I've never been able to find it since. This might have to do with the fact that I scarfed it down while walking on the street, threw it away, and then realized how good it was--without memorizing the brand name. Fresh and Easy has a yogurt that is as good as the kind I ate overseas. This shouldn't surprise me, as this is owned by an overseas company (the British conglomerate Tesco owns the chain) and it's a very, very good thing these are opening up in Phoenix. Think Trader Joe's prices, with a bunch of really well designed (packaging-wise) and tasty items, where almost everything is organic. The meat...I splurged and bought some filet mignon and it was quite possibly some of the best filet I've purchased in Phoenix. Pricey, but good. The spring rolls? The wrapper was fantastic, so light and crispy. The vegetables crunchy and fresh tasting. They have an excellent selection of all of the things I enjoy looking at  and buying. I'm not a "buy rice in a 10lb. bag and soak my own pinto beans" type of girl. Lots of convenience foods, prepared items, great breads, desserts, etc. It's quite compact, like an overseas or urban grocery store. Everything you need (one-stop), just less of it. I went to one of the few locations that are open at this point, on Baseline and 19th Avenue. Many more are to come.
5	I'd been anticipating Tesco's new concept entering the Phoenix area for quite a while and after visiting for the first time, I'm unabashedly hooked.  I will not likely shop at any other place for groceries -- as the produce is gorgeous, their meat is proportioned into perfect dinner servings, their selection of national, name-brand products are concise but available, and their wine is CHEAP.  Those are all the makings of a perfect grocery experience, especially since i'm spending about 1/3 to  1/2 of what i would spend on a typical grocery trip to Safeway or Trader Joes.Did i mention that their wine is CHEAP?!  The Recoleta Malbec is FOUR FREAKING DOLLARS!  I buy 5 at a time to last the whole week ;-)I also recommend their artichokes, which are jumbo sized and quite unavailable in the same proportions at Safeway or TJs.  And, as i mentioned before their presentation on all of the fresh produce makes you want to stock up on EVERYTHING, and at farmer's market prices.  It really is amazing, this store.  Good selection of seafood and other meats.  I particularly enjoy their pork chops, and i bought 1.5 lbs of top sirloin the other day to cut up into kabobs for about $8.  All your basic needs are present here, and they have a nice selection of everything you need, from name-brand to Tesco's own Fresh & Easy brand as a generic (but still quality).  As I mentioned already, I won't do my grocery shopping anywhere else, other than to pick up a few random items (beer, breakfast cereal, water -- because F&E's selection is poor) at Safeway.
4	the things I liked:the cart. it was much smaller than a regular shopping cart, but somehow our  baby carrier fit in it with-wise. * Update ( they got rid of the small carts.)You can fill it up and not spend $300. This has happened to me before at Fry's, and its a bummer.Since they are new, they are the cleanest they will ever be. I have a huge dirty cart handle issue. F&E like most grocery stores have the disinfectant wipes but that grosses me out more for some reason.the steering on the carts was easy like ikea's carts with out the crazy hydroplane maneuver.The food.Everything F&E brand had very minimal marketing on the packaging which made me feel like i was purchasing it for the quality of food, not how nice the fake prepared image on the front looked. I have yet to taste it though, ill update when I do. * Update (Prepared food is kinda hit or miss)They have only 1 or maybe 2 brands of the same exact item which makes decisions easy, either you want it or don't, no comparing labels and whatnot. which makes you end up buying less stuff.It also makes for a shorter trip to the grocery store. No more putting off going to the market. Even though I have managed to make myself only shop the outside of the gigantic grocery stores (Produce, meat, dairy bakery) it still takes a long time to trek through the store.Last grabs.If you needed  they have a small pharmacy aisle grocery brand pet food, and baby care/household aisle. shampoo.... whatever.One of these things is not like the other...so the chip aisle has F&E brand chips and cookies and all nicely packaged and then at the end were flaming hot Cheeto's? maybe thats the part where they sell local goods. frito-lay is the best we have?They do not take American express and watch out for the fine print on the coupons. * Update ( They now accept AMEX)$.Somethings cost much less than at normal markets, and some were the exact same. they also discount Items that are close to their expiration, so you can go ahead and grab that milk instead of pulling 3 out looking for the latest expiration. same thing with baked goods, meat products and produce.you will definitely see me there again.
3	I've only been here twice. The first time I went was just to be nosey. lol! I went in and I liked how everyone was friendly and I went through the produce and I loved their selection!They had many things that can't be found in the Southside! I'm sorry but Food City doesn't carry fingerling potatos! So I knew I was happy and in love! I wanted everything especially the fresh herbs and spices! :) I walked around in the store a lil bit and was in awe of the things that are simply not available in this neighborhood since the farmstands were bulldozzed to make way for all the hideous new housing in the Laveen area. YES that's RIGHT u new Laveeners... u all complain about how there's no fresh produce in this area... it's because all the farms were cleared to make your house!! Grrr... anyway - I really like this place and would totally go back.
5	I know that there has been a lot of controversy surrounding Fresh and Easy and whether it's really as "Fresh and Easy," environmentally friendly, or as organic as it bills itself to be. I'll leave that whole discussion for the talk threads and just focus on why, from a shopping and eating perspective, I absolutely love this market. First of all, because my husband and I love food so much, we tend to eat out and crave restaurant dining more than we should to be friendly on the wallets and our waistlines. Because Fresh and Easy has such a variety of good-quality frozen and pre-prepared options that can easily be combined to create a meal, I'm a lot happier eating at home and the total price is much less than we would pay going out. As an example, we combined their refrigerated vegetable samosas ($3.99) with their frozen paneer meal ($3.99; also comes with rice and green beans) and some naan ($3.99) and had a delicious, easy Indian meal for about $6/person. The other thing I love about this place is how, unlike at Trader Joe's, certain gourmet or more exotic ingredients are staples, and not special buys for a specified time period.  Before moving to Phoenix, my husband and I made Trader Joe's our gourmet market of choice, but would get very frustrated if we went there to get dinner supplies and found everything but basil and fresh thyme and had to make another stop. At Fresh and Easy, however, things like creme fraiche, Thai garlic & chili sauce, and herbs stay in stock so you can do all of your shopping for a recipe in one place. And then, there's just the deliciousness factor - many things I've randomly tried - red pepper hummus, pre-prepared flan, espresso fudge ice cream, and fresh grapefruit juice - have just been that - delicious. It's wonderful to feel that grocery shopping can tantalize you just as much as trying a new restaurant. Of course, I don't think that F&E would be as wonderful if it weren't right on 19th Ave. and Baseline, four minutes from my house. And I still LOVE Whole Foods. But I find F&E much more exciting and enjoyable of a shopping experience than a regular market or Trader Joe's.
3	I am torn on Fresh and EasyIn the spirit of Kristin C, here are my like and dislikesLikesGreat wine selections, and most are very cheapFresh and diverse deli carrying everything from carne burritos to chicken tikka masalaExcellent meat and produce, although a little on the pricey side (unless you get the clearance items) and there is a lack of consistency in the items they carryFantastic discount items - If you're looking to make a meal that night you can buy items that are about to expire (for example a whole seasoned chicken for $3 - wow)Yummy desserts, their tiramisu is to die for~!Awesome oils and seasoningsDislikesVery small selection, last time I was there I looked for stuffing, triscuits, cantelope and any veggie or morning star veggie products, various cleanings supplies.. they carried none of this. Imagine driving there, only to have to get back in your hot ass car and take a treck to Safeway (annoying)!A lot of the F&E brand are not high quality (do not even compare to TJ's) macaroni and cheese was gross, bread expired in a day and tasted stale begin with Peanut butter pretzels should lay down and let TJ's peanut butter pretzels walk over them.Overall it is a good store when you want things as the sign says "Fresh and Easy".. Don't try to do major grocery shopping there or stock up your fridge for Thanksgiving, or buy all your hygene products.. But if you just need to run in and grab dinner or a snack it'll do. If it wasn't within 3 miles of my house it would probably only get 2 stars..
3	Fresh & Easy is about as fresh and easy as a 40-year-old bar slut. That is, quite easy. But fresh? Not so much.If you've ever bought groceries in the UK, you might be deceived at first -- Fresh & Easy LOOKS just like a Tesco or a Sainsbury's. Which isn't surprising; after all, the chain is owned by Tesco.But there's one key difference: UK standards are so much fucking higher than this shit. Par exemplar: moldy strawberries, dented and sticky gelato containers, wilted prepackaged lettuce, incompetent clerks (seriously, if I bring my own canvas bags, why the fuck would you put groceries in a plastic bag, then put the plastic in the canvas???)I've only been grocery shopping in the UK a handful of times, but everything was always good quality and fresh. After two trips to Fresh & Easy, I'm feeling as if the Brits thought they could import their packaging and design, but leave the good stuff behind. No thanks. It ain't all bad, though, F&E. We can still chill when I don't feel like driving to Trader Joe's and I want some Dutch cheese and booze. I like your low shelves. I like your small size. I like your bakery and imported cheeses. Most of all, of course, I like your cheap, cheap wines. But at the end of the day, you're no classy Old World beauty. You're Eurotrash. And you're starting to rot.
5	love this store.  i thought one of the reviews below was way harsh.  given, SOME of the food might be old, you usually find that in the 50% off section.  when living in midtown, i switched from safeway to F&E on 7th ave and indian school and never looked back.  every meat or fish i've ever purchased from there was great.  produce is always fresh and crisp.  jalapenos are really hot which i love!  good wine and beer selection at affordable pricing.  wish there was one in laveen, where i now reside.  19th ave and baseline is a bit far of a travel from 51st ave so i've gone back to safeway shopping.  cant wait til they open one a little further west in south phx!
1	The store was dirty, One thing I was looking for that they didn't have any of was Customer Service. All automated checkouts. Poor selection of national brands.Shopping carts needed a good cleaning.
4	You know this place is getting more Americanized all the time. After living in the UK it was a fresh respite from the droll drum grocery stores here. They are carrying more US brand foods but keep that UK flavor. As a real nice addition the bakery is a welcome taste. This store is a welcomed addition to our neighborhood.
5	I adore this place. It's a true change from the usual grocery stores. Beautiful environment, energy efficient lighting, helpful and friendly staff.. And that's not even beginning on the food...F&E has their own line of nearly everything, and I have found their foods to be superior to the big name brands. AND they do not use any fake preservatives corn syrup, or artificial dyes in their foods. I also love that they make many of the take home meals in different sizes. The smaller size is perfect for a two person meal, but they still carry larger family sized dishes as well. The produce selection is incredible for how small the store is compared to like, Frys. I've found the fruits and veggies are always nice and ripe or fresh and are available in convenient packages. They also have an awe-inspiring selection when it comes to cheese. I'm not a cheese-head at all. The "craziest" I go is fresh mozzerella for caprese salads. But I still like to oogle all the specialty cheeses they have available. F&E carries a good assortment of things. Surprisingly they carry lots of different ethnic foods and it's fun to try out different things I see here that I would typically never run into in a "normal" grocery store. I'm in F&E at baseline and 19th several times a week and will continue going.
5	Food is always fresh great customer service.. Mark down section is great if you can get it at the right time
4	Tonight was my first visit for Fresh & Easy and I know it won't be my last. I was surprised at the amazing prices on some things. Of course other things were higher priced than at a regular grocery store, but it's close to my house and that alone is worth the visit.The store itself was clean and well stocked with a large variety of products including all the regulars. From what I saw it appeared that there were great prices on the meat as well. Very happy to have this in my neighborhood!
5	Love this place....
4	I love Fresh & Easy.I would say that I am here on a regular basis.  Granted, this is because it is the only location in the surrounding area as far as finding a store.That being said, I enjoy coming here because it is decently laid out and isn't overly expensive.  Some of the stuff here is cheaper than Fry's.  The produce is decent, the cheeses and meats are great and the hummus is tasty too.  Granted, they do not have a huge selection when it comes to toiletries and those types of things but in all reality I don't come here to buy those things anyway.They have a great setup for meals to go depending on what you are in the mood for and how hungry you are.  The selection is also relatively healthy.  I also love the fact that they have a clearance section.  You can come in and peruse items that are expiring that day and purchase them at a discount.  This is an interesting way to try and find something last minute for dinner if you aren't sure what to eat.  I like that they do this because many stores simply throw stuff like that away.I will definitely continue to come here in the future.  The staff is always friendly (in my experience) and I have not had any issues to speak of.
3	I like this place.  I like it for what it is and the functional convenience it provides. This particular location is right down the hill from our home and it's SUPER convenient for fast pickups.  I like their small, fresh feel - Especially on their baked goods and their (believe it or not) fresh guacamole and salsa!  The only tip on those is to eat it within a couple of days of opening because they turn quickly since there are no preservatives in them. Overall, while I find some of their stuff overpriced and some of their produce to turn too quickly, I find them to be a great little "run-in" store that is very handy when needed.
5	The BEST market EVER! The strawberry lemonade is BANGIN. The prices are so good and the variety makes your mouth water. Love how fast the checkout is, i dont think ive ever had to wait in line.
5	I love FE!!! This is my go to spot for almost all of my grocery needs!! I love the produce section, even though its a lil on the expensive side, but you can always find organic! I adore the premade meals too, which is so convenient for me and my fam on those nights I don't feel like cooking. Plus, its good to be able to read and understand the ingredients on the packaging!  The wine section isn't shabby either. This is the ONLY place where I will buy my Malbec....and the price is nice too. I can be finicky about my wine too so this hits the spot and tames the beast. They also sell my staples, quinoa, olive oil, nuts, coconut water, just to name a few. I am so glad this location is here to stay. ...FE is my spot and always will be.....
5	They have baking fresh bread everyday. They put bake date on the bread (not expired date like others do :) ).
5	I love the sale items that go out at 11 & 2pm daily.I like this chain for a variety of reasons:1. They have a nice selection of prepared foods. You know how sometimes you just want to try something new, but are not sure if you will really L.I.K.E. it? And how the serving size is huge? I really appreciate that in most cases, the serving size is for two or three. That really works for my and my small family.2. I also love shopping here because the variety is ALWAYS there...5 types of lettuces, 4 types of tomatoes, 7 types of prepared salad dressings...you get the idea.3. Truly a good selection of variety of flavors is always available. I mean I can buy Indian bread (naan), English sponge pudding (Spotted Dick---not that I would ever eat it...Google it), Chinese soups, vegetarian meals, etc.And the people are very helpful and give me the excellent customer service I want and deserve. I enjoin my shopping experience with them, always.I updated my review to 4 stars because they are open at 6AM now! Suweeet!!
5	I frankly hate going into grocery stores.  I lose my patience with shopping very quickly so it's tough for me to tolerate a lengthy visit to a grocery store to pick up a month's worth of food.  This place is 5 minutes from my house, and I've found that I can get in and out in 15 minutes, therefore I shop here a lot.  Quick, easy and painless.  Yes, I have to go more frequently, because I get only 2 or 3 days worth of grub, but IMHO it's a great concept and I'm a fan.
5	Title really does say it all. Easy parking, easy shopping and fresh food. I love coming into this location as it is on my way home coming down baseline. This store is not mention for you to go full on grocery shopping as they are too expensive. Now they are open 24hours which is even better. I just wish those prices would drop a bit.
4	Always clean and everyone is always extremely friendly. There are new prepared meals that are amazing! I love being able to get healthy options for "quick" food. I wish the fruit and vegetables selection was larger. With options for me to choose single items rather than having to purchase a pack of that item.
4	They're opened 24/7 and they have my favorite and most difficult to find coconut water!!!
4	Ok, I just want to take the whole pastry case home with me. I've never had anything bad her. Their cannolis and gelato are so amazing! I always visit here when in town.
4	I do at least 90% of my grocery shopping here, and this insomniac is thrilled that they are open 24/7. My husband and I love their produce, including heirloom tomatoes, Brussels sprouts on the stalk, and fresh potted herbs. Their international foods aisle has some fun items that we've enjoyed trying. Their house brand products are often fantastic, the California olive oil, aged balsamic vinegar, sorbets and gelatos, and their in-house baked breads to name a few of our favorites. Hubby is also *obsessed* with their Sweet Fire Pizza. When the next closest "grocery store" is Wal-Mart, I am very grateful that corporate decided not to close this branch. It's a much needed source of fresh and quality food in the Laveen area.
