4	I actually found this while trying to find the now defunct Maggie Moos on Warner near Val Vista.  During my quest I found this little place.  I thought that it was a cute little place.  The yogurt is pretty good.  I had the Heath bar with Heath bar topping.  I think that the vanilla yogurt my friend had was better. My daughter got boysenberry, and it was pretty good too. The topping selection was OK.  Wishing that they had more fresh fruit topping selections. All in all, a nice little place that I think that I'd go to again.
5	I adore this frozen yogurt chain.  Luckily, my dad also loves frozen yogurt, and always used to take me for it when I was little.  He was more than happy to treat me to some peanut butter yogurt when I was in town visiting them recently.  There's a branch near my in-laws, as well, so if they ever get around to opening near me, I might never ever be able to travel again.
3	This place is basically a low rent TCBY. Its good for what it is. The place is small and was pretty filthy when we went. It gets crowded really easily.  They do not have a great selection on toppings and every time I have gone my cup has been handed to me messy and dripping. It seems like they can not keep the toppings in the cup. As taste goes, it is fine. Nothing special. I would go back but there are so many other places I would go before Golden Spoon.
5	Most of the flavors are fat free, but they don't taste like it! :) This is by far the best softserve frozen yogurt I have ever had (fat free or not!).  They give you huge servings - bigger than they are supposed to be (unless you are unlucky enough to go when the manager is serving). I only know this because I have on occassion taken mine to go and weigh them for my diet  (they have nutritional info which is great!)  Getting this as a treat really encourages me to stay on track.  But don't be fooled, it's so great that even when I am not on track I still go there ;) They have a ton of flavors to choose from.The place can get crowded at times, and you need one of the 2 low tables for a highchair to fit (my son loves it just as much as icecream).  It can get dirty and the teenage girls who work there are usually busy flirting with their boyfriends who come see them at work. That doesn't really bother me because I LOVE the yogurt too much to worry about things like that.  The only downfall I find is that the price is a bit steep so I had to cut back on going there several times a week. If you sign up for their birthday club you get some nice coupons in your email though ;)
5	I just moved here from Southern California so I am BEYOND thrilled to see a favorite here!! :-) Great selection, great prices... Can't beat Golden Spoon!! Just wish there was one closer to San Tan Valley/Queen Creek so I could visit more often!
5	Go on Sunday!  Really nice person to serve you super good yogurt !
1	Bah Humbug!  I signed up for their email newsletter and received a coupon from them (buy 1 get 1 free). I took my daughter here for a fro-yo treat...what a mistake.  I showed the employee the email/coupon on my smart phone and asked if we could use it.  She said no and that we would have to print it out. (really?? get with the technology). Anyway, I told her that my daughter would like a small chocolate frozen yogurt in a cone.  The employee made that and passed it to my daughter.  My daughter replied with 'Thank you. Can I please have sprinkles on it'? The employee said 'No, sorry, but sprinkles are too messy on a cone. I can put them on the side though, in a little cup.' Who says no to sprinkles because they are too messy?? Scrooge! There are too many other fro-yo places that offer better customer service.  I'll be going to them next time.
1	Wow this place has gone downhill and fast. It was so dirty that my feet stuck to the floor when we entered. All of the tables were dirty, there was candy on the floor, the garbage was overflowing, really disgusting. We left and will never go back. Really not missing it because they never have any different flavors just vanilla, chocolate and chocolate malt.  Many other yogurt options around, nothing special here anyway.
1	So sad. I love golden spoon. I don't live near one and I am so happy when I am near one. However I well not go back to this location anymore. With the toppings they don't put any on the bottom, the other locations still do this at no extra charge. When they swirl the yogurt they do so that you have a huge hole in the middle. I've had this happen to me the last few times. After this I've still continued to go back but no more. This time I had very little topping and it was half melted before she even put the lid on it. It had melted and made a mess before she could even make my husbands yogurt. Once we took our 1st bite we each noticed that again the center was nothing but air. For $5 each I would like more then air. So sad. I'll go out of my way to go to the Mesa location when I am craving frozen yogurt.
1	Been coming to this location for years.  Gone down hill.  They no longer give you the same amount of toppings anymore.  Teenage boy behind counter was not friendly and the place is filthy.  Tabletops look like they were wiped wit a super dirty rag along with a dirty counter and floor.  No more small cup size either.  You have only the choice of mini, regular or large.  Next time we'll go to Ocean Blue in Dana Park.
1	This place has really gone down hill. With all the new self serve shops opening up it's obvious it's taken a toll on their business. Under staffed and as of late they never have any good flavors and usually a few yogurt machines are down. We've stopped coming here and now go to Yogurtland at Dana Park.
2	I'm torn with giving this place two or three stars, but I'm going to go with two. I really enjoy the yogurt, but here are a few reasons as to why I'm going with two. The good: I love their yogurt, especially their peanut butter yogurt. They pile it on high and the toppings are delicious too! They put them on the bottom of your cup as well as on the sides. The bad: It's a bit overpriced considering that there are tons of self-service yogurt places. How are they supposed to stay in business if they can't compete with the prices of other yogurt places? I will have to make a special drive or just go there if I'm out that way because the closest one to me is miles away. They seem to be closing them up around the valley and very few are open and unfortunately  I don't live by one. The inside was a bit dirty and it was empty.
1	I assumed that this was going to be a typical froyo place like Yogurtland or Pink Berry but there was not a fresh topping to be found. The only choices were different types of chocolate toppings, sprinkles, coconut, or nuts in some type of gooey sauce. Where are the fresh strawberries, blueberries, black berries, mangos, bananas etc? If I wanted frozen yogurt with hot fudge and crushed peanuts I would have gone to McD's. Very disappointing.
3	Good yogurt but this place is really dirty.
