5	Dr Phil Wall is by far the best doctor I have met in a  very long time. His facility is amazing and so state of the art.Dr. Wall is low key, very thorough and compassionate.  I am so thrilled to have met him and be being treated.Thank you Doctor!!
2	Although I did request to meet Dr Wall who seemed nice I ended up being scheduled for a venagram. I had to go in the back where you wait on a bed behind curtains.. they were busy with people waiting in line for a dr you never meet which was not dr. wall , i got poked in the hand to insert catheter which was not done correctly then to my arm and tried to get an understanding of what this procedure is about and did not receive anything clear overall really bad service.. I was treated like a number and their patient care was really bad there.  So I was told I needed n ovarian embolization so when I came in nervous because of their previous lack of care service I still had no idea of who the dr was and no clear explanations plus same rude girls working there. I was so uncomfortable that I ended up leaving. would not recommend truly just a number
5	I have been dealing with budging vein, lower leg and ankle swelling issues for a few months before I realized that it was not resolving on its own. I am a nurse that works crazy long hours and I'm 41 years old so I thought I am too young for this right? Well I learned that is not the case.  I'm in good shape, not overweight, no medical history so what could be wrong right? Well I have greater saphenous vein reflux I guess you call it and anyone can get it being sedentary OR standing quite a bit. I am a floor nurse (14 years)  and I run a lot but this did not help nor hurt my situation. After two months of swelling, serious vein distinction and a very obvious swelling in my lower leg I decided to get some help. As soon as I googled my issue I came upon a website with Dr Oz. I LOVE Dr Oz so I payed attention, called the facility and the very next day I was in the office being seen by an amazing, sweet, and caring Nurse Practitioner who listened and made me feel like I was important. I set up my appointment with the ultrasound tech ( he is awesome) and in less then 10 days I had my procedure scheduled.  I chose general sedation for my own reasons and the day I arrived was so good, so professional and well organized that even as nurse, I was very impressed. The anesthesiologist was so so great that still, to this day I want to hug him!!!! I went into surgery talking and nervous, and woke up just amazed that it was done and I felt nothing. I went home that day, never had pain or discount (as promised) and less then 10 days later I feel 100% better. My swelling is nearly resolved, ( 2 years I have had swelling with an unknown reason, accounting it for my profession) I have no more 'tight' ankle feeling and I have one tiny puncture mark that looks like it will fade to nothing but a memory. I  am so pleased and after my follow-up everything looks great. I cannot recommend this center enough to anyone experiencing my symptoms. No more vein bulging, swelling or tightness in my leg/ankle. Thank you AZ Vascular Center, thank you Dr Oz for recognizing how great this treatment and facility is. I am very excited to recommend this facility, procedure and most importantly this staff of excellent people that figured out how to provide a service ( with customer service) that is simply very rare in this day and age.
1	All I wanted was to see if my insurance was accepted. I was on hold FOREVER and when they finally came on the line they asked for my name and number because their call volume was too high. Way to make me feel like a valued customer :( 30 minutes wasted....
5	To me, it's not the mistake that's important, it's how it gets taken care of. AZ vascular has gone out of their way to make sure I get in and answered all of my questions! They apologized for the poor customer service with the call center and have more than made up for it. I have an appointment next Thursday and can hardly wait. Will update :)
5	I went in and the staff is wonderful! The Doctor, PA, and Ultrasound Tech were absolutely amazing! I think they even stayed a little late the day of my appointment to make sure I was taken care of. I can't wait to go back and get my treatment :)
3	I called yesterday morning to make a consultation appointment. A call center answers all calls and said I should expect a call back shortly to schedule my appointment. I waited and waited and never received a call back. Frustrated I found another office who I called directly and made an appointment. When I finally received a call back (a day later) I politely told the woman that I had gone elsewhere since I never got a call to schedule, she hung up on me. I am happy I chose to go elsewhere. It's hard for me to understand why you can't call the office directly to schedule an appointment.
5	After more than a year of throbbing pain in my ankles and feet I went to AZ Vein and Vascular and was diagnosed with vein insufficiency and had my saphenous veins treated with the laser.  The entire process from initial consultation to the treatment and followup ultrasounds was very good.  Initially I was apprehensive but their team put me at ease every step of the way.  All very professional.  I'm about two months out from the treatments and my legs feel AMAZING.  There is an occasional feeling of healing but I'm walking around now not even noticing my legs!!  I'm a busy teacher so I can't be uncomfortable and in pain!  I'm very pleased with the results at this point and highly recommend Arizona Vein and Vascular.
