5	I've def. been overdue for an eye exam and decided to come see Dr. Toan Ha @ Summerlin Optometric Eye Care because my auntie-in-law referred me.I was immediately greeted with friendly smiles from the receptionist and optometry tech as I walked into the office with no appointment.  Fortunately there was no wait time and I was immediately seen.Dr. Ha was very personable and knowledgeable.  He was very thorough with my eye exam and answered all of my questions.  I love the fact that I felt as if he spent extra time with me to ensure my prescription was comfortable since I was not 100% sure about the prescription.  From the nice office to pleasant and friendly office staff to a personable and knowledgeable doctor.....I highly recommend this office :) Can't wait to get my new prescription glasses ;)
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, Dr. Ha booked a last minute appt for me and my friend.  They stayed open after hours and the staff was Awesome! I highly recommend...and I'm coming from California! Great Job! Keep up the good work!
5	I had some irritation in one of my eyes during a holiday weekend and Dr. Ha was immediately able to see me. He was very friendly, professional and thorough in his examination. Very nice staff and modern office, I would highly recommend seeing him for your eye care needs!
5	Dr. Ha is super friendly and super helpful. Def a very patient person with his patients. I was very pleased with his service and have recommended him to some friends and co workers when there ready to update there prescriptions or get there  eyes checked. I was LONG overdue and it just so happens i was sun glass shopping in there store next door and just happened to notice his small office and figured ide look into it. I read good things on yelp about his office so i made an appointment and now its my turn to add the the good reviews.
5	I love this office, Dr, and staff!  Dr. Ha is personable and great at explaining the condition of my eyes.  While waiting for our turn, the receptionist was very friendly and when we had multiple questions about our insurance, she worked over the numbers for us multiple times helping us make the most of our benefits.  The office itself is also beautiful in Tivoli Village and it is quite convenient having business hours on the weekend when my husband can actually get away from work to see the Dr.  It is nice that we can go to Farmers' Market and have a bite to eat while there.  (Or go shopping!!)
5	Dr. Ha  has been my optometrist for the past 5 yrs.  Living in Santa Barbara, I find myself traveling to Las Vegas a few times a year for both work and pleasure, and to date, I still schedule with Dr. Ha for my annual eye exam when necessary.  He is very personal and always takes the time to answer all my questions without making me feel rushed.  His new practice is one of the cleanest and most elegant offices I have been to.  Summerlin carries a great selection of glasses frames and he has prescribed me the latest in innovative contact lenses as I do suffer from drier than normal eyes.  He even allowed me to trial 3 different lenses types until I found the one that fit me best that accommodated for my dry eyes! Parking is easy, and the Tivolli Village where practice is located is Breathtaking! Feels like I'm in Rome. Highly recommended and please tell him the Yelp King of Santa Barbara sent ya!
