5	Fabulous family owned cafe within the Scottsdale Spectrum office complex on Scottsdale Rd. between Indian Bend and Lincoln. They opened this location about 8 years ago and they know all of their customers by name! Even after your first visit, they will remember you and know your name! I don't know how they do it!  I love their breakfast, they make the bacon perfect and crispy! Lunch specials vary by day and always consistently good. Mary Ellen bakes the most amazing cupcakes and cookies and coffee cakes. I have so many favorite cupcakes, but two of my all time faves are her red velvet, melts in your mouth and the newly created peanut butter chocolate. Has half a mini reeces peanut butter cup on top...mmmmm! Please stop in and support your local business! You will be so glad you did! I always leave there laughing!
2	Hit and miss - sometimes it's good; other times not so good.  Everything is microwaved except for the grilled sandwiches and wraps.  The bread is standard grocery bread - dry, tasteless.  The baked goods are pretty decent -especially the coffee cake.
5	Mary Ellen and Tom really know what the true definition of an exceptional product and customer service is all about!  I just received a delicious 'Daybreak Coffee Cake' from Mary Ellen and it is to die for!  So moist and delicious.  She went out of her way to deliver the products to me for my clients!  All I can say is Wow!!!
5	great food, great service, can't ask for anything more.
3	First of all, you have to realize that this is a very small cafe inside a corporate office complex. You order at the counter, and then your food is delivered to you, while you wait at 1 of about 10 seats available inside. It's definitely not fancy, but as others have mentioned, the staff is very cheerful and friendly.We had a party of 7, and didn't realize that this would not be a very good place for such a large group. It really caters more to the parties of 1 or 2 that were coming in for lunch while working at the complex.However, if you do realize the caveats, you can get some pretty good fare here, though I wasn't blown away by anything our party ordered.
