4	Flame Kabob is en fuego!!The new Spring Valley location of Flame Kabob doesn't disappoint.  The interior is outfitted in brick, lusciously hand-painted ethereal wisps of detail, and a few beautiful oil paintings in regal brass frames.  It's bright, clean, and refreshing, much like the flavors you'll find in the authentic Persian cuisine.I went with the Schawarma (beef and lamb).  It came wrapped in a wonderful Taftoon Bread (Persian pita, but better)  The bread was rolled out from the dough, and cooked in a clay oven right before my eyes.  Cue the 70's porn music...(bow-chicka-bow-wow!)  Also accompanying this huge Persian pleasure feast was some tomato, seasoned onion, lettuce, Tahini, fresh hummus, and dolmeh.  Dolmeh is Persian Dolmades for those of you familiar with Greek food.  It is a grape leaves stuffed with rice, onion, oil, saffron, and other fantastic flavors I couldn't figure out.  I finished this one, and immediately regretted not ordering more.  It was as satisfying as pizza rolls were when you were 12, or pizza rolls now if you're a kid at heart.  The schawarma itself was light in flavor, yet filling.  I had trouble finishing the meal and I was starving.  Notes of lemon, good olive oil, and the lamb and beef danced around beautifully with each bite I took.  I tried it with both the hummus and the tahini, but honestly, neither were needed, the flavor profile was perfect.  I would recommend ordering an extra side of the Taftoon Bread and dip your face off (nicholas cage movie reference anyone?)  This is a family run vacation from the greasy, typical, and always disappointing.  I feel bad even using these words in the review, this place is great and you need to get your Perzh-on!
4	Got a to-go order today. I got the #4, Tenderloin Beef Shish Kabob. The kabob was flavorful and really hit the spot. The food was great! The food is also halal (muslim kosher). Awesome that they have a location on West Side of town now. The interior is immaculate and the food prep area is set up so that you can watch what is going on. They are offering a coupon for a free kabob (ground beef only ) with the purchase of any entree. The coupon expires on 4/30/2011 is is for dine in only. Will definitely be frequenting this place on an on-going basis.
1	I tried there 2 kabob special 1 lamb 1 beef it was the worst I ever had the rice even taste horrible first time in my life I threw away that much food. It wasn't even worth taking home . Don't eat there
3	Good but far from Great.Not sure if it's the Persian style but the food here just doesnt compare to my usual middle eastern eateries.On the plus side the Hummus is quite possibly the BEST HUMMUS i've ever had. If i could i would buy a 16oz drink cup size of it and suck it through a straw.The number 13 Shredded Beef and Lamb specialty plate is reasonably priced at 8.99, one of the few lamb dishes to remain the same cost from the to go menu to the main board. On the side you get a small mixed green salad, a wedge of lemon, a glop of hummus (soo good..), a dolmeh, a small container of yogurt with cucumber sauce, and your...i guess it was a wrap. The dolmeh was good but when paired with the yogurt sauce whoa that was something. The wrap itself left something to be desired. I did enjoy the taftoon bread, it had a nice freshness to it and was different from the pita i'm used to. The meat was seasoned a little too well. Near the end of my meal i could hardly recall if there was any lamb in it seeing as the spices were so heavy it masked any individual taste of the meat itself. What little hummus and cucumber yogurt i had left were thrown on the wrap and it did improve the taste. Toward the end i reached for a bottle of franks red hot to liven things up a bit. Also ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro.I missed the lunch special by an hour so instead of 3.99 for gyro only i had to pay the standard price for the entire meal. Not really a problem.Ali at Kebab Korner has spoiled me. Even when he tried to singe my taste buds by making his famous super gyro 'burn my ass' (his actual words to his staff "one super gyro, super spicy! BURN HIS ASS!!') with it's level of spiciness it just made me want more.This gyro is extremely mellow, the meat was a bit dry and inside covered with yogurt cucumber sauce. It was good but it to me it just tasted shallow and empty compared to Kebab Korner.Being considerably closer than Kebab Korner i might consider coming back a few time to take advantage of the lunch specials.
