5	Vic took good care of me. I just needed the small rear windows on my extend cab truck done. Was very affordable and done really quickly. I've since got a new car and will be bringing it back to Vic.
5	Great prices on tinting, took my car here a few months ago and the tint came out great. Will be bringing my other car here for some new tint in a few weeks. Kinda hidden so look for the sign off bell road.
5	One of those great, unheard of small businesses where they take care of you, the customer and stand by their work, Vic started with one of my cars, and I ended up so impressed with his work, flexibility and standards, that I had all 4 of my vehicles done there, even trusting him with my brand new 2012 Grand Cherokee which he did a great job on.  Only had one little window problem where the film wanted to peel back and he immediately got it in and took care of the problem with no questions asked and no charge.Great prices (and I did shop around)  but most importantly, great service and attitude.  Behind the Tire Place on Bell, easy to miss it but they are back there and you will be happy with their work.
5	Took our 2013 Subaru Outback to have driver & passenger windows tinted to match the rear windows deep tint. Arrived at appointment time and right in.  Victor explained the various tint options, etc and got right to it.  We were on our way in about 30 minuets with a perfect match!  Excellent workmanship and professional service.  Highly recommend!
5	We just got done having two cars done here. This is an outstanding business. He does excellent work for a very reasonable price. His attention to detail is great. More than willing to work with our schedule. I would not hesitate to recommend or return to have other vehicles done. Vic is the best and a pleasure to do business with. Thanks.
5	Barbara O.Being new to Arizona, I had no idea where to take my car for window tinting.  So I did some research and chose this place.  I was not disappointed!! The customer service and quality of work as well as affordability was the best.  From my initial phone call to the completion of the work, I felt very comfortable especially as a woman not liking to deal with car stuff!  This guy has been in the business for 30 years (15 at this location) and knows his business.  Definitely a 5 star recommendation!!
5	This guy is an artist.  He tells me he's been doing this for 30 years and it shows.  His prices are fair and he is a gracious host while your job is being done.  He offers coffee, cold bottled water and a TV to watch.  I recommend forgetting the TV and watching at least some of his installation.  Thanks Victor my car is much cooler (and looks better too).
5	We had our 3rd car done here today. Craftsmanship and service still as good as the first two times. Very reasonable prices and excellent quality work. Highly recommend Victors business.
5	Just like the other reviews, this place is a hidden gem! Brought several vehicles to Victor over the years to get my windows tinted and walked away very satisfied with the quality and pricing.  Would highly recommend to anyone that is looking to do the same.
