5	This has been one of the most pleasant experiences I've had with a home service company. Justin & Jackie came out for a free estimate & I was super impressed by their professionalism and knowledge of the business. They gave me a quote with a detailed explanation of everything that was going to be done and it was very honest and fair. I hired them on the spot. Justin did an AMAZING job. I expected good results but it far surpassed my expectations!! It is obvious that he takes pride in his work because everything was spotless! Thank you thank you thank you!! I would definitely be using your services again and recommend all my friends & family! A+++
5	From the initial contact to the cleaning, everything was great with Jackie and Justin.  I contacted them through their website on a Saturday and within hours received a phone call and email.  We worked out the first meeting, for the estimate, and they arrived exactly as they said they would.  They did a great job of explaining in detail what the service entailed, and what would be cleaned.  Both were professional and organized, completed with a printed FAQ for my wife, so she would have everything Jackie said in writing.On the day of the cleaning, Justin arrived at 8:00am, announced himself, and got right to work.  Once done, he had me inspect everything as he explained what specific steps he did to get the house cleaned.  Everything is bright and clean now, including some things I never really thought would be covered, so its as a pleasant surprise.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them, they are really professional and nice folks.
5	When my husband and I decided that our home needed a good scrub down, don't we all from time to time, I looked online for companies that would service our area. I came across Splish Splash Pressure Washing and gave them a call for an estimate. Jackie set a date and time to come by and she was right on time the following day. From the moment she introduced herself to us and explained their services we were impressed with her sweet disposition and professionalism. We had other companies that were coming over to give us quotes the following day but decided that we felt so comfortable with our first impression with Jackie that we canceled them and called Jackie to do the job for us. A time was arranged and Justin was right on time and ready to go. Justin explained what he would be doing and approximately how long it would take to complete the job. We are amazed how clean and bright our home looks now, even my windows are sparkly clean now, that, was a bonus! Our driveway, walkways and patio are so clean that I need to wear sunglasses because they are so bright and white again. Justin even went unto our roof to power wash the chimmey...amazing!..I would have never expected anyone to do that as part of the cleaning process. Justin treated our home like it was his own with meticulous detail to getting every nook and cranny cleaned to perfection. Needless to say we are very pleased with the service that we received from Splish Splash Pressure Washing and the great team of Justin and Jackie. We HIGHLY recommend their business for all your home and property cleaning needs. Thank you Justin and Jackie...!!Patricia & Nick F.
5	Crazy GOOD!!!. I typically do not write reviews but the service that Splish Splash provided was so outstanding I had to as they deserve all the praise I can give them. From the get go Splish Splash were professional. First thing, they picked up the phone on my first call which is far from norm these days. Second they were at my home within 2 days of the call to give me a full estimate. On the day that my home was to be pressure washed they showed up on time and even gave me a courtesy call to let me know they were on their way. Most important--they did a fabulous job!!!. They use professional equipment that steam cleans your house and gutters. They even cleaned my door mats. The job was done so well my neighbors were coming over to look at my "new" house. I was about to replace my gutters but because they are sparkling clean I no longer need to. I even received a handwritten thank you note from them.They not only have me and my family as a customer for life but also many of my neighbors are going to be signing up at well. As I said, Splish Splash is crazy good.
