5	What a gem!  The Chupale Pichon is $6 for a grilled footlong hotdog topped with grilled onions and red peppers, bacon, chili, and cheese, plus a side of fries and jalapenos.  Washed it down with alfalfa agua fresca.  Have you ever had Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans and wished there were real "grass" flavored candy in the world?  TA-DA!  :-DThe staff was super friendly and patient explaining what the menu items contain.  I'm a pretty worldly eater, but there were colorful treats I had never heard of - and I can't wait to go back and try them all.My friends had the Tostilocos and loved it, but I'm not a fan of pickled pork.  I tried another friend's Cemita sandwich filled with carne asada, avocado, and melty cheese in a toasted sesame bun.  Their son had the $2 nachos and a Mexican Coke and was happy.There were easily 50 people who came through while I sat in the corner with my laptop for a couple hours - mostly Mexican families getting ice cream and shaved ice.  It's out of the way for me, but I'll swing by any time I'm in the Northeast.
5	Woah man, fresh ice cream! Crazy flavors! Normal ones too!This place is the real deal. All their ice cream flavors are rich, complex, and utterly realistic. Most of the ice cream names are in Spanish.They let you try before you buy.My favorite flavors are Chongos (idk what kind of tasty magic they put in it, but I'm under its spell), and the orange one. Don't remember what it's called but it's the orange one that doesn't taste fruity. I'm sure if you ask for that description they'll know what you mean.They also have rose flavored ice cream, with little bits of petals in it. Tastes just like they smell...rosey.Definitely an experience and a delicious one at that.This is my favorite ice cream place in the whole wide world.
5	Wowza. This is a great Mexican neveria/restaurant that is so far from everything. Which is kind of ok with me, otherwise I would be in here every day.My friend and I made the trek out here the other day and we were BLOWN AWAY with all the options of food and treats they offer. Besides like 20 rotating flavors of ice cream, they also offer about 8 different aguas frescas, paletas, and a ton of salty, spicy snacks. It literally took us half an hour to decide. I went for a scoop of mango and another of chamoy (chamoy is a sauce made from pickeld fruits, with salt and chile. Mexicans use it with everything, mango, cucumber, shaved ice, etc.) Do yourself a favor and try the chamoy, it is unbelievable! Usually when confronted with so many choices, my brain shuts down and I always end up getting the same thing. My friend got the chamango which was very good and we shared a cup of corn, which was just ok. I will be back, no doubt about it. Probably buying a liter of chamoy ice cream.
5	One of the most amazing places I've ever been to. Home made/artisinal style ice cream made with fresh ingredients. Their fresh aguas are made daily. A true hidden gem.
5	Just went in with my husband and kids. Very busy place. Waited in line for about 20 mins. Never seen it this busy. So many things to eat. Love coming here. I got the Fresas con crema, very good. My daughter got the banana split with the gansito ice cream. Very good taste just like a gansito. My husband and I split a titanic hot dog with fries. Very good. Next time we're trying the chupale pichon. I wish they would lower their prices though, kinda pricey  :(
1	The idea of this place is great, Mexican based ice cream shop. I was bothered by how much of a dirty environment it is. The tables to sit at were all covered with filth, employees did not follow basic health regulations, and there was hair in the food that I ordered. Not just a single strand of hair, a good amount for me to be upset about. I don't usually have a problem with such things, but this place disgusted me.
4	If you want to try new flavors or stick with classics this is a great spot for homemade ice cream. The Mexican inspired ice cream is homemade on site. I love sampling the unique flavors. The ice cream is the perfect style of creamy texture and flavor. The staff are friendly but not all speak fluent English so getting translation of ingredients can be little tricky sometimes. There is frequently a line but generally it goes quickly. The food is ok but I would recommend going next door to Mama Marias if you want dinner and eating here for dessert! I would give the ice cream five stars, I took off due to cleanliness and food. The floors are frequently dirty and they generally can't keep up with cleaning the tables on busy nights. Both are due to heavy traffic. Overall, I highly recommend as a great homemade, unique ice cream shop. My whole family loves it. Would be a great stop on the way back from the Lake Mead.
5	This place is perfect for all those with a huge sweet tooth. They have a wide variety of creative Mexican ice cream, ice cream bars, brownies, funnel cake which they call funny cake and they even have good food. The price isn't too bad and im sure you will enjoy it. For those that like spicy treats they sell diablitos which are mango snow cone with chili and chamoy.YUM!!!!
5	Love this place so yummy n very good service and clean love taking my family here and friends !!!!!
4	I finally got to try the infamous chamango! I was a little nervous because I thought there might be a little but chamoy and I wouldn't be able to eat it, but that was def not the case. I took the first bite of the mango and it was delicious! To be on the safe side I got it with mango ice cream. It was a delicious dessert I would def come back for!Another plus? The service is super friendly! Good food and a good atmosphere, they def know what they're doing!
5	This place is awesome.  My husband loves the Hawaiian bannana split.  My daughetr loves the chamango and I love their pupusas and drinks especially the alfalfa and strawberry and cream one.  They have icecreams such as Rose flavored, gansito, tamarindo and many others.  Anyting here is good.
4	Mostly icream and other sweets but they have some dinner plates and specialty hotdogs! Tonight I got two scoops of ice cream, Rose petal and eggnog! The rose petal smelled like roses, was pink and had small bits of rose petals! Small bites was really good but big bites, was slightly soapy tasting. The egg nog was very good! Small raisins and had a rich creamy taste, would get this one again. Very easy menu order by site or if you read spanish, but if not staff very good at helping you understand whats what!
5	I always come to this store for their rose ice cream, its so good and it has a floral scent and taste of roses, i always get it when its available. They have many flavors of ice cream and they always let you try them before you buy the ice cream. They have a friendly staff and a large variety of foods and desserts to try. if you are in this area you should check this place out.
5	BEST ice cream in town!! Delicious Banana Split and Tostilocos! Great experience overall. Very friendly staff! Definitely will drive 10 miles again and again! Hope they have fried ice cream next time!
1	Segun de Michoacan y tienen pura comida Salvadorena esas son mensadas deverian d acer Mexicana
1	I will not be going here ever again.
5	First stuff yourself next door at Momma Maria'sWith the best chili Verde in LV. Then take a swim in any ice cream concoction they have a picture of. It's all good! !
5	They have the best chamangos in Las Vegas! I've tried them in a few other spots and they are no where near as good! I tried them here and I was surprised how good they were! Everything I've tried I've liked!
1	I ordered some "fresas con crema" and the little green leaves on the strawberry were in the dessert. It was the most disgusting thing ever. I don't usually complain about hygiene but this place is always dirty. I remembered the other time I came here, and a very sick woman was serving the ice cream. I mean she couldn't even talk.  Wish they would improve because I actually like their "paletas de nuez." Definitely won't come back again.
3	They didn't speak hardly any English so that was plenty akward.. The ice cream was okay..I had a bionico and I was highly disappointed. It was messy and the fruit tasted spoiled..I've had WAY better lets just say that..I would still probably come back.. with a translator..
