2	In this part of town...it would consider decent compare to Panda Express. It's a hit or miss at this place. Wish it could be more consistent on their flavor.
4	How does this place get such shitty reviews?  The last time I went here was a couple of years ago, and I remember not being able to get enough of this place.Maybe people were just ordering the wrong things. What I usually order is their Salt & Pepper Porkchops, Hunan Beef, and Hong-Kong Style Chow Mein. The Hunan Beef is my all-time fave, and the HK Style Chow Mein is a nice difference from your usual chow meins. So thank you China-a-go-go. I shall cherish my memories of Hunan Beef 4eva.
5	The best me and my wife have had in Vegas. The trick here is order the full order and tell them how you want it. We had the pork fried rice extra dark lots of soy and hot we had the Chow Mein hot and well done and the orange flavored chicken extra crispy and you guessed it HOT! The services is always great the staff is so friendly and the place is clean I can not ask for more
4	Lunch specials are awesome!!!...(Mon-Fri) ...  Reasonable price for all the food you get, what more can you ask? I come here almost once a month...
3	Food was pretty good.  I can't recommend the mongolian beef, but the orange chicken was good, the rice was perfectly steamed, and they threw in a free order of fried wontons which were decent.Service was good, fast enough, and staff was friendly.  My girlfriend was very happy with her veggie pad thai, and eggplant with tofu, but I'll let her post her own review.
5	I love this location. I used to go here at least once a week until I moved across town. Awesome lunch specials, fantastic staff and great food fast. Vegetarian pad thai is my fave, but the house chicken is to die for and the Mongolian beef is good too. :D Plus its in the smiths parking lot so we you can grab a bite before grocery shopping.
1	Sorry I did NOT like this place.  The fried rice was bland, my husband sais he would never got here again.  Was not happy at all with anything but the crab rangoons.
4	Everytime I come they have good service and good food. Fresh, because they cook it right infront of you.VERY AFFORDABLE AND EVERYONE SEEMS SO NICE.This is one of my favorite place to get food at.
4	Good for a take out place. I think the pot stickers were hand made. Hot and Sour soup was not so good.  Salt and Pepper Shrimp was good.  Plenty of food. I'll be back.
4	A bit of a mix emotion about this place, but overall, its very decent.  Located on the corner of Decatur and Ann is China A Go Go.  Going to the actual place, it seems to be in a nice area.  Going inside, is a different story.  I'm sure they keep their place clean as possible.  But the fact that it's really small, it tend to get crowded very easily.  Of course I ordered to go, since there wasn't really much of a choice of seating arrangements, plus it seems crowded as is.  The staff on the other hand, they're very good, I really respect the fact that they, keep their cool under pressure.  They seem nice and courteous, despite how busy and crowded it was.  The food was really good, for a decent Chinese food on the go.  The pricing is reasonable as well.  Overall, if you do like Chinese food, this is a decent place to order to go, if you're in the area.  Most of the time, I would suggest to order to go.  If you don't mind the small area and crowds, it might be interesting to dine in.  But dining in isn't highly suggested.
5	This place was very good!  We ate there and while we were waiting for our food they gave us soup, crab puffs, and little crispy strips (I don't know what those are called) for free.  I appreciate stuff like that.  When our food came were surprised at how big the portions were.  I ordered the beef and broccoli which also came with fried rice and chow mein.  The broccoli and veggies were fresh and crunchy and the beef was delicious.  My husband ordered the mongolian beef which he thoroughly enjoyed as well.  The food was very affordable and the employees were attentive and courteous.  Overall, a great dining experience!
5	Always friendly and fast. My order is always correct and the food is great.
2	Sort of a Love/Hate feeling towards this place. My husband and I love the food. We will never order delivery again. After an hour passed waiting we decided to call and the worker gave us the delivery guy's phone number. We called and he said he was at the wrong house...Another hour passed and still no food. The delivery man stopped answering our calls so, we call the store again. She tries to offer free egg rolls! Egg rolls?!?! After two hours? We overheard her talking to the delivery guy about losing his keys in the background! So, he never left...So after two hours, being lied to about the delivery guy, we canceled our order. That was that.Good food, just never order delivery!!!
2	OK - this place is for serious cheap and fast food...  Mostly pick-up orders.  The dining are is super tiny and people going in and out all the time makes it an uncomfortable place to eat.The food - it's not that good.  I have a number of dishes but recently tried pad thai.  It was fettuccini tossed with scrambled eggs and almost no other flavors.  There was no peanut flavor or sweet-savory flavor.  It is cheap with huge portions, but seriously lacking in flavors.
4	My favorite place for delivery. They never take long and usually bring us freebies. My favorite is the honeydew slush.
1	Ordered Kung pao chicken, potstickers, crab ragoons, chicken chow mein, salt and peppered shrimp. All the dishes lacked flavor. The last time I went the Kung pao was good but the Mongolian not So much. This Was the worst Chinese food I ever ordered. I have ordered there previously and it was decent that's why decided to order delivery. I will never order from there again.  So disappointed
1	Place has gone so far down hill only way to fix it is close down and start over. Got my whole order wrong offered me a 8 dollar credit. They can take a hike lost a customer forever
2	I had a gift card I received during the holidays so I decided to try this place out during their lunch special. I got Broccoli Shrimp , Broccoli Chicken and Garlic Chicken lunch specials which come with a side  friedrice/chow mein. I also ordered Fried Wontons ( stuffed with chicken) and Combination Fried Rice both regular priced. Overall the food was decent but I found the chow mein to be very greasy and Broccoli Chicken was not very edible. I enjoyed the Garlic Chicken sauce but the actual chicken was cut in a weird way .The combo fried rice had chicken,pork and shrimp but the way it was packed the shrimp was stuck to the bottom of the container and I think maybe only had 1 shrimp? It wasn't as good as I had hoped. Overall I got a lot of food for around $36 but I wouldn't be quick to try it again. I have experienced better.
3	Good food sadly portions have reduced as time as gone by, love their Mongolian beef, ok orange chicken, sadly not the best I've had.
4	We always get take out so I can't comment on delivery or service in the dining room but as far as food goes, it's great. Made to order so it's fresh and as a repeat customer they often throw in free egg rolls or crab rangoons.
4	I order out here quite frequently and their food is usually good. Once or twice it's been below par but I'm sure that's due to a shift change with the line cooks. Over all it is a good place to go to if you need a quick lunch or dinner.
1	I have to agree that the service is terrible. If you get the English speaking girl, ask for someone else. She is worthless. She has screwed up our order more than once. We were $50 a week customers for 2 years... There's a chinese restaurant on every corner here in Vegas.. You would think you would try to rise above the rest.
4	I live across this restaurant and it drives me crazy, it smells so good! I give them a 4 star because their food is great, especially their beef with hot garlic sauce but the staff is not so welcoming. Other than that, it's great place to get fast chinese food to-go!
4	My go to Chinese take out. I know their other locations has gone on dirty dining but you have to judge each restaurant for their own efforts. They are not a franchise so I don't assume they have an SOP. But in this location their food is always really good and authentic. They are super nice and again their food is always fresh and delicious.Another good thing about them is that they are English and Chinese fluent so if there is something that I want they can always customize. I would give 5 stars but their location cannot hold more than 20 people and their deliver is a bit slow. But I don't blame them they are always busy:)
5	I am from California & it's very difficult to find a Chinese restaurant that accommodates to your needs as a customer. I specifically love the general tso chicken made less spicy, less vegetables, extra pineapple, and use white meat. As well as the mapo tofu with no pea or carrot. The taste is wonderful! It meets every standard that i have for Chinese food and they're quick at it! They might make a mistake here and there with the order but I don't mind! A lot of other places refuse to change their ingredients but this china a go go suites your needs accordingly. The service isn't outstanding but what to expect from a popular place!? I recommend coming before 6:30 PM because the rush is bonkers crazy! And for parties over 8? Get ready to move tables!! All in all I love china a go go on ann and Decatur! As a side note I'm pretty frustrated not with their service nor their food because after further investigation other claims about them being on "dirty dining" was true but change in management has made the store soo much better these past FEW YEARS. Yes. I said years. What baffles me the most with other reviews is that they judge based on old information or they complain about missing food when after further discussing with the owner on my last visit, majority of the people have complicated orders that's difficult to keep up with! I think some sympathy is in order for the store. So if you're needing a quick bite to eat that's healthy and fast? Try out china a go go!! Best Chinese in north LV yet in my opinion.
2	Lunch is great, but dinner is terrible as you will spend $30++ dollars and throw away food to get a main course, rice and noodles like the lunch special offers. They have a huge variety for their lunch specials, but apparently don't like a large dinner crowd, because the only thing appetizing you have to buy A La Cart.Don't recommend making dinner specials similar to the lunch and charge extra, because the staff doesn't do "customer relations" at all.
5	Great food and the customer service was even better! Alisa was on point, courteous and attentive from the very moment I opened the door! It's very hard to find this kind of service anywhere, anymore, but she got it nailed! My sincere thks! You made my day! Keep smiling & projecting your super attitude!
1	It's in my neighborhood. Food is okay.  Delivery is quick. In-house service is okay also. Nothing great. It's fast food.
4	3 dishes, asparagus chicken, seafood delight, seasons beef. Two appetizers, crab Rangoon, and pot stickers. One plate of steamed rice all for $44. We took home leftovers. Everything came out quick, freshly prepared with fresh ingredients. If you want good, fast, fresh Chinese food this is the place.
5	I discovered this gem through an internet search. My daughter and I have stopped there a few times and have always been very happy with the food. Tonight we decided to order and have it delivered. The lady who answered the phone was very friendly and helpful and never got annoyed with my questions. She told me it would be about 45 minutes, but was much quicker than that. (Good thing I already had pants on!) The driver was extremely friendly, smiled the whole time, and even gave me a Chinese Scroll Calendar as a gift. Being a vegetarian, I love the menu options I have with them. I keep their menu handy for whenever I have a hankering for some good food. The only suggestion I would have is that they should also offer brown rice. White rice doesn't settle well in my stomach. I LOVE this place!!! I'll be ordering frequently!!!
4	The salt and pepper shrimp was very good. We had the garlic chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and cashew chicken. The portions were generous. The  service was fast and friendly would come back again if in the area.
