3	Located in the lobby of the Plaza in Downtown Las Vegas, I found this to be a better alternative instead of McDonald's for breakfast on the go. They had a variety of choices when it comes to drinks: coffee, latte, cappuccino, tea, hot chocolate, espresso, ice coffee, smoothie, etc. Aside from drinks, they had sandwiches, salads, and gelato. What's really great about this place is that they have a Groupon Now deal, which gave me $10 worth of stuff for spending just $5. I ordered the Very Berries Smoothie ($5.75). The drink size was pretty generous (I want to say 24 oz), not to mention very tasty. Only thing I would change is that I wish they would've given me a regular size straw instead of a thin one. (Took me forever to drink that!)Cafelatte also provides room service if you're staying at the hotel. But there is an additional service fee.
4	Gimme gelato!Came here when I went to watch a show at the Downtown Las Vegas Plaza Hotel. I was having mad cravings for a date shake, and couldn't find one! But Cafelatte's coconut gelato was satisfying. Coconut gelato melting in my mouth with coconut pieces, tantalizing my tongue. Mmmm. I also didn't mind sampling almost all the flavors. The only other flavor that stood out was the mango. Yum!
3	This is the best option for a quick cup of coffee at The Plaza. Large latte with skim and an extra shot was around $5.50, which is not horribly overpriced. Coffee and service were good. Hard to rate over 3 starts for just a latte, but this place is fine for a coffee fix if you are downtown and/or at The Plaza.
4	I decided to stroll through the dessert case here and I was not disappointed! I had a few things and they were delicious. Much better than most of the treats over at the Venetian bakery. The employees are fast and efficient. The selection is pretty darn good given the small amount of space they have. Great use of the floor space from a business perspective. You can take your coffee and snacks to a table in the food court area, or just sit on the fluffy couch in the lobby after checking out and enjoy!
5	I am adding a star because this is as good as a bakery gets! Apparently on my previous trips I was completely oblivious to the fact that they have Krispy Kream donuts! Not all of the varieties, but my favorites so kudos!
3	For the time being, I need to adjust the rating here because of two issues which I have found to be uncommon here. First, I was waiting for about 7 minutes while the employees were busy in the middle of a conversation (in espinol) despite seeing me waiting to order at the counter. Second, both items I got were not fresh, the dessert item was actually stale and crusty and should have been discarded (tasted like refrigerated birthday cake from last week).
