5	New City Gas is now one of my favourite dance and music venues. I went to Montreal with a couple of girlfriends for the weekend. Before our trip, we researched a few places and came across New City Gas. The website and promo video looked good and we were excited to check it out, no great expectations. We were blown away! LOVED the venue, the DJ stage was large and it was nice that you could see everything no matter where you were. We joined some friends  who had a table reserved so we were escorted through the crowd to our table. Sound system was incredible, I love when you can FEEL the music! Will definitely plan several trips in the future and make sure to visit when top DJ's are playing.
4	Great place on thursday nights.
3	Great night out when they have a great international dj, but I wouldn't go otherwise. Nice venue. Drinks are ridiculously expensive.
5	Great place to live your best life and get freaky to some house music.
5	We pre purchased our VIP tickets for Cash Cash. Got in right away.  The place is really big and organized.  Love the decor.  The bathroom is cool.  Drinks are average price.  Atmosphere is amazing.  Loved the lighting, sound system and confetti.   Felt like a rave.   Everyone's dress code varied.   VIP area there were more people dressed more upscale, but in the GA section the people were very relaxed; T-shirts, jeans and sneakers. I would definitely recommend  and return to this EDM nightclub.
5	Of all people, I did not think I would be one to like this place. Big open entrance, annoyingly you climb up, to climb back down, to climb back up. Bathrooms open on both ends of a water fountain, rather mesmerizing depending how far into your night you are. Security were nice, back was a little understocked and as per the floor they could have used more garbages. Back terrace was beautiful, they should get a restaurant or something going out there in the meantime.
4	If you like EDM, you've found your spot.  Crowded, but fun.  I quite liked the place.  We got a spot in VIP, so the drinks were flowing.  I do hear that it is hard / expensive to get a drink at the bar, so have a strong pregame?
5	I came here for an EDM Concert (Cash Cash). This place is HUGE!  The outside is just majestic, the structure of this place amazes me.  There's tons of lighting all over the place, which I love.  There was no line at any point (we had pre-purchased tickets but the folks who didn't did not wait either).  There are tons of bouncers and security all over the place. The drinks are ok and you won't really wait at the bar either. The bottles are inexpensive in my opinion so it's worth getting a VIP package BUT the VIP booths are far from the stage so keep that in mind.   The coat check is organized and the bathrooms are huge.  Overall, they're running a smooth operation here b/c you won't wait for anything.  I would most definitely come here again.
1	I had a terrible experience here! The bouncers were extremely rude and disrespectful in every possible way. They physically & verbally harassed a friend of mine for being "too ugly" to be let in & then escorted her out by carrying her and passing her along to other body guards then dropped on the street! SO UNPROFESSIONAL. Perhaps the shows are great and the building is an artsy lit up warehouse, but this establishment has no respect for their customers and is in a sketchy area of time. Honestly don't waste your money here!
