5	A gift certificate I received last summer initially lured me out of North Phoenix and into A-Peeling Faces in Chandler. One facial treatment and a light lactic acid peel later and I was hooked. I've been making the pilgrimage to see Darla every 6 weeks ever since. She creates customized skincare plans and I've noticed a favorable difference in my skin's appearance and texture - I have even been able to stop wearing foundation! I've looked at other aestheticians' pricing and A-Peeling Faces is very reasonable. Darla's soft touch and proven proficiency gives me supreme confidence to leave my face in her hands.
5	Best massage I've had in years!  Darla is very skilled and is friendly as can be as well!  I'll definitely be back, and would highly recommend Darla to anyone looking for a outstanding, relaxing experience.
5	I have had a couple of peels at A-Peeling Faces and they were the best I've ever had!  They are not only very reasonable priced, but Darla Salem really knows her stuff.  My skin has never looked better!  I am very pleased.
5	Darla at A-Peeling Faces offers the best microderm hands down. I'm luck she is located in Ahwatukee too because otherwise I'd have to make the drive to see her! I've tried others to compare but hers are great priced and high quality so I'm hooked :) I always get compliments on my skin!
5	If you are looking for a more personlized feel...A-Peeling Faces is the place.  Darla is amazing and extremely flexible with my schedule.  The best part is that there is no pressure for a monthly contract.   I started out getting massages, but moved on to facials and an occasional eye brow wax.  Darla is knowlegeable about all her products and has never used anything that irritated my face.    I definitely recommend Darla for skincare and massages!
5	I have been to Darla for facials and they are phenomenal!  She is patient and thorough and does a great job getting your skin to the best it can be.  I highly recommend her!
5	Darla does a great job with facials and skincare. She is very knowledgeable about sunscreen products and informing me on what she thinks is best to use on my skin. I purchased Colorescience Sunforgettable Mineral Sunscreen, that I love applying with the brush, so easy. I don't ever feel pressured into buying anything, although she does make suggestions and I've been happy with the Colorescience and PCA items. I am a spa girl, I love to get pampered, but the last several facials I've had at the spa's are terrible, they always get lotion on my eyelashes and my eyes burn for hours, not Darla. She is a professional! Definitely going back; it feels great to have fantastic service and also promote local small business!  :)
4	Thank you Darla for a relaxing massage. The location was easy to find. Also, schedule the appointment was easy.
5	Every 4 weeks I get a massage and facial... I am constantly told how I look younger than my age and I know it is due to Darla!  She is an expert on facial care and products. I have been seeing her for about 10 years now, and she is the best I have ever met in the skin care world!!!
5	One thing I really like about Darla and A-Peeling Faces is the thoughtfulness and attention to each individual person. Not every treatment can work everyone and she takes the time to learn what is best for you.
5	Darla offers--by far--the best value in both massage and skin care.  I started going to her initially just for massage, but her knowledge of skin care impressed me so much that I also began getting monthly facials.  No one in or near Ahwatukee combines such value and expertise.  She's the best!!!
5	When it comes to your face, you need that special someone that understands your needs and knows how to help you be the best you can be. Darla Salem is that special person! A- Peeling Faces is where you need to be!Bobbie Bennett
5	I love going to Darla for a facial! She is very thorough, professional and her prices are really fantastic!
5	A-Peeling Faces has provided me solutions for my journey to improve my health both internally and externally.  Originally when I met Darla, I thought she only offered facials.  I was pleasantly surprised to be able to select from her portfolio of offerings and customize services just for me.  She continues to look ahead in growing her business, and is currently offering Lyopssage.  I have inquired about results, and have found that she had a client that did absolutely nothing but get a massage and lost more than three inches in the mid-section.  Those results are incredible and in an area that is highly focused on for both men and women.  I am signing up!I will always recommend Darla to anyone.  She is highly professional, knowledgeable and thoughtful to your needs.
5	Darla is a super massage therapist and very knowledgeable about skin care.  I recommend her highly!
2	I have mixed emotions with the 2 star rating , as everyone else has 5 stars- weird. Anyway, Im 52 and have been getting treatment for my face off and on for 30 years. I choose Peeling Faces because of all the 5 star ratings - -i made an appt for a skin consult- while Darla is super nice lady, I wasted almost $ 70 on a peel - that well never peeled- or did much of anything. She did recommend I return every 2 wks for a peels , and she spent the most time trying to sell a very expensive skin care line- but didnt have samples or mini 's to try out.
5	Darla is amazing! I have been seeing her for years, even before she started her own business. She was able to help control the occasional break outs that come with adult acne (so unfair- adult acne, what the heck?!?), and also she has helped repair a lot of the sun damage I've done to myself over the years! I like that the peels are not overly intrusive, yet the results are awesome! I definitely recommend Darla and A-peeling Faces!! She has even delivered product to me personally when I've run out and my life has crazy busy!
5	I have been to many skin care centers throughout my career both here in Ahwatukee, Arizona and Long Beach, California.  My career invokes a lot of stress that requires management.  Since I moved to Arizona, I found that all of my needs (and then some) are completely taken care of.  Darla provides complete and concise support for not only my skin but my well being.  I would recommend her services to anyone seeking a top rated experience.  Many times I have found that if you are only looking for the discounted price in skin care, then that is what you receive in many cases.  Darla's prices are very much aligned in the marketplace today.  I started out with skin care management, and have since engaged into massages....look at her website, there is more than one way to lose that belly fat!
