4	I was introduced to this hidden spot by my new co-workers.  We decided to have a lunch meeting here.  It's located in the Scottsdale Design Center so you have to look for that huge grey building and then you will come upon this quaint spot.We were greeted by the kind hostess that just so happend to be french.  I love it when places have a touch of authenticity when possible.  The interior is simple yet it has the proper touches of a French style cafe.  One side of the cafe opens into the main hall of the design center so you can people watch as you are waiting for your meal.  I decided to order the Parisian Panini with a side of fruit salad and both of my lunch guests ordered the Turkey Panini with fries for the side.  The wait was fine and once the food came out I basically devoured my panini.  I would say that this is hands down the best panini I have ever had.  My co-workers agreed as they cleaned their plates too!I will certainly be back for another panini....especially since it's convenient.  Next time I will try one of their mouth-watering desserts.
5	Not a bad thing about this place. Well, maybe the location is a bit lacking  on views but the food, prices and people are amazing! The Panini's (all 7 of them) are crispy, melty cheesy and full of flavor. The salads are fresh and fill you up and the lunch special #1 of a sandwich and a piece of chocolate cake? How can you resist!  We work close by and go here often.
5	I had seen this very unassuming place before in the Scottsdale Airpark and had always been curious about it, so when a co-worker suggested we go here, I jumped on it.  I am in love with this place. It is owned by a couple who transplanted to AZ several years ago, and they opened this place in 2007. The paninis are absolutely magnifique, and the croissants are tender and delicate and baked fresh every morning. I was so impressed with them, that I suggested my work use them for a catering event a couple weeks later. They did a fantastic job...everyone who attended the event wanted to know where the food was from and where they could go to get it. I really hope to see this place succeed as it is pretty much run by the couple only (he cooks and she takes the orders and serves the food). Don't let the location detract you from visiting here!
4	This place is both adorable AND affordable... I can't (and I won't) believe it's actually located in Scottsdale. Cookies for $0.40. Fresh salad topped with a giant salmon fillet for $7.40. Paninis galore for $7.80. I know, this all sounds far too reasonable to be true, but it's the real deal. The Gardener (aka ratatouille panini) was a major hit amongst everyone, and it's meat and dairy-free! Health and French food in the same place? This place just gets more and more unbelievable. Between the atmosphere, pricing, and food, Cafe Paris seems like it's in a location far from, "somewhere near where I take my car in for maintenance." Cheaper than France, more authentic than Scottsdale, and tastier than anything else I can get for less than eight bucks.
5	It's great to have a high quality neighborhood place like this in the area.  I had the goat cheese and basil omelette and a crispy on the outside, soft and buttery on the inside croissant.  Brilliant.
3	09/05/12Was hoping to make it in for breakfast, but was too late.  The only breakfast items left were almondine shells and a couple of strawberry fruit tarts.  I opted to try a cappuccino and an almond shell, while I waited for my Chef panino ($7.80 for a full order, with side salad) to arrive.  I believe the shells went for 50 or 75 cents each.  It was a very nice way to begin (or end!) a meal.  The panino was very delightful!  Loved the crunchy exterior of the pressed ciabatta, and the combination of thick-cut ham, brie, caramelized onions, and pesto made my mouth (and brain!) very happy!  Eating half of the leftovers a few hours later proved to be almost as good, even without reheating the sandwich in the toaster oven, and I polished the rest of the panino for breakfast the next day.  I recall that the salad dressing (on the side) was nothing to write home about, but I appreciated the added greens to round out the meal.I docked a star for the cafe's mediocre decor.  I didn't feel like I was in a French cafe.  I can't even recall if the music playing was French.  Additionally, the only other people there, besides the server (also owner?) and cook, was a table of elderly women playing an actual game of mahjong- a Chinese tile game (with many variations possible) played on a table with three or four people, not the computer memory game.  (I wonder- in France, do French people play mahjong in American restaurants?)  Was tickled to see that my receipt tray had the Mona Lisa on it- cute!  Another star docked for having weak coffee.  Yes, great coffee service deserves a full star in my book...  The cappuccino was the worst I'd ever shelled $4 for, and no wonder-- the drip coffee I replaced the caloric cup with tasted almost like water.  I've wanted to come back a few times since, to try breakfast here, but if I can't look forward to a great cup of cafe avec un bon petit dejeuner, then why even bother?  Perhaps it was an off-day for coffee?  I will visit again very soon and see if breakfast is just as fun!
5	Favorite breakfast in the valley. I am a sucker for the French culture. I don't care for crepes and croissants, but I am a sucker for a great cappuccino and eggs. And when there is a toasted French baguette option, I'm all in. This place is a hidden gem and wouldn't have found it if I wasn't waiting at the stereo system place across the way. Fast, friendly, tasty. Bonjour!
4	Excellent food and consistently excellent service. I have tried their pan bagnat sandwich (which includes tuna, sliced boiled eggs, bell peppers) and the choice of side.On a day like today,  I sat outside on the patio and ordered  the chicken panini  with french fries and fruit salad. And of course I had to have an Orangina!Cafe Paris is a charming little cafe and the owners Arnaud and Caroline could not be more kind and welcoming. Next time, I will try the crepes.Highly recommended!
5	Wow! Authentic home made French bistro fare in the air park. And very convenient if you are painting your house (shared space with paint store). The owner was very friendly. The cookies were extremely good too. Must try it.
5	You just have to come visit!! Delicious and I love it. 2 years strong and the owners are so sweet!
5	I had the goat cheese panini, and it disappeared before I knew what happened! It was phenomenal. The pesto on the panini was very tasty! I also had a cappuccino and an almond tile cookie. The cookie was thin, crispy, and deliciously sweet. I highly recommend this little restaurant.
5	Fantastic food! 1st time here. Great serve with a light and bright atmosphere. I had the Chef Crepe and loved it.
5	Chef crepe was amazing, apple tart was great too.  My wife loved her croque Madame.  So happy we found this place
5	Authentic French cafe...total hidden gem! The ratatouille with goat chews crepe was amazing as was the chocolate desert crepe.
4	I had the Turkey Panini & Garden salad. Great place & like the nice atmosphere. Will definitely try it again
5	We just went here today for a work lunch and it was wonderful! I had a salmon sandwich with cucumbers and dill sauce on sourdough. My coworkers had a panini. The flavor was great and is owned and operated by a French couple. We had a crepe for desert and it was good.
5	I ordered the Degrade on Saturday evening, which was supposed to accompanied by a vegetable barigule. It was described to me as "whipped artichokes" and "delicious". What I was served however, was 1/2 of an artichoke heart, diced potatoes and cherry tomatoes. What I find offensive is that I was not told about it before or given an option of another vegetable.
3	I love French food and have been on a search for any French restaurants. I found this via Yelp and since it was close to work, decided to give it a try for lunch. First, its location is kind of hard to find. It's in a shopping center near some industrial type businesses. Not a normal place to find a restaurant. Second, the inside seems a little rundown. There are plenty of tables/chairs, but all tables have that tacky red/white checkered tablecloths and the chairs are mismatched. The chair I sat in actually appeared to be falling apart and was held together with tape. When my husband and I arrived, there were maybe two or three other patrons. There isn't a hostess station but rather an area where you can place to-go orders and pay for your meal. This is connected to the back/kitchen area. There was no one to greet us and we almost walked out. From the back, a woman suddenly appeared and told us to sit anywhere. We slunk over to a two person table and sat down to browse the menu. There appeared to be only one woman working and a chef in back. The woman seemed nice enough, but she mainly seemed stressed out. Eventually, she stopped by and asked what we wanted to drink (water) and she was quick to bring our water, but we waited a few more minutes before she came back to take our order. I ordered the Chef sandwich (ham, brie, caramelized onions, and tomato on a baguette). My husband ordered a sandwich as well but I can't remember what it was. (Might have been the chicken or turkey.) Our food arrived relatively quickly and was tasty. When you order a sandwich, you can pick a side (salad, chips, fries, etc). We both ordered a salad as our side.When we were finished, we waited for the check but it never came. Eventually, I went up to the to-go counter and waited patiently for the woman to come back out. There were some cookies in a small display case on the counter and they looked delicious, but we were running late and needed to get back to work.  I paid with credit card and we were on our way.Final impressions: A little turned off by the atmosphere and how slow the service was. I felt like a huge inconvenience. Not sure if we visited on an off day, so I might give it another chance since the food was good.
5	I have been here twice and I love it so much!I eat so much food there which is unusual for me since I don't like the feeling of being over full. This food is great because it doesn't make you feel like crap after. Both times, I had the same thing because I am obsessed with it: French onion soup, quiche Lorraine with the side salad and a couple of crepes. They are so reasonably priced that you could order the whole menu and not feel bad about it.
