5	Butter Burgers and Frozen Custard it does not get any better, add awesome house made root beer on tap and you have got a winner on your hands folks.  I have loved Culver's since I lived in Illinois, and I am truly elated that they are so close to my Arizona home.  I know most folks live and die by In-N-Out or Five Guys but you gotta check out Culver's you will not be disappointed. They also serve up Shaved prime rib sandwiches, Ruben Sandwiches, Chicken and Fish options. Not to mention the numerous Frozen Custard; there is no way you will ever get tired of the delectable concoctions that are available for dessert. Right at near the corner of Cactus Rd and Greenway Village Parkway on the out side of PV Mall is where will find them. Oops I almost forgot to mention the Cheese curds, alas I could go on and on about Culver's but you really gotta try them for yourself.
2	I almost gave them 1 star, but since they are new, and the shake was good, I raised them to 2 stars.  I have never been to Culvers before, and have seen more of them poping up, so I decided to give it a try.  I waited 25 mins in the DRIVE THROUGH.  I ordered a burger, cheeze curds, and a shake, once I finally got to the window they gave me my shake and asked if I could pull forward and wait for my food?  WTF??  I pulled forward and waited another 15 minutes for my food.  Then they got my order wrong - a hamburger with only ketchup isnt supposed to have cheeze on it.  The cheeze curds were not very good and didn't come with a dipping sauce again WTF?  This location is brand new and maybe they are still working out the kinks, but I will not be going back.
1	I don't know what Culver's  everyone else went to, but I had the misfortune of going to the same Culver's that Allen went to. Let me count the reasons I won't be back:1.) Too-crowded parking lot - Jesus H. Tapdancing, I get nightmares about Ted's Hot Dogs just looking at all the people lined up to eat unhealthy processed food. I had to walk a block away to the front door. 2.) Nowhere to sit once you're inside. All the tables are full. I had to stand and circle the restaurant like a vulture looking for a place to sit. 3.) Customer base skews elderly. I counted two - correction, three - elderly couples with walkers who needed the door held open for them. Not exaggerating. If you're under 60, you have no business eating at Culver's. But, hey, that's just me. 4.) The beverage lids are apparently dispensed from this confusing doohickey thing. I'm fumbling with the doohickey trying to get the lid for my cup, and a rude (and elderly: see point #3) Culver's employee practically yells at me, "No, you do it like this-!" Thanks. I'll remember that if I'm ever in there again.5.) The food wasn't worth the wait. Nearly every item on the menu is a different variation of their hamburger. The chicken and fish items are *very* difficult to find, even if you're looking up at the menu.  Nobody greeted  me or welcomed me with a "Welcome to Delicious" when I got there. Someone did open the door for me when I left, but that was only because I was behind an elderly couple with a walker. I have been to In-N-Out. Never disappointed. I have been to Five Guys. Never disappointed. However, I was and am VERY DISAPPOINTED with Culver's - is it a "Midwest thing?" I don't get it. Am I alone in wondering what the hype's all about? VERY OVERRATED.
2	We couldn't wait for this to open for another alternative to burgers; what a big disappointment! On our first visit (through drive thru) we had to wait for 5-10 for our food, then got home and our fries were MISSING!  I got a chicken sandwich and it was ok, nothing spectacular, but the mashed potatoes were DREADFUL! Lumpy and nearly gray in color!  Hubby said his burger was not as good as InNOut. But decided to give them another try a couple of weeks later since they had just opened. I got a fish sandwich which was pretty good, and french fries that are your basic curly fries, baked not deep fried, which was good for me. Hubby got another burger and said it was about the same. We DID tell them about our missing fries and they gave us a free order, so that was good. Perhaps they'll improve as they get more established, but we'll continue to go to InNOut till then!
5	Yum!  Glad it is now close to home.
4	Well, sometimes you have to try try again, and I did--this time chose the prime beef sandwich and I have to admit, it was yummy, although I DID have to wait a bit, place was quite crowded with mall traffic; TIS THE SEASON!  Fries were not very hot, but probably cause I ate the sandwich first. They seem to be getting their act together and may even give InNOut a run for their money!
4	We went to Culver's this past Saturday night, and it was great!When we lived in Illinois, Culver's was the big thing up in Wisconsin.  Well, through an aggressive expansion program Culver's is now being rolled out across the country and has finally made it to AZ.  Given the quality of the food and service, you would have thought they would have started in California, but happily they've chosen the KISS method.  Just good Midwestern values I guess.As the local WI media has put it, Culver's is:  "the Prairie du Sac-based franchise chain...The company opened 23 new restaurants last year, and now operates 395 locations in 17 states, with all but eight of them owned by franchise operators. Another 20 restaurants are expected to open this year."  Hey, I don't care at this point what they are.  "Franchise chain" seems somewhat repetitious, or is it redundant?  Anyway, the food is great!.  But I've said that already, right?  But, it really, really is!Culver's butter burgers are outstanding.  Think "In 'n Out", but with a Wisconsin dairy spin to it.  We ordered, one single Butter Burger Meal, including Fries and Drink for $4.79; one Double Burger for $4.29, a medium Chocolate Shake for $3.49, a large Malt for $4.29 and it all came to $18.43, including tax.  The Shake and Malt were made from their Frozen Custard.  Delicious.So, in summary -- great value, great food!PS -- Text 50101 with a "JOIN CUILVERS440" message to join their eClub.  Nice!PSS -- They need a bigger parking lot.  Way bigger!PSSS--  After reading my review, one of my Illinois friends told me we need to go back and try their Reuben sandwich or Pot-roast meal!
5	I'll be honest, the burger isn't my favorite but I do ENJOY the Wisconsin Cheese Curds. I hate ordering them because Curd is just a weird word to say, but I'm always happy I say the weird word, cuz they are worth it! The other unhealthy thing I love here are the shakes. They look and taste great! The people said "hello, welcome to delicious" as soon as I walked in and they yelled "have a great day" as I left. I just think if you were having a bad day, how could this greeting not cheer you up?
5	This Culver's is packed all the time.  This location was not popular until Culver's moved in.  What a variety of a menu!  Everything from their delish butter burgers to fish and chips and the yummy grilled reuben.  They are known for their soft ice cream - top that with some hot fudge - great treat.  I just learned that an adult can order the kids meal which comes with a full size burger, fries and a tear off coupon on the bag for a dessert of ice cream.  -Don't pass that deal up!!!!
3	Burgers are not too bad, nothing great but somewhat unique w/ the buttered bun. Five Guys is better. HOWEVER: If you are craving a classic rueben, I don't know how they pulled it off, but it is phenomenal. The bread could be a little thicker but I give this fast food spawned reuben a freaking 9.5 out of ten. I was shocked. I had one yesterday and went back today. It's also not huge (but only 588 calories) but it is filling. Go try one because I know you think I am crazy but it's unreal. Chompies is the only one better in town. This reuben is second. note: ADD MUSTARD or you are missing out on a flavor extravaganza.
1	THree hours after eating at this location, things started going wrong with the body if you know what I mean. All I ordered was your basic cheeseburger and a chocolate custard shake. The burger didn't have its usual crispness, but otherwise seemed OK. Probably a bad batch of milk for the custard. I would skip this location and try another one because I still like Culvers and it wasn't a major food poisoning incident, but something was definetly wrong with the food since it was the only thing I ate all day.
3	I have had their food, it is OK, not the greatest for the price you pay.The ice cream is great! It's very creamy...I love the turtle, but the only thing I don't like about it is that they change the flavors every day and you never know what the flavor will be, that is annoying to me!When I like something, I stick to the same thing every time. This means that I will ONLY go there once a month for the ice cream that "I" like!! The other problem with that is that I always forget when that will be, so that leaves me only going there about 2-3 times per YEAR!!! Which sucks because I DO LOVE that flavor!!
4	A couple disclaimers... 1) I despise fast food places and avoid them like the plague. I usually only eat at one on road trips when there is no other food for hundreds of miles. 2) I'm a vegetarian. No burgers or chicken tenders for me. That really limits my choices. 3) I don't really like ice cream. I don't hate it but I'm not obsessed with it like most people are. Yes, I have a pulse.I leaving PV mall and was trying to get to a pedicure appointment. I saw Culvers and had a weird craving for fries. I pull in their drive thru and see that they have a grilled cheese kids meal. I decide to give it a try despite the sorry excuses for grilled cheese other fast food places have. (Sonic's grilled cheese is a soggy disgusting mess.) Surprise! The grilled cheese was toasty, buttery, oozy goodness! Don't underestimate the power of a good grilled cheese. This one actually made a crunch sound when I bit into it. The fries were crispy, salty, and piping hot. Not freshly cut or anything but they did their job. So even if you are not a vegetarian and don't plan on ordering a grilled cheese from Culvers you can still learn something from my review. I believe you can tell a lot from a restaurant by their grilled cheese... if they can pull that off you are safe to order. I plan on returning with the fam. (Those weirdos are ice cream obsessed.)
1	Late dinner, could have been our last.  I really try NOT to post totally negative reviews cause everyone is entitled to have a bad day, but this one takes the cake.  When we arrived at about 8:30 they were doing thier nightly cleaning.  It appears as if the ice cream machine was being clean, so no ice cream desert, one section of the dining room was closed off and blocked with chairs, which by the way was also blocking a fire exit, I told the manager but she just knodded her head, admited the exit was block and then went back to work, without moving the chairs.  I'm sure glad it didn't catch fire while we were eating.  If you are wondering what kind of problem a couple of chairs could cause, just think something like Beverly Hills Supper Club Fire, in the 1970's.  Althought the food tasted o.k., the side dishes were not with the proper sandwich, making things a little frustrating.  I've e-mail the corporate office about the whole blocking the exit thing, it will be interesting to hear what they have to say.  I'll update when I hear from them.
1	The manager, owner or some bigwig called me this past Friday morning about my comment made to their website, and in the interst of saving time and space on yelp, he basicly threw his staff under the bus and stated they were cleaning that area of the dining room and were just to lazy to use the "wet floor" signs.  The fact that the area, by his admission was cleaned over 45 mins prior to my saying anything was not addressed.  He also claimed that they are cleaning and sanitizing the custard machine constantly so they can serve fresh custard.  Again, I don't think so.  I've worked behind the counter at enough fast food restaraunts to know that icecream machines are not constantly cleaned, otherwise, they would never serve anything out of them.  I've also seen crews breakdown machines early so they didn't have to stay any longer than possible after closing time. He also viewed the video and saw people moving the chairs to leave, so using them was just an act of lazyness on the part of his crew. So what does this mean for me?????  Culver's will not be my first choice, but if I'm looking for something different I'll stop in, but I'm not sure it'll be after 1:00 in the afternoon, otherwise, I might catch them in the middle of cleaning something.
4	Tasty burger and the frozen custards!
4	Can't believe I have not reviewed this locale because it is within walking distance of my Apt. I don't go here very often....but the other night I was craving Ice cream and since I had a free coupon I decided to pay Culver's a visit. I am always impressed with the Customer Service that I receive.....and usually I get my order fairly quickly. This occasion was no different.....I also have to mention that the Wisconsin Cheese Curds are a MUST. The establishment is very clean....very well lit....and even the outdoor seating is delightful. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Great Location. Great Food. Fast service. Cant complain about a thing. Im glad there is a Culver's near my home in Paradise Valley. Will return for future visits.
4	My first experience at Culver's was in Oconomowoc Wisconsin while visiting my Dad. He loves this place and it is always a tasty treat. They have a little bit of everything on their menu and it is an easy score with the whole family.It is hard to resist a Butter Burger and some Custard to finish off the meal. Normally go crazy and order more than I need to eat. You can always walk it off at the PV Mall right next door. I've tried the Burgers, Chicken, BBQ Beef, and several others on the menu. Food is always good and it reminds me of going back to the Midwest to visit family and old times. Nice!This location is a little smaller than some of the others. Get there early to beat the crowd during that shopathon time of year and don't forget to order some Custard.Cheeseheads Rule!
3	People rave about their butter buns, but I don't taste anything different than any other regular hamburger.  Their custard/yogurt/ice cream is really good, of course.  But as far as food-wise, nothing to write home about.  I do admit, their crinkle cut fries are pretty good - they were crunchy and had just enough salt on them.  Our son had the kids meal which came with a free custard (you have to tear off the coupon off of the kids meal bag - easy to miss if you don't pay attention to what's written on the bag).
5	We love this place.  Great variety and quality of good for a reasonable price.  Delicious custard and other comfort food are a big draw for us.
3	4 stars for their bonfire s'mores frozen custard. 3 stars because they changed the milk chocolate flakes they put in it. 2 stars because they don't have this flavor as often as I'd like.
1	Never again!!   We have been bombarded here in Phoenix with adds about Culver's  fish sandwich, and even though I have never eaten at this restaurant, the adds looked so good, I thought I would give it a try. For anyone who has eaten the horrible stuff at Long John Silvers, this one is just the same.  It was greasy beyond belief.  The lettuce was like slime and what they call cheese, I did not recognize as cheese. That's not the worst part, they actually charged me $5.35 with tax!    Yikes!  I want my money back!
3	The decadent bacon cheeseburger is two steps above the fast food competition. And the tasty fries have a unique cut that you don't always see. The owner appears to be present and friendly.However, there is a consistent offensive odor upon entering the small front foyer that is halfway between sour milk and a dumpster in July.  It could choke a horse, and I have never encountered it in another restaurant.Please assure us that is not intended as part of the old-time appeal of Culvers.
3	I only comes in once a year for my birthday specials.  The menu prices here are fairly high and super expensive for my taste.  But I do enjoy the way they cook and prepare your food.  Good place for "actual" fresh hot food.
1	Closed! I drove by this location today (June 2014), and was sorry to see the building fenced off and the signs removed. Guess it's closed for good. Too bad, the cheese curds were yummy and the custard was delish!
1	Yup, this location has closed.  I can't image why with a combination of poor quality food and a dirty interior.  But if you ever filled out a survey, or even directly contacted Culver's, you know they don't seem to care how their stores are or how the franchisees run them.
