3	It's great for last minute cravings. Good location near NorthLake. Food is not consistent. I've seen them change staff every few months. I have been eating here for two years. Large portions at reasonable prices. Best things are the Pork Friend Rice, Prok LoMein, Chicken and Broc, Hunan Chicken, Egg Drop soup, and Hot and Sour soups. The Wings are gigantic but always have white feathers on them. It freaks me out to remember what color the feathers were. They are very friendly but their English is a bit limited. So be patient.
2	I am easily impressed by mediocre Chinese food.  This place isn't horrible but its not good either.You get a lot of food per dollar and it comes out quick but it just doesn't seem even remotely fresh.  Honestly, I liked the Lo Mein, it was just that the sauce was overly salty.  The veggies were possibly frozen and the shrimp was just a bad idea on my part.Its close, its cheap, and I like "Chinese" food.  But Lotus on Harris is only a couple miles away so that will stay as my local go to.
2	Came in today as I'm in the area... Yes it's cold out, but you wouldnt excpect to have to wear your jacket inside! Only stayed due to time for my lunch.Food is reasonable.
3	Americanized Chinese Eats.I placed a to go order and a big one at that. I was picking up for a few other office coworkers and they told us ten minutes. Kind of didn't believe that. But I pulled up and walked in ten minutes later and the food was hot and ready to go. They were pulling the last of our chicken wings off the fryer.I was able to split up the payments for the orders no problem. And the food was well packed and still steaming hot when I got back to the office. They were very busy when I went and that definitely surprised me. I guess I just expected them to be a random hole in the wall spot that only a handful of people went to. I was wrong.I ordered chicken wings and fried rice lunch special that came with an eggroll. The eggroll was filled with veggies and slightly greasy but with some duck sauce, it was decent for Americanized Chinese food. The fried rice was very basic fried rice, cooked with only soy sauce. I would pass on this if getting the lunch special again and probably go with French fries. The chicken wings were a pleasant surprise and very tasty. If in the mood, I would definitely come to this place again.
4	Pagoda is a good place to go to for Chinese food. Delicious meals, friendly staff. Restaurant is listed in a nice quiet area and food is always fresh.
