5	I'll come right out and say it : best fried chicken I've had in Montreal. They've been open for a little more than a week and I've been back three times, intent on trying everything on the menu - I'm almost there! The sides are also amazing; I loved their biscuit and the mashed potatoes, and the mac & cheese is definitely a runner up for the best in town (after my own!).  The resto-counter looks great, and the service is excellent. You can even order a picnic basket to go eat in the park across the street! This is a winner.
5	Holy crow, I never knew I liked fried chicken this much! The greens were also great, the sweet potatoes I could eat every day, the salt caramel milkshake made me (milk)shake my fist with joy, and the spicy blackberry lemon soda was delicious. And it will be even better when they get their license and can put the bourbon in it! I can tell already I will be back here again and again. I ate all this for breakfast, by the way, and I regret nothing!
5	Delicious food!!! Pick a sunny afternoon and head over for a picnic basket!
5	By now, you may be tired of reading all the love and praise for this place. You may even read our words and think it sounds too good to be true... But please, believe the hype and go to this place. Like now. I want to ensure it stays here a long time because while we sat on the bench outside waiting for our food, I knew that this place was special. The service was so friendly- I felt like I'd been there a hundred times. There are only a few seats at a counter, so you need to be able to have a plan to take it to go if it's full (which it likely will be)... Luckily the park is awesome with a gazebo you can duck under in the rain. Pretty romantic, no?I will say that it isn't the cheapest place in town BUT that may be a good thing as I don't know how often I should be eating fried chicken and salted caramel milkshakes...What a city we live in!!
4	One of the few foods that I really love but can hardly ever find in Montreal is really good Southern Fried Chicken. Well, Triple Crown Dinette has great fried chicken in spades. The location is small and there are a few seats, but this is more pickup and go (and they do offer picnic baskets as well). The gravy was a little spicy, which was nice. The hush puppies were good too. Not a fan of the collard greens, the black eyed peas or even their ginger beer. But they get two thumbs up for their fried chicken and that's all that really matters in a city where fried chicken is really hard to come by.
5	We tried the Triple Crown on the recommendation of a local we were subletting an apartment from while visiting Montreal from California. The whole picnic and bring your own wine concept sounded great for my wife's birthday dinner, but to be honest, I wasn't expecting to find great southern fare in Quebec.  What a surprise. Everything was perfect from the food, the service and the well thought out picnic basket. We liked it so much we had to come back for our final dinner in the city before heading home.Their fried chicken is among the best or possibly the best I have ever have had and I've had plenty from Louisiana, Tennessee, and south Los Angeles.  It had a delicious, not overwhelmingly heavy, seasoned batter with thoroughly cooked and still moist meat.  The sides were amazing too. Golden mashed potatoes with perfect gravy, again seasoned nicely. Mac n Cheese that looked like maybe they finish off in a broiler and tasted as good as it looked. The greens were perfect too.  The hush puppies also were the best I've had, perfect, not rock hard or gritty like they are often served elsewhere.  On our second visit I wanted to try something different, so I ordered the brisket, (but had to have more of that fried chicken too). The brisket was just as great as the chicken, a generous serving that was tender and flavorful with a great BBQ sauce.  The only desert we tried was their perfectly baked lemon meringue pie that was far above the standard. There was nothing in our two visits that we did not like or had us saying to ourselves "this would be better if..." So as good as the food was it was nice that everything else about this place was just as great. The hip young owners were extremely helpful and friendly in describing the menu as well as special sides and desserts they had for that day.  And when our food came up everything was efficiently packed in a basket for us to carry over to Little Italy Park across the street. Though they have some limited counter space inside to eat, with the weather so nice the park was the place to have our meal.  The picnic basket had everything we could need; a real table cloth, towel, large mason jar of drinking water, real glasses for the water and another set for our wine, corkscrew, candle & lighter, real plates and utensils (not paper or plastic), napkins and a trio of squeeze bottles containing their great sauces. The tables in the park did fill up on each evening we were there, so get there early.
5	Srsly. Dude. Srsly.
4	The brisket sandwich was unbelievably moist along with their homemade buns was unreal.  The chicken too is amazing.
5	Spent a couple of summers visiting family in Mississippi so i know real Southern soul food. This place is hands down the best I've ever had in Montreal. It was as authentic as it gets. The  fried chicken was delicious and not overly breaded like most places. The mashed potatoes were so creamy... and the gravy... don't even get me started on the gravy, it took all my restraint not to guzzle it. Let me not forget to mention the bacon/caramel milkshake...I was really skeptical about what it would taste like but as soon as that liquid candy touched my lips I was a believer.  The two little things were it was really cramped (not a big issue just make sure you call in advance or just take your food to go) and the cornbread was a little on the white said (lacked that distinctive yellow color). I highly recommend this restaurant to any soul food lover. Truly a hidden gem.
5	I M P R E S S I V E!!! Can't believe Montreal has southern style BBQ done extremely well. The food is amazing and they don't just do the meats well, all sides were delicious! Amazing list of whiskeys. Too bad Costo doesn't carry Basil Hayden anymore cuz they were their supplier. Bring it back!The concept is equally amazing! They parked their small store operation on the corner end of a park so you could eat in, take out or picnic in the park. Although it was slightly chilly outside, we couldn't resist. The waitress carefully packed our basket with our pulled pork, fried chicken and all our sides. They even pack a tablecloth, silverware, plates, water and mason jars for you. You know it's legit when the cook is from Kentucky. Love the open kitchen seeing all the guys running around prepping up awesome deliciousness. The ladies even had their hair in southern belle styles which I thought was a nice touch.Looking forward to coming back!
5	This was so awesome!!!!!Really great. Best service and on nice day they prepare your order in a basket with condiments and all so you can enjoy your meal in the park.You have to try it!!!!
4	Second time visiting and it's even better than last time. The hush puppies get two thumbs up, really great and spiced so well. The chicken pieces are a bit small, if you ask me, but still delicious. I love southern fried chicken and this is delicious. Service with a smile.
5	Wow, this is country cooking on a whole new level, I didn't know mac and cheese and fried chicken can be evaluated to such heights. The restaurant is really small and hidden away, there's no sign for it except for a post of the daily menu outside its door. The decor is well curated and has a very refined feel to it, even tho it's supposedly a country dinner, this refinedness is reflected in the food as well. Everything is made in house from scratch, that includes the bbq sauce and the condiments. The menu is really small (definitely not a bad thing) I ordered fried chicken, mac cheese, biscuit with gravy, and a (really delicious) old fashion cocktail. Each items were executed superbly and the favors of each dish really came thru without ever being greasy or too rich. You can just tell everything is make with a lot of crafts and love. I will definitely come back and try their BBQ and other side dishes and cocktails next time!
5	Tasty, tasty, tasty, stuff.Heart attack inducing? Probably, but worth it.Oh is it ever worth it.I love the picnic baskets!What a great idea.Pulled pork, fried chicken, hushpuppies, cornbread, so many great things.Go here.
4	The food was good. But it took nearly 25 minutes to be served, and there is no space to eat inside the restaurant. It is basically just a large space to order at the counter. But, it looks like most people who ordered there were heading out to the park across the street with the picnic baskets they give away. Pretty awesome
5	This place is Legit Good.I got The Big Nasty and caramel shake...Firstly, the shake: Holy Cow! This was a seriously thick shake, even on the 35c day I had it. It's actually a salted caramel shake, which is awesome. Get it.Secondly, The Big Nasty: This bad boy is a fried chicken sandwich on home-made bread, covered in gravy. I don't know how they did it, but they managed to make gravy-covered chicken still be crispy - that defies food physics! The fried chicken from this place is amazing (just check all the other reviews for confirmation).I didn't get a chance to try anything from their impressive boozy drinks menu (I ain't even mad - try the salted caramel milkshake and you'll understand why), but I will be going back to do so.There isn't much space in the place itself (it's little more than a counter and a couple of chairs), but they offer to give you a picnic basket to take to the park across the road (with cutlery, etc) which is really cool.
5	Coming from a US southerner, this food was very delicious. I truly enjoyed my visit.
3	Good but not great I have been here a couple of times.  This is primarily a takeout restaurant, there are a few seats inside and a couple outside.  A vacant restaurant next door is being renovated to become a more permanent seating area later this year.  On really nice days, ask to borrow a picnic basket and take your munchies to the neighboring park.On my last visit, I ordered two "meat and threes" plates:  one with fried chicken, one with pulled pork.  There was enough food for two meals each.  It was well packed in plastic containers, and was still warm even after a 40-minute trip home.  The chicken coating was unpleasantly soft; the pulled pork had not much sauce, and not too much flavor.  However I was disappointed with most of the sides:  soft fragile hush pupppies, extra-salty burnt cornbread, leathery sweet potatoes.  I didn't order any sauce, because it was extra -- on reflection, maybe a sauce would have livened things up a bit.While I waited, the staff were very friendly and chatty.  The owner talked about the renovation plans for next door, the lack of air conditioning, and the possible locations for a second branch.  It was fun to watch the ginger beer and other drinks being made to order, shaken with ice in Mason jars.I'd like to try a couple of other things on the menu, including their drinks.  But overall not very impressed.
5	This spot is bombs. They got a great cocktail list, bourbons and stacks and stacks of bottles of bitters on the shelves. You know you're in for a good ride. It's right across from the park and if you ask them to prepare you a picnic basket, they literally put everything you order in a picnic basket so you can bring to the park and have yourself a picnic. I'm talking real legit plates, silverware, glasses for water (they even give you a large jar of water). The lady didn't even tell me I had to return everything, CANADIANS.We ordered the fried chicken, brisket, pulled pork, mac and cheese (get the large, it's the best mac and cheese I ever ate, stringy elbows that are like spirally, zesty cheese, just perfect) For sides definitely get the fried sweet potatoes, I hate sweet potatoes cause it's sweetness is trying to tell me dessert time when it's not, but this side ain't trying to fool nobody. Also, go to the deli across the street to get some beer because it's just not a picnic without booze. Not sure if you can drink in public, but if you got a gingham picnic table cover (which they packed for us, WTF right?) no cop is gonna be suspicious of you at all. You're good money. This place is good money. Great value, great people, great area.I think the reviews are skewed higher in the summer due to the picnicing aspect of this place. Because it seats about 8 peeps in the whole restaurant/bar, so if you come in the dead of winter, you'll either wait forever to sit and eat, or eat out in the Montreal cold. The fried chicken is the worse, surprisingly. I think it's due to them taking the bones out of the breast and thigh. Bone = flavor and juices. Rookie mistake, I shouldn't really let that go but that damn red gingham picnic table cover...
5	This spot is the jumpoff.  Seriously, the best fried chicken and pulled pork I've ever had.  The Mac n Cheese is off the chain.  The folks inside are so kind and helpful... really must be Canadians.  They hooked us up with a huge picnic basket, plates, real silverware, water and glasses (real glass!) and a tablecloth.  We ate outdoor on the picnic tables at Little Italy park across the street and had a straight-up feast!  We had some booze that they made for us... Kentucky Mule's and Old Fasioned's are out of this world from there.  The deep fried sweet potatoes are a must have for sweet potato enthusiasts like me.  The hushpuppies are deep fried cornbread and taste great too.  I was also a big fan of the collard greens... delish.  Very eclectic place inside... really feels like it is straight out of Kentucky or Tennessee.  The proprietor/chef is from Kentucky so you know this spot is legit.  I'm adding this place to my must hit spots in Montreal.
5	Came in for my first trip to Montreal....so many places to eat...yet we had no idea what to choose so we picked this place based on the review of having the best fried chicken in montreal....boy it did not disappoint!We order 6 piece of chicken with mac and cheese and collard greens...deliciouscocktail list was impressive...order 2 shots and a beer
5	I'm actually contemplating leaving Verdun (which I LOVE) to move up to this neighbourhood just so I'm closer to Triple Crown Dinette - it's THAT good!Seriously, the fried chicken here is probably the best in Montreal and one of the best I've had in my life. (The only place I've possibly had better was down in North Carolina where they used Corn Flakes crumbs and deep fried the chicken in pure butter!). But it's not *just* fried chicken. The sides are amazing as well, the gravy, the mashed potatoes, roasted sweet potatoes, hushpuppies, mac'n cheese, braised Collard greens - all of it is stellar - then there are the daily specials which change all the time. Desserts change all the time as well. Today it was Lemon Meringue Pie and Bread Pudding with Bourbon sauce to give you an idea.You will have no choice but to arrange to make multiple trips here so that you can eventually eat your way through the menu and that's saying something!It's a tiny space, with only 8 sitting spots, they do most of their business with take-out and particularly during the summer months when picnic baskets are arranged and everyone eats at the park. From what I understand, they will be expanding soon and will also have a proper sit-down restaurant which serves the same awesome food.Triple Crown Dinette people: Seriously, just expand all over the city already and put KFC out of business.  Come to Verdun, cheap rents abound and then there's the park beside the riverside as well!
5	Delicious food!!  If you're craving real southern US food then this is the place!  The corn bread is the only shortcoming to this place.  Otherwise the food and drinks are spectacular!
5	Service was amazing, food made from scratch and to die for!!! I felt like I was at home and well worth the wait. Great ambiance like I went back in good old souther times. Waitresses always with a smile and my belly too.
5	If you are looking for orgasmic-ally delicious food, DTC is the place. Everything about this place is great. Awesome food, Great cocktails, Friendly service &  Reasonable price.       This place looks like a family run diner from the 20's and they have classic 20's music playing in the background (How long blues - Anthony b, I dream of lilac time - Jeannine.....etc).      We ordered the Big Nasty, The daily special "Pork belly", Hushpuppies, Mac & Cheese and the fried chicken. We also ordered milkshakes, and couple cocktails. The milkshakes & the cocktails were really great. The big nasty is Deep fried chicken between biscuits topped with gravy. It hits the right spots instantly.The hushpuppies are delish...... Deep fried & crispy. The Mac and cheese....Oh Yeah. Its just perfectly done.  Can't wait to go back to this place next week to try other things on their menu.Food - AwesomeService - FreindlyAmbiance - Homely & CozyWorth the money - Awwwww Yeeaaahh
5	Love love love this place!Walking in here is like stepping into the a old southern dinette! It's so cute, cozy and homey! They have jars of pickled veggies along the wall and the drinks menu is up on the wall behind the counter. I came here with hubby and the kids. Although they were super friendly and nice it's not very kid friendly since the seating is tall swivel chairs at a counter. But my kids love this place and fought over the last piece of fried chicken as well as the mashed potato and sweet potatoes. They liked the hush puppies too but loved the the other too. The fries chicken was perfectly fries so tender and well spiced without being greasy! Hubby got the pulled pork which he refused to share it was so good. The seating area is tiny but last time we were there they said they were expanding and would have a larger seating area soon woohoo! Can't wait to go back!
5	OMG, this place was so good - who would guess that Montreal could do American Southern food better than most American restaurants?  I had the fried chicken dinner with collard greens, hush puppies, mac and cheese and biscuit - every single items was fantastic - the chicken was crispy yet, tender on the inside and perfectly seasoned...the hush puppies had the perfect amount of salty/sweet and the mac & cheese was very cheesy.The place is tiny so arrive prepared or arrive early!  I really want to try the brisket next time...
4	This is a great place to go in the summer. It's right across the street from a beautiful park in Montreal's Little Italy district. You go up to the counter, order your fried chicken, lemonade (comes in mason jars!) and fixin's, and then wait for them to bag it up for you. Then you head to the park and eat your fill. I enjoyed the fried chicken (although I found it a little overdone and dry), and was impressed by the quality and the variety of the sides. The hush puppies were great (albeit a little sweet), and the mac and cheese was good. I would disagree with some people on here who think that this place compares to real fried chicken joints of the American South, but hey, maybe I'm just a huge snob? Either way, this is a great place to check out on a hot summer's day.
5	Best fried chicken. I usually don't eat any deep fried stuffs, but today I decided to give this place a try. Best choice ever!I ordered the two pieces of chicken with Mac and cheese and slaw and a gravy. OMG the gravy is to die for!!! Absolutely the best!The chicken is tender and crisp. The coleslaw was a good balance too Can't wait to go back!
4	I went this cool southern style restaurant for my friends birthday.  So we reserved the next door room for a group dining.  For $25, we have got pretty much all the foods in the menu and it was so enough and Mmmmmmm for 11 people.  Mac & Cheese is definitely my favourite as well as smoked brisket......OhhhhStrongly recommended for a group dinning.  One more thing, staffs are all super friendly.
5	New favorite spot! Got the corn bread fritters, pulled pork, taco stew and finished with caramel brownie! The lemonade was refreshing also. Everything was delicious! Great in summer if you want to go to park next door they pack a picnic for you!
2	On my way to another eatery, I was intrigued by the reviews and decided to override my initial choice. I ordered the 10 piece chicken, Mac and cheese, and the coleslaw. Because it was take out only, I was told it was about a 20 minute wait. I asked for the picnic basket so I could take it across the street and eat with my 3 children. 45 minutes later (!!!!) I ditched the picnic basket idea and went straight home. I now had big expectations for this much talked about fried chicken.  The big chunky pieces of chicken were fatty and undercooked. Unbelievable! The Mac and cheese lacked pep, and the coleslaw was actually the only saving grace of the whole meal and that's not great given my kids didn't get past the fatty chicken. Neither did I. It was frankly just gross. I really really really wanted to like this place as the people were friendly and the atmosphere lively.  Will keep looking for the best fried chicken because it's definitely not at this place.
5	Best FRIED CHICKEN in the city. Great Southern drinks, too!If you're into Southern cooking, then Triple Crown is definitely worth a visit. While the Fried Chicken is my favorite, the Brisket is pretty damn good, too. Both of these and the Pulled Pork (which I haven't yet tried) are available as "Meat and Threes" where you can pick 3 of several side dishes. Of all the different side dishes, I'd recommend Biscuits (best in the city), beans (made with bacon), and greens. But they're all pretty tasty.Another great dish is the Big Nasty, which is a fried chicken sandwich on a biscuit topped with gravy. Gawd, it hits the spot.I'd also suggest trying one of their many bourbon drinks, as well as deserts -- it's kinda unfair just how good the bread pudding is.
4	When visiting Montreal from the US mid-west, why not visit a place specializing in American southern cooking? The chef is from Kentucky, the menu is representative of great regional American cuisine. The staff is super super friendly and knowledgeable. The fried chicken is delicious, as is the macaroni and cheese. Greens and beans are both flavored excellently. Stray misfires: the oddly gray mashed potatoes and gravy, the lackluster cornbread and the bread pudding which doesn't resemble any bread pudding I have ever encountered. The dinette itself is tiny, but they do often open the larger dining room two doors down (but connected to the restaurant behind the stairway between the two shops).
2	Went tonight and was pretty disappointed. I had the brisket sandwich and my friend had the fried chicken. We shared the creamy coleslaw and the sweet potato side. The brisket was really fatty and hard to bite through. The sauce and the bun were good though. The fried chicken was not crispy, pretty soggy. The creamy coleslaw was delicious. There were 4 sweet potato pieces, and the 2 smaller ones were good. However, the 2 larger pieces were pretty undercooked and not really edible. Sauce that went with them was good. Had the lemonade, that was good too. It was nice having a picnic, but for 41$, it wasn't worth it and I don't plan on going back. Blackstrap BBQ in Verdun, imo, is much better.
5	Best Fried Chicken in Town!Triple Crown does a very traditional southern fare menu that includes fried chicken, brisket, pulled pork, homemade biscuits, and all those other good things that represent everything that's good about southern home cooking.Their "Meat and Threes" let's you choose from your preferred meat and 3 of 8 different side dishes, which helps keep it interested. They also have a three different sandwiches, of which The Big Nasty should be at the top of your list to try.Although seating is limited, during the summer months you can have your order packed up in a picnic basket and take it to the park across the street. They'll even mix your cocktails in mason jars to take along, and their list of mostly bourbon cocktails is certainly worth some sampling.And if, by chance, you have any room after filling up on biscuits, gravy, and other fixings, you might want to give the bread pudding a try -- it's actually the best I've ever had.
5	hey colonel sanders, this chicken is finger licking good!i love the place despite the slow service. wait time can take forever even with extra cooks.the fried chicken is quite tasty and crispy but, to me, i like it really crispy and they don't deliver on that part. still, it's really good.the mac n cheese is good but i found it too saucy and it's missing a little something to take it over the top. i like my mac cheesier/heavier less saucy and it could use some bacon to give that extra texture/bite and elevate it to heart attack inducing.the biscuit is buttery goodness. the sweet potatoes are to die for. the mash potato with gravy, can't go wrong. i did find the hushpuppies to be a bit dry. the greens, i'm not a fan of though.the homemade lemonade with bitter is probably the best one out there. the float is a float. good gelato makes the float. the milkshake is not bad either. as for alcoholic beverages? i stick with my trusty old fashioned. why? not a lot of places offer such classic drink so it's hard to venture when they have it on their list.the desserts? ever changing. what i got was a peach bread pudding i believe. that one broke the camel's back. couldn't finish it. it wasn't the best i ate, it's good nonetheless but by that time, after their combo meal, i was just full. i've been skipping dessert ever since and just stick with the drinks and food or just get dessert.
5	Wow! That's a nice find (you must rely on the address to find it; no sign on the window). I nerve thought I could enjoy fried chicken so much! The pulled pork is also delicious. It is very well spiced and SO Yummy. It's a very small place, with very friendly service. Perfect for take out! The menu options are limited, but everything we tasted was fabulous (even the braised greens!). The Mac & cheese is outstanding. Good drinks options.
5	A tip from an insider can really go a long way in the Montreal food scene. For this place, I recommend calling in your order and then picking it up. Talk about saving yourself some serious wait time! Other than the wait, which was two hours last summer when I went to TCD for the first time, the food here is magical. The fried chicken and biscuits are worthy of any southern grandma's kitchen and the picnic-style service is better than any sit down brunch I've been to.
4	Finally i got a chance to enjoy DTC picnic basket meal. My order was a meat + 3 - fried chicken + 3 sides (Mashed potatoes n gravy, hushpuppies and cornbread)Note: In the summertime the wait is hella long, my 45 minute wait became an hour wait, patience chile should be your mantra!The fried chicken, though good, was not crispy enough for my liking, it lacked the crunchiness I crave. However, my 3 sides were the showstoppers! Hushpuppies with the sauce is amazing. I am guessing they are dipped in chickpea flour batter. The cornbread was warm and went well with the gravy.The gravy here is a nice peppery kind with the right amount of thickness and consistency.I wish there were more places like this which have a picnic basket option.
5	Was visiting from texas and this place is by far the best southern resturant I've been to. Everything here is great.
5	Fantastic. Everything. Just go.
4	Great food, ambience, service... I tried the fried chicken and sweet potatoes. Both very tasteful (not magical though). Lemonade was not the best. I do suggest this place for take-out as they will pack your order on a picnic ready basket with everything you need. I did not try the bar but it looks good. Next time I will call ahead for my order and enjoy it in the park across the street on a perfect picnic set.
5	I had been hearing good reviews about this restaurant and have been wanting to check it out for a while. Luckily today, I had the chance to go. At first, my friend and I couldn't find the place for there was no sign outside. We walked right by it. When I walked in I wasn't expecting the place to be so small. However, this made me happy. It gave it a real intimate feel. The place's decor has a 1960's diner vibe, really cool. The menus are made out of printer paper and cut out by hand. I loved it, it was simple and added authenticity to the place, along with the pickled goods and family photos on the wall. Malt shop music played in the background. It gave me such a cozy nostalgic feeling. This place is a hole in the wall and I wouldn't want it any other way. It's just a simple diner where you could grab exceptional food at a low price.Our waitress was great and very knowledgeable regarding the menu. She explained everything in great detail, including all the sauces we had on our table; and gave us recommendations. It wasn't long before she served us their signature homemade iced tea, which was terrific.The food is without a doubt, extraordinary. They serve original southern dishes and create flavour combinations that you will not find anywhere else in Montreal. My friend and I were getting full but were determined to finish everything on our plate, for we didn't want to waste such delicious food.I can't wait to return and bring my boyfriend to this restaurant. There are so many other wonderful things on the menu to try.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in a heartbeat. Now, GO!
4	Enfin! C'est fait, j'ai goute a la cuisine du Tripple crown. Je dirais le concept est meilleur que le gout, ca reste bon! Les HushPuppies sont malade avec la petite sauce blanche, un incontournable! Le dessert etait incroyable: tarte au babeurre et citron, creme fouette et coulis de bleuet, wow! Le reste etait bien, mais sans plus. Le service A1 et rapide, le panier Pic nik etait parfait et franchement j'ai adore le concept! Je vais y retourner pour essayer autre chose, comme le boeuf!
5	My review is not necessary because everyone else nailed it. This place is simply awesome. The fried chicken is so delicious and not greasy at all. You will not feel bloated or disgusting after eating at the Triple Crown. I recommend the salted caramel shake :)
4	Food are nice and creative. The way they run the restaurant is very smart. However, it is too chill to sit outside for me. So I chose to sit inside which is too crowded. The chicken was fin, i only eat the skin. The gravy was fine. Everything is normal
4	If the weather is beautiful, definitely order your food to eaten outside. We can't stay away from here. We once came in 6 of us, and we're all big eaters, so we were able to order one of everything off the menu. We were completely satisfied with every single dish! The standout dishes were definitely the hush puppies, mac and cheese and pulled pork! And for the first time in my life, I had bread pudding. This is something I have never been interested in, cause the idea of bread in a pudding sounds gross. Well I happily eat my words, their bread pudding has turned me. I can never not order every time I walk in those doors. It's unfortunate how hard it is to find, and how tiny the place is considering how huge many people want to be eating there. everyone behind the counter was awesome, and the chef even lived in the south, which explains why everything tasted so authentic. definitely recommend!
5	This place is a serious hole in the wall! You would not know it from looking at this restaurant or even ordering at the register that their food is glorious! You gotta eat here if you want a homecooked and simply splendid meal.
5	Very very nice place for some tasty food. Specially if you go with friends, they offer you picnic basket with everything inside, you can go to the park and enjoy your food.Highly recommended, especially their "Big Nasty" with the hot sauce.
4	Wicked concept. You get a basket of food with all the provisions to picnic in the park. Hella cute. They also have an indoor dining space that's super cool vibes and there's plenty of room for a big group.It is American comfort food so don't expect anything light. Just don't even come if that's what you want. Everything is good. My pick is the brisket. Give it to me, don't stop,.want more, can't get enough. Greens can be better. Still love you but, real talk. Mac and cheese was a crowd pleaser. I'll be back.
5	Ah. I adore Dinette Triple Crown! First of all they will give you a picnic basket (yes, an actual basket) full of food and provisions so you can take your meal across the street to the park and eat there. That alone would win me over. But, the food! It is also so, so delicious. I ordered a "Meat and Threes" with brisket, vinegar-based cole slaw, mashed potatoes, and corn bread. I would have never expected to get American Southern food this good so far north and in another country, but I was pleasantly surprised.The shop itself is fairly small - just a few bar-like seats by the window. The workers are so, so nice though and they have a great-looking cocktail list, specifically the bourbon-based ones.I'm so glad that I was able to have lunch at Dinette Triple Crown on a Sunday afternoon and partake in all this goodness with Risa.
4	Being from Charleston, whenever I see "Southern food" elsewhere, I'm skeptical. But the food Dinette Triple Crown is delicious. We had a meat + 3 to share: fried chicken (good but not great), with mashed potatoes, collards (with kale, though), and biscuits, all spot-on. They have a variety of BBQ sauces on the tables, including East Carolina vinegar and SC mustard varieties.  (I do wish they offered a vegetable plate - just a choice of three or four sides. Sometimes all you want is the sides!)Service was friendly. The place is small, with counter seating for maybe eight people. It's getting a bit cold for the picnic basket option, but I think they have a bigger room off to the side? It looked that way, but not sure.I will be visiting on a monthly basis for a taste of home. They have a Big Nasty sandwich that I look forward to trying and comparing to Hominy Grill's version. I'll also be trying the Mac and cheese and maybe a cocktail (they've got old timey choices like an Arnold Palmer or Sazerac).
5	Finally! Montreal has been in deep need of a place like this, and finally we have one - unpretentious, delicious comfort food in the style of American southern, and they pull it off with flying colours.  Everything I had here was delicious, the people behind the counter were really sweet and they even deliver this stuff to your home if it's too cold out to make the trek. I mean - c'mon. Bravo ;)
4	Love the concept! Get your delicious food in a picnic basket and head straight to the park across the road. Amazing sides! Only downside: It's pretty busy at certain times, especially weekends, I had to wait 40 minutes last time to get my basket.
2	I was really excited to try this place but so disappointed once I did. Worst mac and cheese I had in a while. Chicken was very so-so. Nothing was on point. I don't get the hype over this place. Plus, it wasn't cheap.
