5	I love circuit training with Kate.  I'd even dare to say it's FUN.  Don't get me wrong...it's hard.  Like, the hardest I've ever worked out.  But here's the beauty of circuit training:  just when you think you can't take anymore, it's time to move on to the next thing!  The stations that she creates keep things interesting.  Kate also provides a kind of "tough love".  She will NOT let you slack but she's also very supportive and encouraging.  I also have significant knee problems and she's able to accomodate me easily.
5	This has been the best workout program I've ever had.  Kate knows just what to do to make your body respond to training like it never has before.  She creates interesting and efficient circuit training stations so your workout is fun, quick, and effective. Kate is also extremely knowledgeable and understanding.  She will push you, but she won't let you hurt yourself.  I have fibromyalgia, which causes me to have a lot of pain and low stamina, and, while she never lets me give up too quickly, she is always understanding when I need to modify an exercise or take a quick break.  One think about Kate's program I especially like is that the goal is never to get "skinny".  She doesn't talk about losing weight or fitting into skinny jeans.  The goal at Never Settle is to be strong, healthy, and proud of your own body.  I think Kate's program has really turned around my personal body image, which is truly amazing.  I just wish everyone could get a workout with Kate!
5	I had always been skeptical of personal trainers before, but Kate has opened my eyes to what a good personal trainer can do for you.  She's been heavy and out of shape and came back and got herself healthy and in shape...so she understands exactly what all of us who aren't in good shape (yet!) are going through.She is extremely friendly and knowledgeable and builds customized workouts for each and every person.  She pushes each person right up to the limit of what their body can do...not just up to where their mind tells them they can't do any more.  She keeps you motivated so that you're wanting to do more and pushing yourself.  If you let her know what you do (or want to do) she'll make sure your workouts are aimed at those goals.  For example, I'm training to run a marathon and my wife is training to play roller derby.  Kate has built workouts for each of us that focus on the specific strength and endurance that each of us need to reach our individual goals.I also love that she doesn't focus on "weight loss".  It's all about strength and endurance training.  Any weight loss is just a side effect of getting in shape, getting active, and building up some muscle.  But that makes it a sustainable wright loss that diets just can't ever provide.  Which reminds me, Kate can also do nutritional counseling and meal plans if you want so that you can maximize your outcome.So Kate and Never Settle Fitness took me from a couch potato who didn't trust personal trainers to a guy who works out three to four days a week, runs three days a week, does every 5K he can find and is about to do his first marathon.  I've never looked or felt better in my life.  Thanks Kate!
5	Kate is fantastic. She tailors a workout to your abilities, pushes you just hard enough to test yourself, and I like working out in a private studio vs a disgusting "gym". I wish I lived in Vegas, I'd utilize her services in a minute.
5	an amazing trainer that knows how to motivate and push to create a great workout experience that will keep anyone motivated and wanting to keep moving forward.
