1	Ordered a pizza and cheesebread for carryout, when I arrived I was informed that they do not handle bills larger than $20.After trying to "break" my valid US currency at the nearby CVS (which would not...)I went back, to have the manager tell me they could not accept my valid US currency.I guess throwing away food is better customer service than accepting a paying customers money.I won't be back.
3	This is a carry-out only location and they always seem to be away from the counter... I'm not saying they take forever away from the counter but for a tiny place I'm always wondering where they could be... anyways, the staff has always been friendly during my pickups. The previous review is correct in that they don't take anything over a $20; I think part of that is that they are not in the best area... I use a debit card so that doesn't matter to me at all. The new pastas they have here are very good so give them a try.
5	Best pizza we had in a long time. Thanks. I don't think anybody beats Pizza Hut and the way they did the pizzas
1	This place has crappy customer service. They forgot part of our order from tonight. When we called to get it corrected the manager was rude and unhelpful.
1	This is a HORRIBLE Pizza Hut location. I don't know what their problem is. I've had orders messed up five different times now. One of the times the manager gave me a credit for a free pizza, yet next time I called in the other manager said that I couldn't have it for free, but only a discounted price. THEY HAVE AN ACCOUNT FOR ME ON FILE, it's not like I just pulled that out of my A** when I called back!!Our food has been incorrect, things have been missing, and it has shown up bone dry before. No fun, and they don't even act like they care when you call.The latest debacle this evening was the wings. I like my wings saucy. Shouldn't be a problem, right? A long time ago, I ordered their wings and they were mostly dry. So from that point forward, I ordered extra sauce, which you have to pay 50 cents more. Yet every time I did that, the wings were drowning in sauce, so I didn't even need the extra sauce on the side. I kept paying for extra sauce for no reason. Tonight, I orders wings (no extra sauce) and just put a note to make sure the wings were sauced well. My order is delivered...NO blue cheese that I paid money for, and the wings have spots where there isn't any wing sauce on them at all. Seriously??!!!!!I called and spoke with an extremely unhelpful guy, he sounded young. He wasn't listening to what I was trying to say and at one point said that I could order my wings without sauce on them. WTF my problem is that you guys don't put enough sauce on them!!! He then went on to say that my note said extra sauce and since I didn't pay they didn't put it on. Yet A) my note never said "extra" and B) I always got the phone call from them in the past saying if you want extra sauce you have to pay the driver 50 cents. No phone call this time. I assumed that my directions in basic English would be clear to the average Pizza Hut worker. He said it's how they "interpret" the note.There is another Pizza Hut location closer to me, but for some reason this is the one that is assigned my address for delivery. Apparently the credit that they wanted to give me for the blue cheese is only good if I order from their location again. What a joke. I told them to not bother with the credit and hung up.I guess from now on we will only be eating Pizza Hut if we want to pick up our order, since we're done with this location for good.
1	Well let me start off by saying that when you first wall in the place it smells like sewer!The lady at the counter is also the lady making the pizza , how do I know this well her hands were full of white cheese (the older lady very nice but not so clean) and when I got my Debit card back it stuck like cheese!!  Gross I will not be going there again.  I hope she washes her hands before making the Pizza.  This is the Pizza Hut on 7th st and union hills.
5	I live nearby and probably order from here at least two or three times a month. I usually pick up my order and order online. I have never had a negative experience and have actually had great customer service every time. Maybe they have made some changes as I see others have not had as much luck. Either that or we reap what we sew I suppose...
1	RUN AWAY. They may have a Pizza Hut sign and Pizza Hut food, but with the service you get, you would think you are in a back alley getting surgery from Michael J Fox. Metaphor aside, this location is TERRIBLE. Spend the time to go to a different location. They have an average of 2.5 stars for a reason. I placed an order online at 8:09 that was followed immediately by the email saying my food will be delivered at 8:39. At 8:20 I missed a call because I'm busy enjoying a laughter filled night in with my boyfriend. I check my phone to see the time at 8:21 and saw that I just missed a call from a number I didn't know.  FYI - I'm new to the area and AZ in general so every number is foreign to me.  I check to see if I have a voicemail from that number......NOPE....I go on about my night.  Fast forward to  8:59 when I checked my phone again (20 minutes after my food was supposed to arrive), I get frustrated thinking the food should have been here.  I look up their number and give Pizza Hut a call **SPOILER ALERT** It was Pizza Hut at 8:20pm.I call back, asking what's going on and instead of getting any information, I get told, "Hold on." Then I'm talking to someone new. Adam. Who I can assume is a manager, maybe? Anyway, I come to find out that my card was declined (thanks Chick Fil A and your security breech) and that they cancelled the order after I didn't answer my phone (because no American has more than one credit card). I bring up that I didn't have a voicemail from said caller which contradicts their policy/protocol which IS to leave a message. Said manager ADMITED that she (female caller) didn't follow protocol and had no sympathy that now an hour has passed and I'm a very unsatisfied client. Did you get that?.. The manager ADMITTED that they didn't follow proper protocol for this situation.  Adam, like a robot, kept repeating, "the best I can do is give you a $5 credit."  Adam said they canceled the order after I didn't pick up the phone.  That's how disposable of a customer I am?? You're too lazy to leave a voicemail?? What if I was taking a shit? Screw me, I guess since I missed your call I don't get dinner tonight.  I'm supposed to have pizza hut's number memorized and know that a random 623 number was them?? Oh wait.... I would assume any reputable business would in fact leave a Voicemail if they needed to get in touch with me. Ok well I'll remember that the next time I'm hungry. Oh balls, that's now. Well at least I have credits. They're low in fiber, just like everything else...because they're NOT FOOD! What could have made it right? Say "I'm sorry," I'll give you a different card and you get someone to bring me the dinner I ordered. But who am I? I'm just a simple girl with simple expectations.Just do yourself a favor and DO NOT expect any customer service from this location. Go elsewhere. I will be driving to a different Pizza Hut just to avoid this kind of awful handling of issues that arise. I know things happen but the way you deal with them is how you retain customers. Shame on you Pizza Hut.  I asked Adam, "Is it worth it to you to lose a customer who just moved to your area over a $16 order?"..... Apparently the answer is YES.  Employees don't follow protocol and do their due diligence to ensure their running a smooth a customer focused/customer satisfied business.  Worst Franchise EVERRRRR!
