2	Ahhh, teen angst!  My student Kelly works here and she rules so I have to give it 2 instead of 1 stars.  No one understands my pain, I cut myself so I feel alive.  I wear black on the outside because black is how I feel on the inside.  Mom and dad just don't get me. I am too original, my style absolutely has never, EVER been done before!  Punk is NOT corporate!!Seriously though, I have never shopped here.
3	I'm too old now to shop at Hot Topic for the most part, but I do go in here from time to time. Most of the stuff in here is ugly and poorly constructed. On the upside, it's all pretty inexpensive. Apart from the quality going down a bit here and there over the years, this place has managed to stay reliable and the same. It's a good place to buy band t-shirts... if you know someone who likes a band and couldn't go to the concert - you can get them a shirt from here. They also typically have a wide array of amusing t-shirts featuring the latest popular barely underground buzz. They're usually only ever a few months or so behind... which is pretty good and up to date for a mall store. They sell all sorts of accessories from hair bands to bracelets to purses etc... They have shoes and belts and hats and even toys and costumes. You can also buy CDs by the most mainstream indie rock or punk or numetal artists available. It's actually a fairly eclectic store - it's like punk-rock wal-mart for kids. It's really quite easy to pick on Hot Topic and the people who shop there, but to be honest it's a decent store. I'm not a teenager anymore and this store didn't exist when I was... I didn't have a store to buy punk rock type clothes or whatnot when I was a teen. I guess if I did, I might've shopped there - even though I was anti-fashion when I was that age as part of the punk ethos. Punk is very different today than it was 15 years ago or so... and punk does belong to the kids... so even though I'm sure there are still kids who are all about keepin it real and hate the idea of Hot Topic, most punk kids these days can turn to Hot Topic to provide them with the 'look' they are going for. It's all a part of growing up and figuring out who you are. It's good that there are stores like this - it helps kids figure out their identity and how to express themselves. Parents who have skate punk kids can outfit them with clothes from here without too much strain on the wallet. Aside from that, even today I can occasionally (like once every few years) find something worth buying for myself as an adult. I dare not tell anyone where I got it though - and to be honest, the things I buy from here aren't things I use much.
