1	Sushi is very small and the fish is too thin.
3	I was really wanting sushi but felt like eating at home with the fireplace on and movie on the TV. I did a couple Google searches and found Asahi Japanese Restaurant and THEY DELIVERED. I ordered edamame, miso soup and 3 sushi rolls. The order arrived in 30 minutes and only cost me $1.50 for delivery.The sushi pieces were significantly smaller then I expected but were still tasty. The miso soup was a lot larger then I expected, the equivalent to three miso soups in a restaurant. If I wanted sushi at a late hour (they deliver until 1am), I would definitely order again! But if I want a good sized sushi piece, I would go to another location.
2	Mediocre at best. Ordered in and food took an hour and a half to arrive. It was lukewarm. Miso soup was fine, but how do you screw that up?
3	Boyfriend and I were craving Japanese and were far too lazy to go to a restaurant or pick anything up (we've all had those days...right?). We ended up deciding to order from here off of Grubhub. The order took a little over an hour to get to my apartment, and since we ordered the food at 3 PM it was a little strange that it took so long. Good: The hibachi entrees come with soup and salad, and I love love love the dressing. I wish I knew how to make it myself. The food was hot, soup was good. My boyfriend got the chicken hibachi and enjoyed it.Not so good: The fried rice was okay. I've definitely had better. I like when fried rice is a little toasted and crispy, although ordering delivery probably had something to do with why ours was quite soggy. I ordered the tofu hibachi and to my dismay the tofu had been battered. Due to my gluten intolerance I probably should not have kept eating but hey, I was really REALLY hungry. The tofu was okay, it was pretty soggy. It would've been a lot better if it was still a little crispy. Vegetables were good, but overall it was a pretty heavy dish. Also, something had been leaking during delivery so all of the containers were sticky and pretty messy. Not so fun to clean up.1. I probably won't be ordering hibachi delivery again2. This place is just like the ratings -- A-OK
3	Ordered spicy tuna roll, eel roll, and steamed dumpling.  Pros- Meat to rice ratio was excellent on both sushi- Delivery was about .4 miles away and it only took them 10 mins from order to me getting it.  This was on a Friday afternoon.- Fresh ingredients- dipping sauce for dumpling was superb, sweet and tangy.Cons- Sushi pieces were smaller than I expected.- steamed dumplings were tiny!  About the size of a quarter and it only contained about 6 pcs, not worth it for $4.50.  I would definitely order sushi again but I would be wary about their non-sushi items based on my experience.
