5	When they opened the new Filiberto's on Pecos/McQueen, I was at once ecstatic and dismayed.  Ecstatic because there was a new Filiberto's VERY conveniently located.  Dismayed for the same reason - I knew at once that this location would result in too many visits and the ensuing poundage and cholesterol increase.  I'll admit it:  I'm a devout "full of gatos" addict!  My addiction was solidly confirmed the time my sister and I ate there on Christmas morning (back when they were open 24/7/365).Filiberto's is not just for the drunk.  Oh, don't get me wrong, that 24-hour drive-through lends itself to intoxicated grubbage, as anyone who has sat in the way long 2AM drive-through line can attest.  Filiberto's is a mandatory detour on the way home from a long, beverage-filled evening.  Seriously, the food has magical anti-hangover properties!  But it's also a great place for lunch, take out dinner, and Sunday breakfast/brunch.The Pecos Road location is in a new building, and is actually quite nice, especially by Fiberto's standards.  There is plenty of seating inside, it's clean, bright, and the decor is pleasant.  A sound system plays light rock (I think it's usually KEZ) at a reasonable level.  Like most fast-food places, you step up to the counter, read the menu posted on the wall, place your order, pay, and then wait for your food.  There is a counter around the corner with self-serve soft drinks, utensils, etc., as well as pickled jalapenos, fresh cucumbers, salsas and menudo garnish.  I usually order, then get some tea and load up a dish of cucumbers while I wait.The service is quick and efficient.  The people behind the counter are friendly, and when they're not too busy, they'll even bring your food out to you.Filiberto's food has to be tried to be appreciated.  It's good, solid, kitchen Mexican, served in gigantic quantities.  I can't imagine what the gross margins are at this place, but I'll bet they would cause the average CFO apoplexy.  I don't know how they make any money considering the low prices and the huge portions.Take the carne asada burrito:  A soft, warm 36" flour tortilla (but seriously, it's HUGE) stuffed to bursting with tender steak, onions, cheese, salsa and their homemade guacamole.  This thing is as big as my forearm, and only sets me back $4.45!  It's way more than enough for one meal if you're really, really hungry.  Pair it with some rolled tacos - crisply fried corn tortillas wrapped around shredded beef and smothered in cheese and guacamole, and you've got enough for two lunches for a total bill of $8.24 plus tax.  On occasion, I have found the carne asada to be a bit salty, so my alternate choice is the carnitas.  This is the same flour tortilla stuffed with moist shredded pork that's been stewed with tomatoes and onions.  The fish burrito is also excellent.  Filiberto's also serves breakfast all day - I recommend the chorizo and eggs:  Spicy, fatty chorizo with eggs, beans and rice.  It's good for what ails ya!On Saturdays and Sundays, if you're a menudo fan, this is the spot for you.  The menudo is rich, red and peppery, and is chock-full of fatty, meaty goodness (yeah, yeah, yeah, we all know it's offal, but it's freaking GOOD!).  There is plenty of hominy to round out the dish, and big marrow bones to suck on and enjoy.  Hangover or not, this stuff is great, and a huge bowl is $5.50.  I wish they had it during the week, too!Yeah, we all know eating at Filiberto's is not the healthiest, but once you've experienced the humongous greasy goodness, you're hooked.
5	A place that needs no introduction. 24 hours service, hot good food and cheap prices. Cant ask for much more. Once they added a few tapatio bottles around the restaurant it became perfect.What they lack in high quality they more than make up in quantity and price. I would recommend this place to anyone at anytime.
5	I've eaten at plenty of Fili B's, but this one takes the cake.As a general rule, Filiberto's makes delicious food in heaping portions for relatively no money.  I'm sure there's millions of calories in it, I don't care.  I recommend the Carne Asada Steak Fries.What set's this one apart from the rest is their service.  A good friend of mine owns a private bar a three minute walk from this Filibertos, and we generally stumble through their drive-through on foot between the hours of 3 and 5 in the morning on our designated drinking day.  The first time we did this I was 100% positive that we were going to get shut down, but the owner of the bar said he does it all the time and they don't mind.  We tried to get the car sensor at the menu to work but we couldn't get it to register us, so we went up and knocked on the window.  I, even in my inebriated state was mortified at the notion that we were about to get told off by a Filiberto's drive-through worker, however, the lady running it just smiled at us and asked what she could get for us.Awesome.  I go here just about every week on foot and they always serve me with a smile.  A smile that I don't get when I go through in my car, come to think of it.
5	If you're new in town or just visiting, you'll probably hear of "Filly B's" and, unless you're oblivious or don't actually get out on the town, you're bound to see at least one... no, two... er, three... well, let's just say with Valley-wide locations and knock-off variations of this restaurant you're prone to encounter it. Pretty much every Valley resident is familiar enough with this local chain that speaking its name conjures familiarity, it can be part of a joke locals understand and is a guilty pleasure for people with even the most refined tastes. It's more expensive than Taco Bell, but the quality and portions are bigger. Watch out after last call as the drive-through lines tend to back up. Most locations are open 24 hours and it's a great place to stop for cheap eats: more than likely there's one on the way home.
5	Free Wi-Fi too!
5	Another Filibertos near the homestead....score!!!  As stated in previous reviews, this is a newer location with very effecient service.  Just when I didn't think their glorious food could get any better, I tried a new burrito today, the ADOBADA is the bomb!!!!!  Tender chunks of marinated pork in a reddish spicey (and somewhat tangy) sauce, homemade guacamole and shredded cabbage wrapped in 36" of mexican goodness.  Now, where did I put the Tums?
3	I really like the Steak breakfast burrito the best. Their 24 hour drive through is a plus too especially for someone who work night shift
3	I ordered the taco/enchilada combo. The rice, beans and taco was great (the taco shell seemed really fresh!), but the enchilada (my favorite Mexican staple) was drowning in sauce and cheese, and the sauce was extremely bland so it wasn't even enjoyable.The portions were huge and the price was great. I'll go back, but not for an enchilada.
3	Just so we're clear here, the map does not correspond correctly with the actual street address.  This Fili's is on E. Pecos and not on Az Ave.But man, Mr. Filiberto, you messed up my order today AND you cheated me out of a horchata.  The only reason I didn't notice is because it took so long for you to get my order out to me.  I was just glad to get my order.This Filiberto's is no different than any other one around the Valley.  There all about the same with maybe a couple being better than others.  This one is run of the mill.  They do have awesome 'brown' salsa here.  I asked the guy for the other salsa and he said, "The brown one?".  Yeah.24 Hours.  Cheap.  Relatively quick.  No biggie.
4	Filbertos is a chain, but unlike many others this location has indoor seating with nice decor.  The food is cheap and good, portions large.$1.00 tacos on Tuesday which I dare say are comparable to Garcia's tacos.  Massive burritos.  Not a fan of the use of enchilada sauce on the chili rellenos, however. In summary, cheap and plenty.
5	I really love Filiberto. Come eat with friends in a late evening. The food was excellent and I would recommend the
2	I only eat cheese enchilada only now. I can't eat the meat since the one that got busted with cats in the freezer so many years back.  Sorry morris for all those drunk nights of chow down.
4	Arizona burrito, with sour cream and about 6 cups filled with the green hot sauce.  That's all I have to say about that.  So good.....sooooo gooood.....
1	I decided to try this joint out since it's just around the corner from my house today. I ordered a bacon breakfast burrito with red and green sauce as I like to mix them. My first few bites were egg and grease only. Grease dripped out of the bottom and top of my burrito. Gross. Why I continued to eat I'm not sure. I hit the bacon in another bite or 2. I'm not even sure it was bacon... I chewed and chewed and chewed. I ended up having to spit it out (Sorry if that was TMI). I opened the burrito to check out the rest of the 'bacon' only to find the worst quality of bacon fat and pools of grease. My appetite was gone. From now on I'll drive the extra few miles to Los Favoritos which is 150% better quality and better prices!
4	I have eaten a countless amount of breakfast burritos from this Fili-B's location and they are always big hot delicious gut bombs of love. Evertime my parents come to visit we have to come here for some breakfast. Their Arizona burrito is also really good. Me likey.
4	What I liked best about Filiberto's is when I ordered an adobada burrito, I got an adobada burrito!  No beans, no rice, just adobada topped with a little avocado.  Most burrito's whether at fast food places are in restaurant are filled with the cheaper rice and beans and very little meat.  Thanks Filiberto's!!
4	If you don't like Filiberto's, something is wrong with you.
5	I live within walking distance to this resturant and its never let us down. It's good and REAL Mexican food made quickly. The portions are insanely huge for the price you pay and well, it's great quality Mexican food...This is no Taco Bell! We've even eatten at the resturant a few times as a family and even the inside of the resturant is fun and welcoming. If you want real Mexican food at a great price this is the place to go..skip Taco Bell!
3	Your typical bland Filiberto's, but it's always open to rescue you when the late night munchies/Mexican cravings hit. My favorite day is still Tuesday when you can get a beef or chicken taco for 99 cents. This location is a bit cleaner than others I've seen but it's still the same mediocre food joint. I wish their hot sauce was hotter.
3	I went through the drivethrough at about 10PM and got two tacos. (1.99 each) they were good, hot and fast. Its the kind of place I would hit up when you have a severe case of the munchies or have a late night at the bar. I cannot comment on the dinning room service or the food during the day but it was good enought to warrant a day time visit for sure.
5	Fili b's is the late night go to. This one by my house has the slowest drive though ever.
3	Pretty clean and nice Place . But almost every time I order they get at least one thing wrong on my order
4	Super nachos always hit the spot. Biggest burritos.
3	As all the reviews say, LATE NIGHT (after hours of drinking) and it's 2am and you are desperate for cheesy, greasy goodness....siiigh. I love you Fili-Bs! DISCLAIMER: Will cause massive diarrhea within 24 hours of consuming.
1	Both my daughter and I got to spend a fun filled Sunday sick to our stomachs, retching, plus all the highlights that go along with it.  Interestingly enough, Saturday night, we both had bean and cheese burritos with guacamole here.  I'm not saying we got food poisoning from Filiberto's, but it is definitely suspect.
4	Phoenix area staple!  Love the burritos and rolled tacos.  Perfect for a cheap meal or late night drunk food.
5	Always a good choice. The best cheap greasy Mexican food around. Service can be slow and sometimes confusing but c'mon now, this isn't fine dining, deal with it. Would eat those taquitos all day
1	I headed here for a Sunday morning hangover cure. I ordered the carne asada nachos. It came with complimentary strands of long black hair.
4	I have to say I frequent this location once a week and for years I've never had one issue. The food is amazing. I originally was going to give 5 stars until they increased the prices. For that they only get 4 stars.Pro-tip: Go inside and get a burrito punch card so that you can get a free burrito after buying a few.
2	Good late night bar food, plan to wait in the drive through for at least 30 minutes
1	Disgusting. I like cheap Mexican food (Amados, Carolinas etc). Beans are like baby food. Rice is mushy and pasty. Tacos have three times as much wilted lettuce as dried meat. Nasty. Ive tried it three times now. Breakfast burrito pours grease out the bottom even with a wrapper.
2	Family said the chicken tacos were ok, however the beef tacos I had were barely edible. They had little to no meat and what meat was in there was burnt. This has happened on multiple occasions now, it seems it may be time to hire some new cooks who can at least cook this "Mexican" food.
3	The food is fine (yes, a bean and cheese burrito can be screwed up, but I imagine it's not easy), but seriously, the employees lack in personality and ability to communicate.   It's not going to stop my visits to this place (a girl needs a burrito), but I won't spend any more time than absolutely necessary.
3	The food is really good, but I am disappointed with the price increase. I would have given 4 stars if it weren't for the price. I prefer the breakfast burritos or Carne Asada Fries.For the price point I definitely won't be coming as often as I used to, there are other places that have really good food for a better deal.
2	The food here is great. I love the steak and egg burritos and any of the breakfast burritos. They are a good size that can fill you up. The other food has good portions and is tasty as well.The thing that concerns me is the prices have gone up a least a dollar for each item since a few months ago. I won't be coming back to this location in the future. If the other locations have raised prices I will find other Mexican food to eat.I ordered a steak burrito and got chorizo. K.
1	Absolutely disgusting. Came here 15 mins out of my way for a breakfast burrito and a breakfast plate for my boyfriend and I. Get home and his burrito isn't in the bag. I call up and ask what happened and the girl straight up says' oh yeah I forgot to put it in the bag...etc what do you want to do about it?' I knew coming here was a mistake in the first place and I don't know why I agreed to it. The first time I ordered from this place a year ago, I ordered a carnitas burrito. I got a burrito with half shrimp and half chicken and it was not only the wrong thing, but foul. I swore to never order from here again, and today reminded me why.Disgusting, flavorless, unidentifiable food and on top of that, horrendous, rude service.  Do NOT waste your money on this garbage.
1	Let me tell you a little story. It's about a girl who just wanted an Arizona burrito w/ fries instead of potatoes. The villain will be played by an angry fat troll who lives in a drive thru, hates her life, and takes it out on unsuspecting tired college students. It was a hot & clear night in the chandler 'burb of az & after a long day of dodging bro's and fighting off general toolishness our heroine jumps in her trusty dodge along with her companion and they were off to scour the lands for something to eat. Upon deciding that neither wanted a fiendish burger both our heroine & her companion eagerly decided on a magical burrito from Filiberto's. Excitedly they pulled up to order but were met by a croaking voice that demanded, "filibertos what do you want!?!". Unfazed by the rudeness our heroine ordered, "Two arizona burritos with fries instead of potatoes & a large diet coke." The rude troll barked out, "Two cali burritos & a diet, that's $18.83". Confused the heroine sheepishly corrects, "No sorry I want two az burritos not two cali burritos, there's a price difference of two more dollars". The horrible little trolls comes back, screaming, through mic, "You want fries!?! This is how I have to ring it up." "Ok fine", replied the heroine as she pulled up to the pay window. Once at the window the troll was even ruder, giving the poor heroine dirty looks, and rolling her troll eyes at the heroines polite greeting. Upon paying, the heroine asked for 10 red sauces and 10 green sauces. Well this upset the troll and stated that after 5 sauces they would charge .50 each sauce. Well, the patient heroine finally lost it at this incredulous statement and her companion asked the troll point blank, "you give out free and UNLIMITED sauces inside. Is it that labor intensive to put it in little plastic cups you have to overcharge?" This was a mistake readers....the troll was so mad her fat little cheeks started twitching and she began huffing & puffing at the two adventurers and slammed the window shut. Finally! The food was done and as the troll opened the window to give the two beleaguered souls their food the heroine, wishing never to have a bad experience with anyone in life smiled and said, "Thank you!!" Well the troll was just as rude as ever and being fed up with the rudeness the heroine puts on the biggest, fake smile, and happily yells, "HAVE A GREAT NIGHT!"Upon arriving at her castle the heroine begins to devour her food only to find out the California contains guacamole a terrible substance that the heroine is allergic to. Reaching for her soda the heroine take a large gulp only to notice a strange taste...REAL SUGAR! Our heroine is a type 1 diabetic and has not dosed enough insulin to cover this deliberate attack on her life! THE TROLL WAS TRYING TO POISON HER!! Luckily our heroine had not ingested enough of the substances to do her in. Moral of the story is this readers, this food establishment is more trouble than it's worth. You may think that you are trading your hard earned dollar for a delicious burrito but what you don't realize is that this isn't the filiburtos of yore. Nay, it has been replaced by a terrible troll factory that will overcharge at any chance & then try to kill you while they do it. Stay away. Reader. Stay away.
5	I've been to many fili-b's in the valley... This one had great service and food compared to others I have been to.
2	I love Filibertos, especially after a long night of drinking with your buddies. But this one time was probably the worst experience ever. Salty cold meat. Enough said. Just sick.
1	I am giving one star because it doesn't have a choice for zero or negative, thought I would finally try Filiberto's - Egg shells in breakfast burrito, ok, give them the benefit of the doubt, happens in rare cases -  same thing in my next bite, (YUK!, spit it out) & after a look at the burrito -  eggshells throughout! I phoned to make them aware and manager wasn't available or so I was told by the rude employee who took the message. Left number for manager to call me back....no call back. Will never go back, and will stick with my Favorites - don't know how this place stays in business with the lack of customer service, bad food & higher prices than other places nearby - this is NOT the way Mexican Food in AZ is. Spoke to some family members about this place and they too have had similar experiences with disgusting food and customer service - wish I would have known ... as long time AZ Residents, do NOT recommend Filiberto's on Pecos in Chandler.
1	I just picked up a Arizona burrito. The burrito was cold and the meat was un-eatable. I figure since it was the only thing open I would give it a shot. I feel like it needs to be good since they stay open 24hours. I am very disappointed that I spent 7$ and my time waiting to get a burrito that sucked! If it wasn't 12:45am I would go get my money back!
1	Craving a breakfast burrito and we decided we wanted Filibertos for breakfast.  Ordered in the drive thru and the young man's language barrier was so bad that we had to pull up to the window to communicate.  He repeated our drink order five times. ..not one or twice,  but FIVE times and it was still wrong when we got home.  He didn't understand what root beer was and asked if it was blueberry?  REALLY? We ordered Mt Dew and learned that we got lemonade once we were home.  Ugh, so frustrating.  I understand is Mexican food,  but at least put someone that can communicate in tyne drive thru window.  Because I'm pissed and im sure he's frustrated or maybe he doesn't give a shit. But you'd think that management would care when their food costs are increased because they have to correct do many mistakes by remaking the food.  On a positive note,  the inside of the restaurant was very clean when I had to go back in for the wrong item to be corrected.
1	The taco salad was soggy and barely edible. I wont go back. Go to Del Taco instead.
