5	I had Desert Palms clean the carpets in my apartment when I moved out and I actually got my deposit back, something that never happens since apartments first thing they say is bad is the carpet but he left it like new and they could not say anything about it. I like the fact that when you hire Desert Palms the owner (Jason) is actually the one who comes out and cleans it himself. He is one of the most professional and nicest guys I have met. His prices were very fair and if I know he was going to do such a great job I would have paid more. Anyone looking to get they carpets cleaned needs to call Jason.  Iv'e had my carpets cleaned by other companies before and they guys are in and out and you can tell that they just want to get the job done as fast as possible and get out. Jason took his time and made sure he got out the stains that we had and another awesome part was that the soft water he uses did not leave the carpet in the apartment all crunchy and they dried really fast.  All in all this guy knows what he is doing, he is trust worthy and you will get a great price and heave clean carpets. I will be calling him back when I need the Tiles in my new house cleaned.
5	HAPPY FEET!!!!!   Jason Allison, the owner/operator, cleaned our entire home of tile floor & sealed the grout.  The results were unbelievable!  FLOORS LOOK NEW!   Walking around the house has never felt so good to our feet!!  We just arrived at our new to us home from out of state & the floors were filthy.  So blessed I saw his ad in coffee news!!  Jason was a delight to speak with on the phone & I knew he was the man for the job!  He was a diligent worker.  Jason has an eye for stain spots.  Plus, he was very careful with moving furniture.   I truly am amazed to have found such a hard worker who takes pride in his work!!!  His truck was amazingly clean as were his hoses. This acronym bests describes Jason Allison.....HonestAffordablePersonable/PromptPerfectionisticYour guy for carpet & tile cleaningJason takes care of YOUR FLOORS as if they were his own!  Never have I had such a pleasant experience with someone who CARES about his line of work!!!   Jason was a God send to me!  :)
5	So I called Jason with an emergency,  on the way home from water store I had to slam on my brakes,  3 of my 5 gallon water bottles had burst!   Water flooded the floor of my minivan.  Fearing mildew and rust I knew it had to get taken car of right away.   I called Jason and no joke 15 minutes later he was taking care of business!   He used super cool equipment to suck tons of water out and then cleaned my seats and carpets.   He even was able to remove a tar stain that had been there for over a year!   The inside of my van looks brand new, no stains,  melted crayons are gone, permanent black marker is gone.  Desert Palms is no joke,  I totally regret hiring someone else to do my home carpets last week!
5	My parents have owned a home in Phoenix for 15 years. The tile has been mopped on a regular basis, but never deep cleaned. Now they're getting ready to sell it and we called Desert Palms to give new life to the tile in our great room, kitchen, and entry way. Jason did a great job. He was able to lift out the remains of whatever we and the pets had tracked through the house for years in just a few hours. He said he pumped over 200 gallons of dirty water out of the house.There was a staggering difference from beginning to end. Jason was professional and gave us a great price. The house smelled so fresh when he was done.Desert Palms is also a member of Local First Arizona and I always try to support locally owned businesses whenever possible.
5	Thanks for the great tip fellow Yelpers!  Definitely deserves perfect rating. This house hasn't had carpets cleaned in over 2 years (at least) and we have pets and kids which means the carpets were a mess. Jason does all the work personally. He knows his stuff inside and out and he really cares a lot about his trade and his clients. I was so surprised at how soft the carpet was when he was done. I don't even think it felt this soft and fluffy even back when we moved in. Jason was also super accommodating and once we saw how nice the carpets came out we asked him to steam clean the sofa too which he fit in on the same visit. Will definitely be bookmarking for future use. This gets a big "Recommend."
5	I thought my old rugs were hopeless. Jason made them look brand new! He spent a lot of time thoroughly cleaning the carpets and furniture. I was amazed at the difference. And he was on time, and he's super nice and courteous. He follows up the next day to see how everything looks. Who does that? Incredible service. A real expert and I highly recommend
5	Jason was absolutely amazing. I called him to receive a quote and was amazed at the low price. He explained to me the methods and products he uses, which are all of the best quality. Even better, he was able to come in an hour at 5:15 pm! He was punctual, very friendly, and extremely thorough. All of his equipment and his truck were in excellent condition. We wanted the carpets cleaned in our new home before we move in tomorrow and he did an incredible job. He vacuumed beforehand and then got straight to work. When he was done cleaning, he went over and sprayed a very festive cinnamon deodorizer, which smells awesome. He even made sure to ask if we had any allergies before spraying. He gave us plastic booties to cover our shoes during our move and gave us a bottle of spot cleaner and explained how to use it. He was very professional and seemed to genuinely care about us as customers. We will be contacting him soon to do our tile and grout cleaning as well and recommending him to all of our friends and family. Thank you, Jason!
5	If I could rate higher than 5 stars I would! Jason was amazing and my carpets are awesome! I highly recommend this company!
