4	My hunt for sheet music and music books sent me to this Sam Ash the other day.  The location is a bit bizarre, methinks.  Wouldn't the only Valley location for this make more sense in, oh I dunno, Tempe (and not some non-descript part of Glendale)??In any event, the location was (oddly-enough) convenient for moi.  It's located in an old grocery store strip mall, all by its lonesome.  But in the middle of the day it was more hoppin than I expected.  The customer service peeps were more than accommodating.  I had no idea what I was looking for, really, but they helped me spit it out.  The instrument, guitar selection was wall-to-wall and went clear from the floor to the ceiling -- no space was unspoken for.  I rarely frequent music stores, but this once they were great -- would def. go back again.
4	More likely to have the little things you need than   Guitar Center.    Ok the fun thing about music stores now is that they have to over more than  low prices to complete with the large online sellers , e.g  customer service, availability of stock and ideally the chance to actually use  the items prior to buying.  Sam Ash so far seem far more amenable to doing this than the aforementioned center of guitars.  They have a better choice of hand held recorders, groove boxes , mics and  interface options to you mac pc ready to walk out the door.  Prices are about the same as online + tax  ( e.g your must have it now penalty )     for most of the items I looked at and the staff  , on this occasion, seemed more helpful . The prior time the guy  was unable to get the hint that  Take the  damn thing of the shelf, let me play with it and you may have a sale meant that:D    So  it's a four for now. I've never returned anything so can't speak to that.    If you buy an item  that doesn't  fit there's  30 day money back,  45 day  swap  for gear which is pretty good.      It's close enough to Guitar center to just  drive the extra  couple of miles   and for people that care about  2a  and CCW  there's not a sign that say " get bent  we don't want your money on the door:) "
5	Growing up in NY, Sam Ash was THE place to go to buy guitars, amps and such.  Prior to moving to Arizona, I only shopped at Sam Ash.  It's always been the music shop for musicians.  When I moved out here in 1998, I went to Guitar Center, while their prices weren't bad they move guitars like Home Depot moves lumber, they aren't interested in the product to match your needs, they're more interested in how much you have to spend.  At Sam Ash, they make a full attempt to match your budget with the gear that will get you the most mileage.  And unlike other smaller music shops locally, Sam Ash lets you take down the guitars and play them, and they know the features of the guitars and amps.  They have the cheaper lines of guitars such as Brownsville and Epiphone and they have other lines such as Ibanez, Taylor, Washburn, Warwick, and ESP.Moreover, they have a great repair department.  Phil completes repairs on time and within budget, whether it's a pickup installation to a basic setup.
4	This is a big, fun place to visit. Prices are just OK unless its a sale item. (I get most of my musical gear from E Bay). They have lots of guitars, but not too many, or any, used and/or vintage guitars, which is what I look for. They carry other band, string, and symphony instruments that other music stores don't carry. Every department is BIG- Pro audio, home recording, guitars, etc. Nice employees as well, unlike some Guitar Center Dudes that think they are Rock Stars!
5	I'm a drummer and Sam Ash is the place to go for all your drum needs.  Guitar center has a small selection and not nearly all of the smaller items I need.  The staff is great and very knowledgeable.  If they didn't have something I needed they would order it for me.  The guitar section is just as big as guitar centers.  I also know they have free clinics often, but I've never been so I can't speak on how they are.  Basically it's like guitar center as far as selection and prices go, but with a way better staff, and an actual care for their customers.
2	Good for various things you need to try before buying and stuff you don't want to wait to get online, but excessively pushy salesmen and complete lack of atmosphere makes this a really depressing to shop.
5	Great customer service. I send my piano/guitar students here.
5	We love this store for the variety of products and super helpful but never pushy staff. They encourage my kids to try all the instruments which I truly appreciate. Only downside is that the kids never want to leave.
2	Huge selection, staff is not too pushy, and prices are okay.  My only complaint and the reason I'm rating two stars, is the old man with glasses and white hair who works in the guitar section.He's been there for a couple of years.  He is by far the rudest and most inconsiderate sales person/human being I have ever encountered.  And I feel that's saying a lot because sales people at music stores are notoriously bitter that they aren't rock stars.  Every single time I walk to the register to purchase strings he is busy doing something or another and won't even acknowledge my presence until he is finished.  It's usually him looking at the computer and taking his sweet time doing whatever it is.  Sometimes it takes only a couple of minutes, but often it takes 4-5 minutes for him to ask me what it is I want.  THIS HAPPENS TO ME EVERY SINGLE TIME!!!  Once I asked him if he could grab me a humidifier in the acoustic room (at the time they were located behind the counter in the acoustic room) he gave an eye roll and a huge sigh as he stood up.  I flat out told him I would be more than happy to go to Guitar Center (which I wouldn't have been) and he sort of straightened his attitude.  Not much though.  Honestly for the longest time I wrote it off as the man just didn't like my hair at the time, a lot of elderly people don't.  I had dreadlocks.  Well I cut them off and went into Sam Ash yesterday, he did the same thing.  After 3 minutes of standing at the register and him not even so much as saying "I'll be with you in a moment", I went to the orchestra section to purchase my items.  I'm not sure if this happens to anyone else at Sam Ash.  But it literally happens to me every time I go there.  If this guy displays that kind of customer service skills to anyone I feel he should be fired. But really other than that I feel Sam Ash is a good store.
3	Came here after visiting Guitar Center. Frustratingly enough, these guys had even less of a selection of banjos. The acoustic room seemed to be going under some type of renovation/reset and the staff was more concerned with getting that done than helping actual customers. Only a couple of the banjos were labeled and priced. No help...time to move on.
3	Just recently sold some used equipment. They were very nice, helped me unload. Told me it was going to take a few moments. So I browsed around looking at a lot of cool stuff. This place had a whole lot of music equipment, new or used. Liked their stage they had set up. Showing live concerts on a screen. This place is really a nice place, great options, great crew. Now why did I give them a 3-star review?I understand they need to make a profit, I know they need to buy their used equipment low as possible. I did a lot better selling on e-bay and craigs list, but it was taking to much time. So i had to settle for what they offered only because of time constraints. But yes, I still think this place is cool!
2	I went into Sam Ash a week ago looking to sell one of my nice bass guitars to get some money for college.I met with one of the guys in the guitar area, he did his research, and said that he'd offer me 500 for the bass, but that I could just as easily get 800 for it on craigslist in a week. I was thrilled, since how often do you find a customer service rep anywhere that's truly interested in your wallet? I said I'd check craigslist out and asked if the offer would still be there when I came back. He said yes, absolutely and shook my hand on it. Well, life has been busy and so I figured I'd just sell the bass directly to them since they had been so accommodating and I needed the cash.I go back in, meet the exact same guy at the door, he swears he doesn't remember me (this was only a week or so ago), and tries to lowball me for the bass. I reminded him about our agreement, and he tells me there must have been a miscommunication.No, sir. There was no misunderstanding. You're just not a man of your word.Get every offer in writing when you want to buy/sell here, people.
5	Nice big music store with everything you could ask for in the way of instruments, music, accessories, etc. Service was very friendly and knowledgeable and they let my 11-year-old hold and try several instruments as he made up his mind about what he wants to play. The only drawback is that they don't rent month-to-month and once he decided he's going to try playing trumpet we didn't need a full year agreement as I have two trumpets at my parent's house in Tucson and just need to get them up to Phoenix and cleaned up. However, in terms of service, pricing, and the overall quality of the experience, I give this place 5 stars. If you're a musician, check it out!
5	This place is amazing. I've really come to appreciate getting back to my musical roots and also the Guitar Center. Both places are wonderful. I was pretty much blown away by the selection and the staff. I went there today with my pastor and his son and another one of the pastor's son's friends. Fender and a few other music manufacturers were there and when I saw the EVH guitar my heart skipped a beat. So I bought it! Yes another guitar but that's ok. EVH is owned by Fender and Fender's are legendary and play great. Eddie Van Halen is one of my all-time favorite guitarists and to have an EVH is my arsenal...is just awesome. It needs to be set up and tuned but wow. All I can say is wow. Great store, amazing staff and I can't wait to go again soon!!! Thanks Sam Ash!!!
