4	This place has a fun atmosphere and is attached to a store that has alot of things to look at while you wait for a table, or after you finish eating.  They have a quality brunch on sundays, and great bar specials throughout the week.I loved the seared tuna salad.
3	NoFo on Liz is  a yuppie artsy restaurant located right on Elizabeth Ave.  The food here is southern with a newer more elegant twist, and with more of a focus on the presentation. .  I really like their brunch, especially the coastal Benedict which includes two crab cakes under two poached eggs, covered in a deliciously creamy hollandaise sauce,  yeah baby, poached eggs and crab cakes, this is one of my favorite dishes here.  I also really like Bill Neal's Shrimp and Grits, ummm, cheese grits filled with lightly fried shrimp, bacon and scallions, this is the shit...its not the best Shrimp and Grits I've ever had, but they are still damn good.  NoFo on Liz is a cool place to take a date, the ambiance is very cool and the decor is enough to get the conversation going.  not super pricey but not cheap, they serve Brunch, Lunch, and Dinner, but so far the Brunch is my pick.  Oh yeah they also have a little shop connected to the restaurant with all sorts of girly artsy stuff, not really my forte, but the girls will probably like it. And its kind of cool to wonder through after your meal, looking at cool gear while digesting.
3	The inside of the restaurant looks like an acid trip, but it's tastefully done. The food is average, and they have good happy hour specials. I love the store connected to restaurant, it's a great place to pick up a gift when you are in a hurry.
2	Meh.  I've experienced better.Not that it was bad...just underwhelmed (sp?).  You can go next door (meaning their sister mexican restaurant) and get stuff from the same kitchen, cheaper.I had the pan fried chicken...it was tiny and just okay.  They are teetering on getting one star if the prices were too much more than what they were.  Bar looks nice for cocktails.
3	The ambience and food are great. The service is not. Star-shaped lights hang from the ceiling and the walls are a calming mint color. NOFO offers a delicious brunch menu. I particularly love the quiche and veggie omelet.But the service is slow, and the wait staff is unresponsive.I had a terrible experience when a group of us went to NOFO for my friend's birthday. It took more than an hour to get our food. We would have been more understanding if the waitress had at least stopped by to say the kitchen was busy and they were sorry. Instead we were ignored. When my friends complained, the manager was rude to us. The construction on Elizabeth Avenue can also make it difficult to get to NOFO and other businesses. Between the construction and the slow service, stay clear of NOFO if you're on a tight schedule.
4	Great brunch.  Not a huge menu but it covers most of the essentials and they have daily specials.  When I ordered an omelet with no cheese and it came out with cheese in it, the waiter didn't hesitate to have it corrected.  Friendly service and soothing atmosphere will bring me back again. They have cool wallpaper.  I never thought I'd say that about a restaurant. Even with all the construction on Elizabeth, parking across the street and walking over is a breeze.
4	I've been to NOFO on Liz a couple of times for brunch.  My first time, we entered, thinking we were going to be seated in the empty restaurant out front that looks kind of diner-ish.  To our surprise, we were led past this area and back to more seating with modern, fun decor and cool colors on the wall.  Equally impressive was the menu we were given for brunch.  It had "normal" brunch offerings...with a twist, just as I've come to love from Pewter Rose Bistro.  Crabcake eggs benedict?  Check!  The coffee was pretty delicious, too, and the service was excellent.  We had gotten there fairly early on a Sunday (before the church crowd), so it wasn't super busy yet for brunch.  On the way out, we popped into their adjacent store.  It carried some items that Paper Skyscraper carries, but not as diverse.  Plus, I saw some things with some spendy pricetags.  I've been back a couple more times for brunch and had the same enjoyable experience.  It's a good alternative to Pewter Rose for brunch if you like your breakfast items to be a little more gourmet.
2	Went to Nofo with a group of friends on a Thursday night before we headed to a concert at The Visulite.  This was probably my 3rd or 4th visit there.  Until then I had always had a positive experience.  Good food, nice atmosphere, good service.  But during our last visit we had a less-than-stellar experience.  We waited for close to 15 minutes before someone came to get our drink orders.  We then waited another 20 minutes for them to take our food orders.  We were there almost and hour and a half before our food arrived. By then we had to scarf down our food in order to make it to our show. I think the most frustrating part of the experience is that they didn't seem to be particularly busy and seemed well staffed.  In addition, we had to plead with our waitstaff to get another drink.  We payed our bill and rushed to our show.  Typically, you would think that 2 hours is plenty of time to have a drink, eat and make it out with time to spare.  I can't say I really got a chance to enjoy the food.I'll probably give them another chance because everyone has their off days but they won't be my first choice next time we head to The Visulite.
1	I have tried to like this place but after my 5th or 6th time there I finally threw in the towel!!! It is just down right gross sorry!!! over salted or under salted. service is so questionable. they should have never opened the Mexi-cafe because they need to solely focus on NOFO!!!
1	Well looks like I wasn't the only one that didn't care for  this place....Since it's now closed
5	closed!  wah!!!!
2	NOFO is now reopened.Great ambiance and fun idea - but not impressive service.  Dishes came out incorrectly, took forever to get refills, and coffee was cold.  Food was ok.
