4	Court Curios is a small, quirky shop on Edinburgh's Royal Mile. It sells a number of curiosities, from vases and crockery to an assortment of antique jewellery of all shapes and sizes.Prices vary depending on what you're looking to buy, but it's definitely one to keep an eye on as they have some unique items on offer. Some of the rings are very expensive but extremely regal. With its less expensive gifts, its great if you're a tourst looking for an alternative gift to take home!Tucked away towards the Castle, it's a wee bit of a climb up the hill but worth it if you have been sickened by the rest of the Cashmere shops on the Royal Mile. Old, unusual jewellery at its finest!
3	Normally my hate for shops which sell crap to tourists is so strong, that any shop with a name like 'Tartan Gifts' or whatever on the Royal Mile gets one star or less if I can help it.Court Curio however, which admittedly is both on the Royal Mile and a tourist shop, is some what the exception to the rule - it really has some splendid, and alternative stuff for gifts - as well as some jewelry and pottery among others.I'm not saying it is the best shop ever of course, and it is subject to the huge price increase phenomenon which occurs anywhere along the Royal Mile, but it is certainlky the best of a bad bunch.
5	My wife and i visited the store in July, the store was full of beautiful things. We looked at some pocket watches, that we wanted to buy. the watch i was looking at they had to order. But we were only in Edinburgh on holiday from Norway, and was going home the day after. Abe, the guy in the store, was so kind, that he offered to send the watch to Norway, but we have some friends in Scotland that was going to visit us in Norway during the summer, so we said that he could send it to them. 3 days after we were in his store, the watch was delivered at our friends door. The service in the store was the best service ever. one week after the visit, Abe sent me an email and asked if i was happy with the watch. They also gave us an Sterling silver lucky charm for good luck in our marriage. We will gar anted visit the shop next time we are in Edinburgh, and i recommend everyone thats going to Edinburgh to do the same.    Espen and Mia Overbye
