5	I read the "filtered" reviews about the complex and am very surprised to hear the 2 people that said they had issues of any kind.I moved in November of 2012 and have had NOTHING but GREAT experiences. Whenever I have had a problem I just go to the office and it gets fixed within a day. The most I waiting was about 2 days and that was when they had to get special equipment to fix the tub upstairs that leaked down.I totally reccommend this place to anyone looking for a place in Central Phoenix and Biltmore area as its low price, good quality and amazing amenities.Beautiful pools, free wifi, snack machines, a water machine, sports court and did I mention the pools are 24 hours? Most places "close" their pools around 10 PM.Not a lot of noise, disturbances or anything like that.Totally love it here in my studio and look forward to getting a one bedroom when I have the chance.Check out City15!
2	Cockroaches coming out of the wall!!!!!! I find at least 1-3 every morning in my bathroom!!! loud tenants, $800 rent for a one bedroom with utilities paid. This apartment looks good at first until you live here!!! Broke the lease which cost me $1800... I hate this place
4	I lived at City15 from September 2012-September 2013, and I had very few problems with the staff or the apartment while I lived there. Here is a list of positives and negatives that I experienced:Positives:Maintenance requests were handled quickly, and I had very few problems with my actual apartment while I lived there. I think I had to call maintenance about 3 times total and they were always prompt and professional while they fixed whatever was broken. The property was kept very clean.Management was helpful for the most part. There were a few situations that could have been handled better, but they were overall responsive and willing to help. My apartment had wood floors throughout and a large closet. I feel as though the amenities that I received for the price were very good. The only reason I moved out was due to increased rent. Negatives:The water boiler broke in March 2013 and the entire complex was without water for 14 hours or so. I felt as though management could have communicated the situation better as I did not even know that there was an issue until I called. The community is gated. However, shady people still find their way into the complex to go through the trash cans. I also witnessed two people stealing a bike, and the gate broke a few times which caused people to be locked in/out of the complex.They had an online payment portal when I moved and then the property management company switched over. The new company, Greystar, could not accept online payments. It was really annoying to pay by check or money order in 2013. It's like, come on we have technology.I didn't experience this, but there was apparently a rash of car break-ins in the parking lot. Someone put flyers up about it all over the parking lot, and they were removed pretty much immediately. Overall, this place is ok to decent for the cost of rent. There was a mix of shady people and single professionals living in the complex, so some of the negatives are almost expected. I've experienced much worse as far as apartment complexes go, and I would definitely consider living here again should I work in an area nearby.
1	It's a dump, the new manager is not cool. Save your money and go somewhere nicer. The area is scary and the grounds aren't taken care of. Lipstick on a pig. Truly.
