1	I called this company on 12/8/11 & a gentleman answered the phone with a "Hello". I thought I had reached someone's house by accident. The gentleman I spoke with was named "Ron" (I believe). I asked Ron about his anti allergen product "Responsible Care", Ron didn't really want to focus on my question, but more about him being the best technician out there & how most others are a scam by switching products out etc etc... When he was finished his long story on other companies scamming people & how it was the technician behind the cleaning & not the product or equipment that made the carpet clean, I asked respectfully "not to be demeaning, but how much can different techniques between techs make a difference. Isn't it really just moving a cleaner across a carpet or floor"? After all his ranting (about 5min worth) on how much the technician affected the cleaning, I thought that would be a legitimate question. The next thing I knew Ron told me "I don't have time for this, goodbye" then hung up on me! I want to be clear I have not used this company, but Ron was far from professional on the phone throughout our conversation & then hanging up on me after he became offended by my question??? If this guy is the best out there, it would be hard to get past his sales technique to try him out as he comes across as a loose cannon, from the unprofessional way he answered the phone, to hanging up on me & not answering my question. If you decide to use this company, I hope the job itself is much better than his sales pitch/question answering skills...Good luck!!
5	Great service, perfect job, reasonable price. Definitely recommended. Metro Carpet Care came by on time & called when they were 15 minutes away. Very professional & experienced in carpet care.
5	Excellent work, extremely thorough, his services are not a giveaway if your pets have been problematic.  Bottonline: my house really does smell better now and the carpet and rugs are truly clean!
5	This is the third time I have enjoyed having this wonderful company clean the carpets and tile floors in my second home in Phoenix. Ron called before arriving, arrived on time and were complete in about 90 minutes. The price was very fair and less than estimated by phone. I would rate him above 5 stars, if that was possible! Ron is very professional and his work is outstanding. I am very pleased with the results. Thank you for your great work!
5	If you have any sort of stains in your carpet like dog urine (GROSS), who ya going to call? Ron! Pros:He comes out and quotes the cost to do the work before he starts, so there is no confusion.Amazing customer service- right away he told me ways to prevent damaging my carpets even more BEFORE he even talked about moneyGets the job done- My house smells like oranges and my carpet looks sexy.Cons:Ron does such a good job that now I can't use any other carpet cleaners.
