4	my only complaint is that the place opened after i moved to nyc.casual decor and a solid menu (not too americanized, not toooo authentic) make this an awesome lunch or dinner spot.extra points because you can byob - bottle, beer, baby mama, whatever - it's regent square, anything goes!
4	This review is for the newest location in Monroeville.  I had lunch  here yesterday with some staff and what a great find!  It's located surrounded by office buildings in a strip mall  kind of place.  The space itself is okay with bright colors and about seating for 40.  It's BYOB and the food takes a long time, but it's really good fusion thai I'd call it.  The menu is massive.  We started with the roast duck summer rolls, which were maybe the best I've ever had.  It had really fresh crispy vegatables, delicious duck and a nice sauce.  I had the noodle hut special soup served with pork, crispy vegetables, roast pork and garlic.  THe flavor was really good and the broth somewhat spicy.  My associates had the curry, which was really spicy and delicious served with chicken and rice.  The portions are not overwhelming and the service is okay, but again slow.  Good addition to Monroeville.
3	I hate to do this, but can't really overlook my last experience here hence the update and the 3 star review vs. 4 star initial review.  The food is still good, I mean really good thai food.  This is probably my favorite thai restaurant now and I like it even more than Nicky's thai in Verona and now n. side.  The service has been slipping and last week was the last straw.  So, we are seated I'm there with staff, etc.   There are 5 of us.  It takes about 10 minutes before the gal sets down the menu's.  This in an of itself is not good, but not awful either.  Then we order we get some delicious summer rolls and then the power shuts down in the restaurant.  Again, no problemo this is out of your control we'll just leave.  The waitress tells us that now that the power is back our food will be out later than expected but will still arrive.  We wait 10 min, 20 min, 30 min... and we overhear her telling a customer when they walk in that they can only offer a couple cold items.  We get her attention and she comes back and we ask her how long for our food.  She now tells us that since the power shut off the gas is turned off and will be for the day, so we were basically waiting for NOTHING since we were never going to get our order.  I would have been fine if she told us this, but to have us all wait 30 minutes just to tell us we were never going to get our food and mind you she only told us this after we got her attention and asked directly.  It was totally crazy, I mean if I had never asked might we have waited theoretically all day?  The food is good, but I think I'll get take out next time.
1	someone might want to check the location on the map. this is NOT in or anywhere near Philadelphia.
5	THIS RESTAURANT IS IN PITTSBURGH. NOT PHILADELPHIA.I did not eat here. I made an order and when I went to pick it up I realized it was 6 hours west of me. I've notified Yelp of this problem and hopefully they will fix it shortly. I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars to make up for the 1 star rating someone else gave it for not being in Philadelphia. It is not the restaurant's fault that Yelp made an error in locating this place.
4	I am so happy I don't have to go to all the way to Monroeville to get this awesome Thai food!We have been to both the Monroeville location and I ordered takeout lunch from here the other day. I had the roast duck summer rolls which are a must order.  I ordered them with extra sauce on the side which was a good call because I was able to send the leftovers with my husband for lunch the next day. I also ordered the pad thai with shrimp with extra peanuts and lime on the side.  This was delicious!  Their sauce is tangy and not too sweet in my opinion. Overall the takeout was done quickly and all of the extras I asked for were included without an extra charge (though I definitely would have paid I was the one that asked for it).  I will definitely be returning!
4	My fiance and I went to The Green Mango for a quick lunch on a weekday and we were super impressed. We'd heard great things about this place and we were not disappointed. The lunch menu has tons of vegetarian options, service is quick, and the prices are incredibly reasonable. The spring rolls (vegetarian) were delicious; they were stuffed with fresh vegetables and were nice and crispy without being greasy. For entrees, we got the vegetable curry and the pad thai. Both were delicious--nothing was over- or under-cooked and the entrees were fresh and nicely seasoned. We had a tiny miscommunication with our server that was no one's fault; we just misunderstood one another. The problem was fixed promptly and as soon as he realized the error, our server came over to our table and gave us a sincere apology.Great menu, great food; I can't wait to go back.
