5	32nd St/ Greenway locationHad great luck at this location for a used elliptical machine--- good prices and they deliver!They have a wide variety of ellipticals, treadmills, stationary bikes and a variety of weight room type stuff.  As well as sporting equipment.This location is a good place to find used and new items for affordable prices!  It's also environmentally friendly since you are purchasing a previously owned item! Staff was friendly and knowledgeable--  while in there, I saw staff helping a family get a little boys baseball gear.  They do consignment as well, so if you aren't in the market to buy something, you might be in the market to sell something! Delivery of the machine was timely, the next day!
4	So I came here looking for a used elliptical. I already tried looking on craigslist , which I didn't find much and what I did find I did not like the quality/condition. So I decided to come here since it sells used work out equipment. They had a nice selection on the sales floor, I found the used elliptical that I wanted. However I did not like something about that one. The gentlemen noticed it and said that they have the same brand but newer model for the same price in the other room(which I assumed was storage) . He brought it out , plugged it in and I was sold. Great Buy !. They helped us get it in the truck. However , we realized that we forgot straps and one of the gentlemen that work there had an extra strap in their personal vehicle and he was very helpful enough to give it to us. I was impressed with the fact that they give a 30 day warranty on all their equipment.I was impressed by the staff, the knowledge, the organization and helpfulness. I will definitely come here again next time.
1	Bought a set of Titleist golf clubs here about 6 months ago.  They just didn't work for me so decided to sell them to a broker.  Turns out the clubs were COUNTERFEIT.  Attempted to bring them into the store to get a refund but was only offered store credit.  Employee informed me that he is also losing on the deal since he has to know dispose of them.  I don't see how that would be a customer's issue, but my protests didn't matter.   I realize that they aren't a Titleist retailer, but it seems pretty unfair not to refund someone's money on counterfeit merchandise.  If they can't identify authentic equipment, I'd be extra cautious about buying any golf equipment from them (even with a store credit).
4	Great place to get sports equipment at a decent price. With the new year comes those resolutions, and yes mine involves a little weight loss. To assist me in that are a few naughty kettlebells I picked up here at PIAS. These guys were even open on New Year's Day! The place is a bit cluttered, but I knew to find the kettlebells over by the free weights. It looked like they'd just gotten new stock in. I was able to score a mate for my 4kg, and two 18kg for when my muscles are bored and need to move on up! They had all sorts of items in here -- golf, bikes, stationary bikes, free weights, balls, etc. The guy behind the counter even helped me get the kettlebells to my car.
