4	Did a lot of shopping around, his prices were the best. Josh does excellent work, though not always in a timely fashion. He seems to have more business than he can handle & could probably use help.
2	I put in an order in early April, was told by Angela that I would have a proof the next day.  2 days later I called back looking for my proof, was told I'd get a call back the next day, still nothing.  1 week later I called yet again looking for the proof, Angela said I would get a call back that day, nothing.  Finally yesterday I received a proof for the wrong type of sign, I asked them to correct it, they then sent me the correct type of sign, but with the wrong name and wrong phone number.They do get 2 stars instead of 1 because I've used them in the past and they do make a quality sign.  I don't mind waiting as long as I'm given an accurate estimate.  Also Josh really is a nice guy, he just needs some additional help.
2	It doesn't cost any extra to be nice....and everyone is always 'nice' when I go in. They also print a nice sign. However, they have NO CLUE how to give outstanding customer service. Another example of how businesses can thrive despite their inadequacies.
1	I placed an order for 12 signs 3 weeks ago, I still do not have my signs. I went to the store to pickup a sample of the sign ordered 3 weeks ago and had to wait 40 minutes to be acknowledged. At no point in time did anyone greet me or say we will be with you in a minute. This is the LAST order I ever give to this company. Lesson learned.
1	Last month I tried to order a set of signs. Long story short I waited two weeks and many calls later I still never got a proof. Only excuses. Finally I told them to forget it.Last week I decided to give them a second try and replaced my order. I was told that I would have my proofs the next day. Three days later still no proofs. I called back, still no proofs. 4 days after my I should have had my proofs I called again, They then emailed me the proofs an hour later. The sign was all wrong. I started to make a list of corrections needed but when I reached 5 I gave up and walked away. I don't have any more time to waste on this company.Josh seemed nice but completely in over his head. Angela never seemed particularly pleasant and always seemed inconvenienced by my inquiries.
1	This the worst sign company in the valley.  I literally waited months for my signs to come in ...all this and they charged my credit card long before I received my signs.  Once the signs came in they were damaged and the whole order was not there.  I was left high and dry for Open House signs after Josh said he would have them for weeks!  I don't know how this con artist sleeps at night!  Josh is the biggest bullshitter out there!  He says he can deliver the moon and delivers nothing.  I really don't know how they stay in business.  I have learned my lesson with these guys.  Take my advice; there are a lot of sign companies out there, DONOT use this company!!!  I wish I had looked on Yelp before I placed my order; I would have never used this company!
