5	On holiday in the UK late March, we stayed at the Scotsman hotel across the street.  DD broke her eyeglasses, and we couldn't ask her to trudge through Edinburgh in a blurry, myopic haze.  We stopped in, explaining our predicament.  We were wondering if they could have a pair of spectacles made up by the end of the day (the Saturday before Easter, mind you.)  The staff were unfailingly helpful and polite throughout.  Since we're not UK residents, we weren't eligible for the National Health voucher, so we spent the roughly $30 for a walk-in eye exam, which is roughly what you'd spend here in the States anyway.  BTW--excellent eye exam, and we used the prescription for a cheap pair of replacement glasses a few weeks later.My daughter quickly found stylish frames that she fell in love with from among their selection, around $100--very reasonable again by US standards.  However, for her prescription, they didn't have her lenses in stock--so much for lenses the same day.  Or so we thought.  At this point the manager stepped in, rung around to several of the other stores in the city, and determined that they had the lenses at one of the other locations.  He convinced them to make them up for him, at which point he would personally drive over and pick the finished product up.  Moreover, he took our mobile down and told us he'd ring when they were ready.  We were in a state of disbelief at how willing they were to bend over backwards and help us in our (admittedly not major) distress.We were walking down Prince Street a few hours later when he called to tell us they were ready.  After some lunch we strolled over and 5 minutes of adjustments later and my daughter was over the moon with excitement at her new specs, for which she received several compliments already from her friends.  Altogether, a $130 outlay for exam and glasses, with DD's glasses ready in about 6 hours.  A really excellent piece of business given the circumstances. The helpfulness, timeliness, selection and price offered at this location was second to none in our experience.
5	Amazing experience!The ladies working there are simply the most helpful and wonderful people I have ever had the pleasure to meet at an opticians.I had recently had an eye test done in another opticians in Edinburgh (20 20, never again), but I found a lovely frame in Specsavers, so I went in to order. They couldn't understand the prescription that was written out in the other opticians, so they phoned them up. The person who attended the phone on the other side had informed them that I had not settled my bill! Which firstly not only embarrassed me, but also infuriated me! Because the optician clearly had said that the sight test was covered by the NHS, which obviously it turned out it was. In any way, I mean this is ridiculous, even if I had an outstanding balance on something shouldn't they contact me directly? Bu hey, that's another story. So Specsavers saved me approximately 300 quid on my glasses and they also offered a free contact lens test + trial (which in the other Opticians would have cost me about 30 quid). So overall great service+great prices=a happy customer!I will be back whenever I need newglasses or contact lenses.
