2	Keep up with your personal items!!!! I received a gift card for Mother's Day. Despite my appointment running 15 minutes late, the massage itself was great. At the end, I put down my wallet and removed my cell phone to get cash out for the tip (they have a sign in the room stating that they appreciate cash). I successfully avoided the "join the masssage club" sales pitch and checked out. Walked next store to grab some vitamens and realized I did not have my phone. Walked back over to Massage Envy and let the receptionists know I left it in the room. They were very quick to tell me that the next appt was already checked in and that I could wait...and, oh by the way, the appt was a 90 min massage. I was not planning on barging into the room and interrupting the massage ...but I told them exactly where I left my phone. They wouldn't budge. I left and called back 90 min later and they told me that the phone wasn't in there. Go figure. I have no idea what happened to it (stolen, tossed in the trash, etc). But it's gone. So...my free massage is going to cost me $200+ in a new cell phone. They do not have personal lockers...so be sure you have all of your belongings when you leave...as you will be SOL if you've left something behind...wallet, keys, jewlery, etc.
5	Great facials, amazing massages! Appointments are recommended.
1	Joined the "message club" only to find out... its a 12 MONTH MEMBERSHYT!!I'm currently going through FRAUD case now between them, myself, and my bank. I had to have the membershyt freezed for a few months, (no problem)I googled M.E. and found allllllllllllllllll the bad reviews abt service, the ppl working there, and this so called membershyt. I called, asked for them to tell me from my contract where does it say 12months (no answer)I DID NOT WANT TO CANCLE.. after I found out about a 12month, i was told they have a 6mnth as well. OK... CAN I CHANGE IT TO 6 MNTHS??NO!!well, how can i get out of this TRAP. Ohh, its ez, just PAY THE REMAINDER OF THE CONTRACT.= 10 more months worth... wtf. (is there no early term. fee?)I asked where/how was i suppose to know about a 12 month or 6th months membershyt?Well somebody was "suppose to tell u that option when u signed up".. HUH?? REALLY??SOOO... 'sombody" was suppose to "tell me" as in VERBAL.. not WRITTEN.GTHOH.... I have to close my acct w/ the bank!!(if i knew THEN what i KNOW NOW........u know the rest)as i said.. i didn't want to get out the contract (as shady as it is), but wanted to change it. Now they will go from having a PAYING CUSTOMER, to now... ME YELPING to the masses!
1	Massages are great. I got a facial here and I did not care for the didn't creams and gels stinging my face (even though she warned me). The extracting process was terrible and very painful. She was pinching and squeezing my face (there has to be a better way)!. First of all just because I'm black doesn't mean I don't sensitive skin. My face was sore the next day, then the next the skin on and around my nose (which is sensitive and where she was squeezing out black heads) started to scab and peel.. Yea no thanks I thought a facial was suppose to enhance, not scar you...
1	Went here for a couple years as it slowly went down hill-Quit them last year
4	This is my 2nd time here and I had a great massage. It was great and I am sorreeee. I had a deep tissue massage and it was great. 90 minutes.... yea
2	First try, not impressed, the movement of the massage was kinda fast, didn't feel relax, instead of massage all the way to a pressured point, every movement was kinda just till half way. I told the receptionist these problems and they set up my next appointment with another girl, I will give it another try, because the location is very convenient for me.
