5	It was such a treat to see Boyz II Men. They were singing all their oldies. They are a limited engagement at the Flamingo so be sure to see them before they are gone. Apparently, Donny and Marie are on vacation right now, so Boyz II Men is doing a limited engagement. They sing all the goodies like End of the Road, Yesterday, etc.One of them even fist tapped me which made my night. :) The only thing I found weird was that there were only 3 in the group. However, it didn't matter. They still sounded wonderful. They seem to be polished performers especially after almost 20 years of being in the music industry.I saw that they are on sale on Goldstar. Here's the link for the discounted tickets:http://www.goldstar.com/events/las-vegas-nv/boyz-ii-men.html
5	Nostalgia is an amazing thing.I've had a couple of chances to catch Boyz II Men for free over the last month. The first time, I wasn't enough of a fan to drive out to Primm for them. Last week, I already had plans and wasn't enough of a fan to change them. I'm glad the opportunity came up again last night. I've always liked Boyz II Men, but last night, nostalgia turned me into a huge fan.Right off the bat, they hit you with their most upbeat song and Motownphilly was instantaneously back again. If you grew up listening to them at all, you'll definitely appreciate the set list. From "On Bended Knee" to "It's So Hard To Say Goodbye To Yesterday" to "End Of The Road", it was great to watch and hear them on stage. Hit after hit (and they've had many), they just kept bringing me back to my high school days.I must admit that they didn't quite hit some notes with the power you've come to expect, but in most songs, they sounded amazing and their live band is fantastic. Of course, they definitely lost something when Michael McCary had to retire. Without a bass in the group, they're just lacking that harmonic foundation.Regardless, it was a packed house and the audience loved every minute of it. "End Of The Road" is arguably their biggest hit, but I thought it was appropriate that they brought it back to the New Jack Swing roots and ended with a reprise of "Motownphilly."Boyz II Men. ABC. BBD.5 stars
5	i'm not a big concert-goer but i do have a list of artists that i am dying to see, one of them being Boyz II Men (other two: Brian McKnight and Alicia Keys). i was soooo glad they were going to be performing in vegas the weekend i was there! (they're there up until January 9th, 2011). i wasn't kidding when i told my friends i want them to perform at my wedding. just give me about 10 years to rack up all that dough...i know michael mcCary (the bass singer) left the group already, but i was hoping he'd make a guest appearance :( they did a little christmas segment, and their "Silent Night (in acapella)" just didn't sound right without Michael in the beginning with his booming bass. sadface. i hope all is well with him though. their christmas segment included: silent night, chestnuts roasting on an open fire, i saw mommy kissing santy claus, o come all ye faithful (!!!love!), and of course from their christmas album, let it snow. i LOOVVE anything mellow from them!i was also hoping MAYYYBBEE brian mcknight would do a guest appearance during their performance of End of the Road, but no such luck... i didn't really care if mariah carey showed up in One Sweet Day (she didn't).the only downside was that i was hoping they'd play Four Seasons of Loneliness :\ and perhaps more acapella pieces. and that it only lasted 1.5hours. but i'm satisfied. my suggestion: buy tickets early, i think Flamingo assigns seating to whoever checks into the box office first. the boyz were giving out roses to people closest to the stage :( i was too far. criessss
5	A trio held the spotlight and had the audience yelling and screaming! So much energy and so much love poured forth from the audience for this band, this Boyz II Men! Who said that you cannot recapture your youth or even make new memories with sweet love songs? You can with this show!  What did they sing? Everything including Michael Bolton and songs sung Ah-Capella plus of course the crowd favorites and their biggest hits including "End of the Road," "On Bended Knee" and "I'll Make Love to You."If you choose to spend a night with Boyz II Men you will enjoy a band that created and sings beautiful music and touches upon the finer emotions of love. Absolutely engaging, their talent shines through and the live band adds to the musical quality.Go see the show and enjoy!! Several show tickets options are available.Boyz II MenPurchase Tickets:702-792-7777 or 1-800-963-96346:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (PST) dailyBook TicketsBoyz II Men VIP PackageIncludes Front or Second Row Center Seats, Post-Show Meet & Greet, commemorative VIP lanyard and complimentary photo with the guys!Dinner/Show PackagesSeating MapBox Office Hours of Operation: Please visit The Beatles LOVE Box Office for your ticketing needs. Thursday - Monday | 10:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m. Tuesday & Wednesday | 10:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.Ticket Price: $59.99, $49.99 & $39.99 (plus tax and service fee). Seating is limited and based upon availability. Reserve your tickets today.
5	Boyz II Men will always be the best R&B group of all time. The Mirage residency showcases their biggest hits, Motown covers, acapella renditions, dancing, and so much more. Mark, one of the original members, is equally amazing as the rest of them. It's high-energy and just a nostalgic, feel-good time! Get the VIP package; it's worth every penny. It gives you a chance to meet and greet them after the show, take a professional photo with them and get autographed lanyards. If I could, I would see every show this year!
1	I would like to share my experience from last weekend's concert (3/16/13) at the Mirage (seats FF 7,8,9,10 I believe). While the show was phenomenal, our party of four was very disappointed, as our experience was ruined by loud hecklers sitting behind us. While I understand that rude audience members are not the fault of the venue, we felt the concert staff did not address or handle the situation properly. The party behind us yelled obscenities throughout the show, including "Shut Up!" to the performers while they were singing on stage. During every song, rude, loud, and obnoxious comments were made. Others around us were annoyed too, giving the group behind us dirty looks. We could not hear the words being sung to a single song - even the slow ones!At one point, a single staff member came by to give them a warning. However, after that, there was no follow-up by the staff, and it went on like this throughout the night. It seemed as if the staff was more interested in enjoying the show than attending to its guests. After the show, we immediately approached a Mirage staff member to voice our disappointment. The response we got was, "it's a concert. It's supposed to be loud." We then asked to speak to a manager. The manager told us there was nothing he could do, now that the show was over. He offered to have us come back for the same show again, but we were leaving that day and could not attend. The manager also conveniently did not have any business cards on him so that we could contact him. I am sorely disappointed in not only the lack of training of the Mirage concert staff, but also in the poor follow-up and conflict resolution by management.
5	So I think the first Boyz II Men review here started with their stint before the Mirage, but mine is for their set at the home of Siegfried and Roy. As I posted on my Facebook, these three muchachos brought down the house like we were all at a gospel revival. The praising! The weeping! The worshiping! If Jesus had returned in the Second Coming at the back of the theater, He might actually have been ignored because this throwback was out of control. Women were rushing the stage for roses as if they were in a mosh pit and men were imitating the crooning like they usually do when they hit up the karaoke bar. I went to the show with some of my best friends and it was the most fun return to junior high in my life. I know I wasn't the only girl in the theater thinking about how many boys I'd slow danced with while clapping our hands on each others' shoulders two feet away from each other while trying not to smile with our braces showing. A hit for sure!
5	I got free tickets through work but I would've gladly paid for this.  I can't believe so many of these songs are over 20 years old now!!!  Where did the time go?  It was like a total high school flashback for me. It didn't matter what music you were into back then or what clique you were a part of in school...you...knew...all..these...songs.They kicked it off with a couple of uptempo songs but as soon as they went into "On Bended Knee", everyone just went nuts.  This was complete and total ground zero cougar central.  Matt S. would've been psyched.  Then the Boyz went straight into "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday" and killed it.  Wanya Morris' vocals impressed me the most.  I never really appreciated just how great his voice was until seeing it in person. They also did a tribute to Motown medley with gold jackets and old school moves that left Human Nature in the dust.  I liked their acappella segment the best with the group covering songs from the likes of Take 6 and even The Beatles.  It was the best way to appreciate how awesome their vocals were.But things got really crazy when they performed "I'll Make Love To You" and started handing out roses to the ladies.  Females from all corners of the venue were literally sprinting down the aisles to get one.  Ladies, if you want to get a more personal experience, make sure to get an aisle seat in the first 15 rows.  You'll definitely be serenaded by one of the members during "End of the Road".  "Motownphilly" was a fitting finale that had everyone up on their feet.  ABC and Bel Biv Devoe really get shoutouts til the end of time!!
5	Sister treated my mom and I to trowback concert for mama's birthday. Talk about turning back time. Their music has always been amazing, but their performance impacts your soul just as much. They were right. REAL music. It's always nice to just sit back, and enjoy feel good music. Music that really moves your soul. You experience this concert, and majority of the time (if you know the songs) you'll be singing along, dancing, or standing. Their costume ensembles were so cute! Loving the their cardigans when they did their acapellas! Perfect timing! They sang mama. So my sister and I were seranading my mother as they sang too! It was so fun and a must see for sure. Especially for your lady friend (if you're lookign to get some brownie points. HERE'S YOUR HINT!) Suggestion: If you don't get front, do get isle seating. They boys walk the isle and sing to the ladies and hold their hands (panty droppers!) They also throw roses to the audience as well so run to the stage. Hold their hand. Come home with a momento of the Boyz! Even the guy audiences were running up there to grab roses! It truly is a moving performance, and watching the show and listening to their music again makes me wish that this generation could make music like that again. Music that matters. Music that changes people. Music that moves people. No booty shaking or popping bottles. Just good old soulful music.
5	Boyz II Men has set up residency here in Vegas at the Mirage. They play on weekends in Terry Fator Theater. Since they started their show a month ago, I've been wanting to go and finally got the opportunity tonight.In short, the show is amazing, especially if their music played a big role in your childhood. I still remember the days of sitting around my friends' rooms listening and singing along to the smooth soulful harmonies of Boyz II Men.The theater is intimate and every seat is good except the extreme sides in the first half of the theater (the way the stage is built, your view upstage is partially obstructed). It shouldn't really be a problem since they spend most of their time front and center. I sat in the very last row and had a perfect view. Never once did I think I was too far away.The three remaining members of Boyz II Men can still sing and harmonize as well as they could 20+ years ago. They have brought on Marc Nelson, an original member of the group before they got big, to provide the deep bass voice they have been missing since Michael McCary left the group. They were smart to make sure Marc Nelson isn't seen as a part of the group, but as a featured vocal guest who provides the bass line in the background.All the big hits were sung and sung very well. I was impressed by how often they'd rip out one of their earpieces so they could hear each other on stage. If you know the songs, it's a nice reminder of the past and the nostalgic infusion makes an already impressive performance even more personal. The pacing was great and they ended on a high note.They performed a couple songs a capella and used that time to introduce and feature Marc Nelson. It's so rare for artists to sing like this these days, so it was refreshing to just watch four guys on stage sing without distraction. No instruments, no lighting changes, no choreography. Just pure vocals done perfectly.Roses are passed out during "I'll Make Love to You" and the group members come out into the aisles during "End of the Road" to interact with the audience. So if you want to be sung to or hear their voices unamplified, try to sit in the front row or on the aisles in the first 10 rows or so.Between songs, the group members each get a moment to speak directly to the audience and it is during these segments that we see how humble they are and how they truly love what they do.The entire show was great and I loved every minute of it, but the BEST moment for me came within the first five minutes of the show. They start with some upbeat medley of songs from their newest album (which I don't really know) and suddenly transition straight into four-part harmony with "On Bended Knee". It is at this moment that you first hear that Boyz II Men sound and are instantly transported back to the early 1990s. Hearing them sing that first phrase of the song gave me goosebumps. It was jarring and it was truly incredible.The only flaw of the show is the sound system. Mirage either needs to invest in new speakers or they need to hire an audio engineer who knows what he's doing. The high register was completely blown out and was distracting throughout the show. There was some feedback and some vibration that took away from talent on stage.
5	Loved it, loved it, loved it.  Awesome performance, memorable, classic music.  Really enjoyed the intimate setting.  These Boyz can sing live a Capella, no auto tune here.  Highly recommend this show for a date night, romantic music.  Also enjoyed their tribute to Motown.  Thanks to travelzoo for the discount for a great show.
5	You NEED to see this show! Period.
5	LOVE THEM. LOVE this Concert. Although I DID want to KICK myself Because we were a few minutes LATE --- Even though when we DID Finally get there, it almost felt like we were Right On Time.....STILL!!! --- You don't want to MISS Not ONE SECOND of this Concert!!! TRUST. It is simply WONDERFUL!!!
5	Great show at the mirage. Brought back childhood memories. They did a great job of getting the crowd to join in!
5	It was the first production in a long time that I knew I would watch again and in fact was itching to purchase a new ticket soon afterwards. The room was packed and the crowd so enthused like the music came out just yesterday. This is REAL MUSIC. I cried, I smiled, danced, laughed. It was creative, beautiful but unlike today's artists, the main show was about the music. And boy oh boy the music moved me. It was so nice to feel it. The roses for the ladies was a GREAT touch. I usually tell my friends I do not like concerts...but this may change my mind! Glorious. Euphoria washed over me during and long afterwards...
5	Boyz 2 Men can still hit the highs and lows and mix their soulful harmonies as their music stands the test of time after all these years.  The show is highly interactive and at many points people were singing along, standing, dancing, just a fun atmosphere all around.  The set was a mix of acapella and live music, covering all of their major hits plus a few Motown and pop covers.    At one point during the show, I looked down at my arm and it was covered in goosebumps... hearing the music live, versus a CD, just amplifies the impressive depth and resonance in their voices.I purchased a batch of 7 tickets for friends with a Travelzoo special for about $60 each incl. tax and fees.  There is also a Goldstar special as well, but I believe it was priced a bit higher.   The show starts promptly at 7:30 and we were seated in center section 102 about 10 rows up.  (Great seats since they were centered and slightly elevated to about stage level)  As other reviewers have said, this show is highly recommended and really a great way to spend a couple hours in Vegas.
4	I had a free ticket for this show.  I had heard of the group before but I really didn't know what their music was like.  My seat was in the next to last row which was fine.  The Fator Theatre has three large screens, one on each side of the stage and a large one behind the performers.  I came to hear the music, not see the guys per se.The show is roughly divided into 4 parts.  The first part has the group singing some of their hits--none of which I recognized--but I enjoyed them all.  They have a good sound and the guys are very talented.  The band was excellent.  The second part of the show was a salute to Motown.  OK, now you're singing songs I know because they're going back in time.  After the Motown salute, there's a period of a cappella music--the music that got them their start.  They're joined by a 4th singer for this section.  Finally, they go back to singing some of their own songs.  Much of the audience got right into the show from the get go.  For the most part, they were several years younger than me.  They could sing along for they knew all the lyrics.  Wow, and can women shriek with ear splitting loudness!  I'm glad I went to see Boyz II Men.  It was an enjoyable show for me and also a learning one.  However, more Motown, please!
5	Honestly, my 1st thought upon entering the very small theater that looks like something circa 1987 was "uh oh."  I thought it was going to be a sad night watching a once amazing group fallen from the spotlight on the "casino tour" trying to keep it alive.  We've all seen the bill boards for old timers playing a limited engagement at the wild snake bite Cascino with a free buffet and penny slot credits with ticket purchase.  When B2M first started, the sound was off and the band was much louder than the singing.  However, once that was corrected after 2 songs, it was like stepping back into the hay day.  They can still harmonize and totally interacted with the crowd.  They sound just the same and were so much fun!  I loved the Mo Town throw back and the acapella parts of the show.  I had a blast, danced and revisited some great memories!  At the end of the day, isn't that what Vegas is all about??
5	This was an amazing concert.  My husband and I can't get over how much fun we had.  We weren't sure what to expect.  We just can't say enough good things!  Loved every minute.
5	LOVED the show! Boyz II Men can still really sing! And not the over produced stuff we hear everyday on the radio. I purchased some discounted tickets through Travelzoo. $60 per person after taxes for Section 103, Row GG. Great views. Hint: SIT NEAR THE AISLES because you'll be able to interact with Boyz II Men! When they first started I was a little worried because the first two songs they sang might have been off there new album. I was thinking I would be unfamiliar with portions of the rest of the show. But I was rest assured because 90% of the rest of the show were their #1 hits and other ballads. I even loved the Motown tribute and the acapella portions. You'll love this whole show, especially if you grew up in the 90's. It made me want to sing and dance through out the whole thing! =)The Boyz II Men guys were humorous, entertaining and very grateful that they had fans that were very supportive of their work and their singing. Very great positive vibe in the show and the theater. The theater is on the smaller side, but was great because it felt intimate with them. Such a great show for a girl's weekend out in Vegas!
5	Insanely good.Thats all I can say.Maybe the best show Ive seen in my life, certainly the most fun.  And Ive seen a lot of shows & very few R&B shows.They sounded great, the energy was phenomenal.Basically a big celebration with some very powerful soul music.
5	Take me back to the good old days...I loved listening to Boyz II Men as a kid and seeing this show was worth every penny.The venue was not that big so that everyone who has a seat has a good view. I sat close to the back in the middle and I enjoyed every minute of the show.I won't give away any details of the show, but they were just as good as they were 20 years ago. They were funny, and the show was a complete delight! They didn't just sing their songs, but they also did a few covers and paid tribute to a few artists.In short, this Boyz II Men show is a must see!Enjoy!
5	OMG thinking back to this concert still gives me life and makes me all warm and fuzzy inside! I loved loved loved this show and want to go see them again!!! I think they were better than I have ever seen them and they covered all the hits from back in the day. I was able to purchase tickets via TravelZoo for a dang on good price....practically a steal. The venue is not large at all so any seat is a good seat. If you are in Vegas go see this show. Do not doubt anything just do it! You will not regret it!
5	I don't know why I wasn't a huge B2M fan in the past... I was too distracted by NSync and BSB... They were amazing! Even after all these years of being in the industry, they still perform with such passion for their music! I was hands-down blown away by their vocals and most importantly their A Capella! The harmonies and sounds sent chills down my back and caused me to have status goosebumpicus (prolonged goosebumps). I'm wayyyy late but I'm definitely a big fan now :)
5	Growing up during the 90s, I listened to mostly R&B, soft rock, and ballads (and The Moffats and Hansons) long before I knew about *NSync. Boyz II Men is one of my favorite R&B group, and I've been hoping to see them live. So after finding out about Boyz II Men's residency at The Mirage for 2013, I was pretty stoked! I told myself that the next time I ever find myself in Vegas, I have to watch their show. So, I finally saw them this past Labor Day Weekend and I just looooved the show and the group even more!Boyz II Men have been around for awhile, but they still have the same energy and passion as if they're still just starting out. Even though they have aged in number, they can still move while singing their hearts out. They just sounded so much better live. I had the goosebumps the whole time I was watching the show and it definitely brought me back. I miss the days when songs were relatable, meant something, and sparked emotions. Aside from their amazing vocals, they were just so funny, charming, and entertaining. I really liked how they interacted with their fans a couple of times during the show. They gave out roses when they sang "I'll Make Love to You" to the ladies, so make sure to run up in front of the stage once this song comes on. Even though I didn't get one :(, I still love them. They also got off the stage and gave hugs when they sang "End of the Road" towards the end of the show which I thought was really sweet.They sang, dance, made me laugh, and almost cried tears of joy. They're amazing performers and they don't really need some fancy lights and pyros to make their show entertaining. I love how they did an A Capella segment which just shows even more how good they really are. They also did a tribute to Motown artists which showcased how they can still get down on the dance floor. I really, really, enjoyed the show and HIGHLY recommend for everyone who's a fan to see it before their residency ends. Even if you're not a fan, you'll end up being a fan at the end of the show. And who seriously doesn't love Boyz II Men? We sat five rows away from the stage, but the venue was small and intimate that it won't really matter where you're sitting. I think I would've still enjoyed the show just as much if I was sitting in the back. Even though they sang most of their hits, and some more, I was surprised that they didn't do  "4 Seasons of Lonliness"! I was waiting for it the whole time and they never sang it. But I'm really glad that they decided to do this reunion show for us youngins who didn't get the chance to see them before.
5	Thank you, fellow Yelpers, for helping me find this show.I go to Vegas at least a few times a year, and was looking for something new this time. Boyz II Men was just as great as the reviews here led me to expect.I'm pretty shocked at how great of a show they were able to put on - it's really like they are more polished now than they were at the height of their chart-topping greatness. They sing and dance at the same time like 20-year-old pop stars. Expectations exceeded.The show had some of the best audience participation of literally any concert I've ever been to - the guys interact with the audience like a stand-up comic would, and they also spend a couple of songs just giving everyone who wants one a hug. Kind of insane.I came back and told all my girlfriends at work to go see this and get in the front rows so they can get a rose and a hug from one of the guys. Would recommend to anyone, though - even my parents, because the Motown part of the show was sweet, too.The only complaint I have is that they deserve better sets and more production value and promotion. The rows in front of me were partially empty, a lot of people don't know they're there. They're in the Terry Fator theater, which is kinda cheap. Come on, MGM... give these guys the production they deserve.
5	I saw the amazing Boyz II Men on 9/14/2013. Excellent show. Pay attention during the A cappella portion of the show. Its amazing how on pitch these guys are. The venue sound quality needs some work. Avoid the side seats, they have horrible sound. As always get seats in the center for the best sound. Another observation. Ladies this concert is for you. They toss roses up front for 'On Bended Knee' and they sing in the audience giving hugs and photo ops during 'End of the Road'. As a dude its just awkward to go up.  But ladies feel free to dash to the front of the stage. I applaud the Boyz for getting close and personal to the fans. I will watch this show again in a heart beat. Another bucket list item crossed off.
5	I am a huge Boyz II Men fan. HUGE! Not one of those girls that would cry when End of the Road came on (we all had those friends, right?) Anyhow, me and my man saw Boyz II Men at the Mirage. We had excellent seats, 2nd row - slightly off center, and the ticket were still extremely affordable. Their show is a combination of their hits and Motown Classic hits. I don't think there was a song that I didn't sing along too. They sing so well and sound so good and dance their hearts out. I had never seen Boyz II Men live so this was just a blast for me. They sound amazing in person, better than some artists now sound on the radio. Boyz II Men is the epitome of R&B. The bar has specialty drinks with a Boyz II Men theme. We paid $17 for an extremely large drink in a Mirage cup we could take home.I left the show feeling all warm and reminiscent. It is such a feel good show with feel good music. Do yourself a favor, get your Boyz II Men fix and see this show!
5	We purchased tickets for the 18 of us five months in advance through the group concierge at the Mirage.  Mid price range tickets and we sat in the center in row J of the Terry Fator Theater at the Mirage.  You're able to take non flash pictures and even take videos with your smart phone.  Social media and free publicity.  YouTube and Facebook goes a long way.  And you can eat and drink in the theater.  Popcorn, candy, nonalcoholic and alcohol sold.A very smooth orchestrated polished show with three of the four original members.  As with many performers they do a Motown tribute. Very very enjoyable.  They engage with the audience and hand out long stem roses to the mostly female audience.  And of course they sang their signature hits.
5	AH-mazing!!!! BoysIImen still got it! They dang all their greats. They interacted with the crowd and put on an amazing show from beginning to end At one point in the night they were hanging out roses to the ladies and some of the ladies rushed the stage.. I'm not goin to name any names *cough me cough* did too and got a hug and a serenading session from the boys.  We got our tickets from the discount tix place on the strip for like 40ish we were pretty much 7 rows from the back but since the theatre is pretty small you can see really well from back there. I would recommend this show to all my friends and family!
5	Do you enjoy listening to music with lyrics that bring emotion and mean something?Do you enjoy listening to music while making love?Do you enjoy listening to music with perfect pitch?Do you enjoy listening to acapella singing with flawless pitches?Do you enjoy listening to the classics in the 90s?Then this is a MUST GO concert. Theatre: The inside isn't huge. Although the furthest seat back isn't actually that far, it'd recommend getting a seat on the aisle and in the center orch. The guys do a great job getting the audience involved and even make their way to the aisles to pick up some ladies to dance to. Music: Yes, they sing their top hits/classics. Yes, they have some humor in their concert. Yes, there is some dancing, Yes, there is some romance. Yes, there is perfection in their voices blending together. Even if you only know a song or two by them or like the gentleman in front of me asking if this was the "Men to Boys" concert, you will be thoroughly serenaded and pleased with the beauty in their voices. There really is not a group as great and successful as these guys in their genre.GO GO GO!
5	Great show!  Very affordable.  Be careful of the stampede of women when they start giving out the roses!  Great song, voices, dancing!  I would go again!
5	The Boyz (or now they're Men huh?) really put on an awesome show.  They make it  known that they would not be here today (or for the past two decades) without their amazing fans.  And come on now, who DOESN'T like Boyz II Men?!If you are lucky, they will have a special guest on the show. The night we went it was one of the singers from another classic 90's R&B group, Az Yet!  Talk about taking a trip down memory lane.  Every song they sing gives you goosebumps and reminds you of when you heard it for the first time (or any of those OTHER romantic times)... Personal note: I still can't believe that the faculty let us slow dance to I'll Make Love To You during our intermediate school dance in the gym.The entire show is pure nostalgic bliss!They are extremely interactive with the crowd...So ladies!  If you are wanting to get up close and personal, you have a few chances:1) You are able to go up to the stage during "I'll Make Love To You" to try your luck at being one of the few dozen estrogen raging women who receive a rose, specially from one of the members. 2) During End of the Road, they will actually come out to the audience and slow dance if you go up to them!3) Motown Philly (the finale) will have everyone up and off of their seats. We ran down to the stage to experience it up close, and security did not ask us to return to our seats.  The Boyz will reach out into the audience to give hugs, shake hands, and take photos.  These parts of the show will prove how much passion and impact these guys have on their fans.  You will understand when you get trampled by a crowd of middle-aged women trying to rush the stage up and over you to snap a selfie with their long time R&B boy band crush.All in all, these guys STILL got it. After 20+ years, and counting!
5	Excellent. These guys still have all the moves and give the fans what they want. I had a wonderful time and highly recommend going to a show if you happen to be in Vegas.  You could pay either $75 or $100? if you want to take a picture with the Band after the show.
5	My girls surprised me for my birthday and took me the concert and OMG!!! they definitely know how to put on a show..everybody knows they can sing but when u hear them in person!! it is unbelievable! The seats were good as hell
5	I grew up listening to Boyz II Men, and with today's music in the toilet, I am nostalgic for good music. When I found out they were performing in Vegas, I knew I had to see it!! This show is AMAZING! It goes to show you that you don't need fancy  special effects, or even a stadium, just SING. And boy, those MEN CAN SING!!! They sound exactly like the records, but even better!! It is a bit sad that real talent and harmonizing is non existing today, but they brought back so many great memories!!And the crowd was INSANE. Young, old, it didn't matter. Grown ass men singing along to IMLTY, grown women throwing their panties, people crying, dancing in the aisles, hugging, etc. I had goosebumps the whole time. What a wonderful perfect night!!!
5	My best friends and I were in Vegas for a wedding  My birthday had just passed and I was just happy to be there with two of the people I love most in the world.  What do they do but surprise me with SOME OF THE BEST R&B EVER.  Heart heart, ex oh ex oh.Not sure how long they've been in Vegas but it was PACKED.  The theater was basically at capacity with most of the age demographic being early 30's to 50 year olds.  The excitement was at its peak for all age ranges however.  Ladies were screaming their heads off.  My favorite BOY...Z?  is Shawn Stockman and BOY can he still sing.  The BOYZ invited girls to come to the stage.  While I was pretty excited about it, I decided to choose life and not get run over by the crazy girls.  During our show, these girls were grinding up against the BOYZ.  It was a bit awkward but the BOYZ handled it really well, with patience and class.  If it were me, I'd run away.  Quickly.They played a lot of their old jams.  Their fourth member is no longer with them so they invited to the stage Marc Nelson who was part of Az Yet (people really like spelling things with z's).  I absolutely loved Marc when he sang "Love's not Love".  Anyway, his voice was phenomenal and matched the group really well.  They also played an ode to Motown (their label) which was one of my bff's favorite parts of the evening.Totally worth the money, even without getting trampled by other ladies for a rose.  Remember when R&B used to be amazing?  Well it still is.  Go see this show and remember it for yourself :)
5	This is the best show that I've seen in Vegas!  It's in the Terry Fator Theater which is very nice but a bit of a walk from the main entrance.  Just a heads up for you ladies who plan on wearing high heels to the show!  (Btw I can't believe that with how talented these guys are they don't have a theater named after them!)The guys start off their show with a couple of their newer songs which although unfamiliar are high energy enough to still be entertaining.  In between Motown and a capella sets and a hilarious video montage of people singing their songs, they perform many of their hits.  Also, as others have mentioned, Marc Nelson from Az Yet sings background for them during the show and joins them front and center for some songs.  I was hoping they'd perform his group's song "Last Night"  - they didn't! :(  But his voice blends in very nicely with theirs!Never a dull moment during this hour and forty five minute show, totally enjoyable from beginning to end :)  They sing so beautifully it's impossible to not be captivated by their voices!  Plus, you just have to appreciate that their songs are full of emotion - they have actual good lyrical content.  What's even better: the guys seem to genuinely enjoy themselves on stage.  Hard not to have fun when the performers themselves are clearly having fun!  There are a couple of times the guys come out into the audience and interact with the crowd, and of course they have the very famous handing out of roses during "I'll Make Love To You."  I sat up front and was serenaded by Wanya during "End of the Road" IIRC and he kissed my hand before heading back on stage - swoon!  I also was the  first to get a rose from Shawn who had a smile when he saw me walking toward the stage - double swoon!  Haha!  An especially fun show for us ladies!I did the VIP package which got us amazing seats at the show as well as an after-show meet and greet.  They will switch out your VIP lanyard for an autographed one at that time.  Nice!  After about 15 minutes or half an hour the guys come out for you to greet them and get your picture taken with them.  The guys are very nice, no attitudes whatsoever :)  You go home with two wallet-sized pictures, and if you choose, for $35 you get a hard-cover book with an 8x10 inside.  They will email you the other pose (you take two pictures total) and for an additional fee can purchase the other picture if you choose.  If you do VIP just know that it is held in front of everyone else doing VIP (though the line is held a bit farther back) and you have to put your coats and bags on the ground if you don't want to be carrying all of your stuff when you meet and get your picture taken with them.The guys show the audience their appreciation throughout the night, thanking them all through the show.  We really need to thank them though for this amazing show they've put together and sharing with us this beautiful gift of singing they've been given!
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #5 - #365Ever since I started listening to Boys II Men back in the 90's, from Cassette tapes, CD's and now iTunes. I've fallen in love with their soft harmonies, acapellas, and NO AUTO TUNE! Cough* Cough** Brittney Spears...It's located in the Terry Fator Theater located pass the Mirage elevators, through the mall and near the convention center, phew! That's a good 10 minute exercise just from the casino. The showroom feels very intimate compared to large venues like Celine Dion and there are no bad seats in the house. I grew up listening to Boys II Men in school and till this day they still sound the same, plus, "No Lip Synching!" This shows how much talent they have and aren't fake with some music artist and still value their long term fans. =) Unfortunately, one of the members has retired (Michael McCary - Due to back problems and personal issues) the group now performs as a trio and has remained strong without the 4th member. They even admit, it's hard to perform some of their songs without Michael McCary, they are still strong in my book. Throughout their performance, they through some jokes, showed some hilarious Youtube videos of their fans singing their famous songs and passed out roses when they sang their song, "Ill Make Love to You." I'm just glad to have seen Boys II Men before they fully retire and can't wait to see them a second time. TIP** They allow pictures and video cameras throughout the show!
5	First time seeing Boys II Men....to be honest I wasn't really thrilled about going. Sure, I love there music but they were never my must see R&B group. Boy do I feel silly now.....I absolutely LOVED it! I can't believe that I was gonna let this concert pass me by! Obviously the men can SANG!!!! They had great stage presence and really seemed genuinely happy and honored to be performing! My favorite part was how personable they were during the performance. Handing out roses and giving hugs to fans. They seemed so down to earth! The venue was small but packed filled with all ages and backgrounds. This concert really took me back down memory lane. A MUST see concert while in Vegas!
5	Loved the concert. The Boyz were so sweet handing out roses and giving hugs in the audience near the end of the show. They had great stage presence and were very humble about their 20+ years in music. They still looked great and got all the dance moves! I remember listening to them back in junior high, singing with the CD about love, and not having a clue what love actually was. Now married and in my 30s, I got to appreciate their songs THAT MUCH more since I can relate. I'd say we were probably one of the younger ones in the crowd of 30 - 50 year olds.
5	Absolutely, hands down, one of the best live shows I've ever seen. The venue is perfect; small, intimate and sounds great. I highly advise drinking BEFORE you go considering its 13 dollars for a solo cup of margarita. The boyz sound great. I was impressed with how personable and funny they were in between songs. MEN: take your lady, it will definitely get you laid :)
5	Classic.. audience was great too!
5	Took me back in the days!  LOVE IT!! The venue is small, so even seats in the back are good seats.   I would recommend this show to anyone that is/was a Boyz II Men fan.
5	The ladies loved it. Men liked it because the ladies were having fun. Seriously, it was very entertaining. Even non-fans will enjoy the show. Highly recommended when you're in Vegas.
5	Must see!!!! It took me back to my High School Days, I enjoyed every second. Recommend this to everyone that loves music and a great time. Boys II Men put a show that I'll never forget. Fun from the start loved the East Coast swag. I felt like I was watching my friends from back in the day.
5	Amazing performance. Honestly, you don't expect performers to sound like their songs do on the radio but if its at all possible, they sounded even better!
5	Went to there concert Friday night April 11 2014.  My husband and I were there celebrating our 10 year anniversary. We had such a great time we laughed , cried and saying along. The minute they sang I'll make love to you I went down to the stage and was given a red rose. I was in heaven. I grew up hearing there songs but had never been able to go to there concerts. But we picked the right time to go and see them. It was such a great romantic getaway for my husband and I. There music had us singing and dancing. I definitely recommend to go see them in concert.
5	Great concert. They are still awesome showmen. The venue doesn't have a bad seat and the show feels really intimate, almost like an MTV unplugged concert. Worth every penny.
5	Our favorite show this trip!  The venue is very intimate, so even sitting in the middle felt up close and personal.  The tickets were also relatively cheap compared to most of the other Vegas shows.  I LOVED thay they interacted with the crowd a lot, from giving out roses to slow dancing in the aisles.  They sound just like they did back in the day and definitely took us on a trip down memory lane!
5	This is an amazing show. Great music, dance moves I wasn't expecting and amazing interaction with the audience. Would gladly see it again.
5	I have many of their titles, but wasn't expecting a lot when we bought tickets for our Anniversary trip to Vegas in May, 2013.... Boy, was I surprised! Had front row seats, right at the foot of the steps where Sean gave out roses.... I didn't get one, but got hit over the head by a woman behind me, trying to grab one.... WOW.... FOR A ROSE?..... But I digress.. The show was fabulous! During their Motown tribute, they sang "Reach Out I'll Be There"... Wanya walked down the steps and sang directly into my cellphone! What a treat! Yes, I posted to youtube... Don't even hesitate... This is well worth the money... I have a very memorable souvenir... Much better than that rose I got hit in the head for!
5	How can people sound BEYOND good live?! I love it. I would totally again. The performers and the crown are so into it, you couldn't help but have a blast!
5	On a whim, I decided to peruse Vegas dot com for inspiration... my best friend & I wanted a nice evening out over the long Memorial Day weekend. We were amped on the idea of Boyz II Men (they were my very 1st concert almost 20yrs ago). The venue is perfect- open but still intimate. Didn't seem like there was a bad seat in the house. The theater was at probably 90% capacity & the people-watching was awesome. There was every type of person there, which shows the scope of the people they touched. It only took seconds after the curtain opened to see that they've still got it! Didn't miss a beat. In between sets, there was talking & I think the biggest surprise was how much we laughed. There's a Motown segment that's super fun. My only complaint were the 2 songs where they come into contact with the audience- I appreciate wanting that interaction with the fans but it's chaotic & takes away from the songs. & because the audience members are so excited that they left their manners at their seats, there were times when it was obvious the guys were annoyed. Otherwise, we had a blast & we'd definitely encourage seeing Boyz II Men!
5	This. Is. The. Best. Show. Ever. I cried tears of happiness when they played all the classics - End of the Road, On Bended Knee, I'll Make Love to You, akh238! I would go again and again to this concert if i could. Thank you Shawn for giving me the first rose of the night. I think I may be in love!
5	I had seen them years ago when my daughter was a teenager, and was excited to see them again. My seat was 11 rows back and was an aisle seat, so I had a wonderful view of it all! They performed liked they did years ago and showed that they still have it! Their dance moves and over all friendliness towards the audience made the concert one of the best I have seen in Vegas!There is only one negative thing that I can say about the concert. There was a gal in the front row at an aisle seat that was allowed to stand up and dance for about 95% of the show. She would put her arms out to the singers and was really putting on a show, which obviously bothered the performers, and especially the audience! She took away from the show with her nonsense, and I heard several people telling her to sit down, but she wouldn't. There were security within 20 feet of her the whole time, and they wouldn't make her sit down either! Other than that, the show was great!
3	I have seen them twice in the last 3-4 years.  They were ok, but were missing one of the members and I felt their harmonies were off.  But went for the nostalgia factor.  I love Boys II Men back in the day.
5	My absolute FAVORITE show on the Strip and trust me, I've seen them all. These guys are true artists and beyond talented!!! I think they sound even better than they did 20 years ago. Plus they do an a capella set that is out of this world! They keep REAL MUSIC alive and Vegas is lucky to have them! They are releasing a new album in September that I'm sure will be outstanding and hopefully incorporated into their Vegas show. I could go on and on forever about this amazing show but you just need to see it for yourself. It's the best money you'll ever spend, I promise!
5	Loved every minute of it!! Best R&B group of all times!!!   They are very entertaining! And ladies!  You can get up close!  They will serenade to you and even give you a rose!
5	Wonderful, engaging and they sound so soft each note caresses your ear.  When they sang mama I cried tears. Make sure You get center seats though.
5	Really great show!! A must see.
5	Lovedddd every second!! If you grew up with boyz ii men, you need to go!! Brought back old memories. High energy, funny, everyone's dancing and singing along. They still sound amazing!!
5	Fantastic show! I've gone twice and both times were a lot of fun. Very entertaining, the show room is comfortable and not too large. I would definitely recommend going.
5	Saw this show last night and it brought goose bumps and tears!!! Grew up listening to the Boyz and they sound as good today as ever. The venue was small and intimate and I loved every breathtaking minute. As I local, I'll be going again for sure!!!!!
5	f-ing AMAZINGyou will cry tears of joynot a lot of artists perform live without a back track these days, but Boyz II Men can do it accapella and still sound better than the CD!the venue is intimate and their arms are open, I ran up for a hug from Wanya and Shawn, and got a rose during I'll Make Love To YouBEST concert EVER.
5	There is a number of reasons why I keep watching Boyz II Men. I've seen them in concert twice before they even had this show in Vegas. I've seen their show twice as well. It never gets old. There are a few groups/artists that I can watch over and over and feel like it's my first time: Brian McKnight, 112 and Boyz II Men.The lyrics, melody, vocals, harmony and sheer talent that set Boyz II Men apart from current groups nowadays that don't have innate talent. I've listened to Boyz II Men in grade school, high school and college...and until now. Michael McCray retired and the group is left with 3: Wanya Morris, Nathan Morris and Shawn Stockman. I'm having flashbacks of the time when I'd listen to Rick Dee's and the Weekly Top 40 and anxiously waiting for them to be the top song. Their voices exude soul, clarity and passion which has never faded even after all these years. They still sound the same as they did 20 years ago. So, kids, don't smoke!Wanya brings flair, drama and powerfully hits the high notes. Nathan is cool with his deep and soulful voice. Shawn has that soothing voice that can also hit high notes. Put them all together and a beautiful harmony is created. Many babies were made because of Boyz II Men.Comparing their concerts with this show:They sing two of my favorites, "4 Seasons of Loneliness" and "Doin' Just Fine" at their concerts but aren't part of the show. But they have a lot of good songs so, I can't really complain. On top of performing their hit songs, they make the audience laugh and then they also do a tribute to their musical influences: Supremes, Marvin Gaye, Lionel Richie, Temptations, Stevie Wonder, Jackson 5, Michael Jackson and Diana Ross. They also performed "Yesterday" by The Beatles. Like their concerts, they also serenade the ladies and give them roses. How I feel about that is the same as how I felt about Halloween as a kid - why go through the hassle of getting something for free when you could have somebody get what you want for you?At every show/concert, they always express their gratitude towards their fans, venue employees, etc. The audience is encouraged to sing along, get up and dance...or 2-step. Although we've come to the end of this review, "still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you" but I am "getting along very well without you in my life. I don't need you in my life." I just need my dose of Boyz II Men.
5	This show is a MUST SEE! I didn't expect to like it as much as I did. First off, the band is right in your face. They interact with the audience and their voices are spot on! They don't just sing, but they tell stories, crack jokes, tell you a little insider information on the band's history.I had an opportunity to meet the band after the show and they are very very nice guys. I wouldn't mind going a second time!
5	"Motown Philly's back again!"  This show is a MUST!!!  These talented guys haven't skipped a beat in 23 years!!  I thought we would miss the 4th member but their 3 part harmony is fabulous!  Wanya is a dancing fool!  It looks like he is still enjoying what he does. Shawn & Nathan are incredibly talented. Their interaction with the crowd reminded me of a scene from the movie The Five Heartbeats. The women were rushing the stage, screaming, begging for hugs - just loving these men up!  You will not be disappointed!!!!  I also love the intimacy of the Terry Fader Theater, there isn't a bad seat in the house. I wouldn't mind seeing it again.  It's hard to find artist that actually sing and boys....oops, men, can SAAAANNGG!
5	We went here on a Saturday night. They always have available discounts at the ticket discount place.  Good seating in theatre, no bad seats.They put on a fantastic show with sprinkles of humor throughout. Very humble and thanked the crowded and staff at the start and end of show. They get crowd participation with everyone standing up and dancing.  As well as giving out lots of hugs to the ladies. Great show, enjoyed listening, very talented guys. Highly recommend!
5	Boyz II Men was the BOMB! Even after 20 years in the industry, they still have it going on! You better check them out before they retire. A must see. Had me singing Motown Philly all week long!"Motown Philly back again. Doin a little east coast swag..."
5	What else can I say that hasn't been said!!Boyz II Men is the epitome of what real R&B is for my generation. With 20+ years in the music industry, multiple awards, millions of albums sold, and numerous number one hits, Boyz II Men earned their star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame back in 2012.To end our Vegas trip with a bang, my cousin and I went to pay homage and watch one of our biggest music influences, Boyz II Men. From our first concert in 1995 to 2014, the quality of their shows have never changed! These guys always perform with heart. During their concert they sing their classics, a musical tribute to Motown from artists who influenced them, and a acapella set which features Az Yet member/Co-Founder of Boyz II Men Marc Nelson.  During their performance of "I'll Make Love To You", the fellas hand out roses to the ladies while serenading them. And that stage gets crowded! It's very rare to see performers as humble as these guys. Especially, after 20+ years in the industry.We got the VIP package which included front row seating (your seats will be within the first three rows from the stage), a VIP lanyard, and a complimentary photo with the fellas. For those of you who want to catch this show, the fellas have extended their residency till the end of 2015! They still have shows available for the remainder of 2014. Now you have more time to reminisce your first dance, kiss, wedding, and first born!I for sure want to try to catch another show again. This time hopefully I can take a significant other!
5	After going to this show four times, it always feels like I'm seeing them with fresh eyes. They know how to put on a great show, where everyone, no matter what age, race or gender, feels like family. And damn their voices haven't changed after 23 years! Marc Nelson from Az Yet is a pleasant addition for the a cappella songs too! I only wish the show were longer. 1.5 hours is not nearly enough :) Hope Mirage keeps them around for a long time, I'll keep coming back. Tip: Be careful during the "rose ceremony" because the ladies can get dangerous when they climb over each other to get to the Boyz.
4	I heart these Philly men! They still got it! Such amazing voices after all these years!The show was wonderful just listening to them.  They interacted with the audience quite often, which I thought was great!The general audience is OLDER people.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not 21 anymore. But these people were clearly in their 40s- older.  I think my bf and I were the youngest ones in here.  Merchandise is so much cheaper than most concerts, but they just had a handful of items.  Beware of the "talkers" that sit behind u! OMG, this one lady was annoying AF!The theater is small and cozy.  Which is great, so any seat is a great view.
5	I have been a Boyz II Men fan since the beginning... Last month when I was in Vegas I saw the billboard that they were at the Mirage and knew I defiantly had to come back just to see them.  First of all the theater is not huge so it doesn't seem like there's a bad seat in the place. Their personality, energy, and overall performance was spectacular. They truly perform with their heart and soul and know that their music has an impact on their fans. The show was about 90 minutes and I wish it was a little bit longer, they had other songs I loved to hear but they did not sing. But overall, I have nothing negative to say about the show.  If they are still there, I know I will defiantly want to see them again, and next time I think I would purchase the VIP package which include the meet and greet.
5	I love them. They're so passionate and happy to be there...  Unbelievable. I was really expecting them to perform grudgingly because they gotta be on stage on thanksgiving night (per contract with mirage, I'm sure) .......but it was a great show. Got up close n personal too! Quite fun. They incorporated electric guitar and old school portions to the show.
5	Honestly these guys are still the best in the business. The music is timeless and the vocals are impeccable. Such a fun show, well worth it. We will go again, and again!
