4	Ok. so on the west side, people wait for hours (every night of the week) for f*ing olive garden. Are you kidding me? Come on people, if you want crappy Italian food check out the freezer section at Fry's. No waiting! So in that context, Babbo is really good. Cute little place in a strip wall (this is the west side after all). The food is comfort food. Nothing creative or fancy, just big portions and tasty food. We had the salad, pesto bruschetta, pizza and the tiramisu. Everything was pretty good (not if you are on a diet...or a pseduo diet like I am). Great service. Our waitress rocked. And she offered tasting of several wines so we could make our choice. Nice touch. It is amazing how good service can make a place shine. Anyway, I will go back.  Nice to see a good place in the 623.
5	Ever since I met my significant other I have been hearing rave reviews about Babbo.  He absolutely loves the sandwiches and craves them often enough to peel himself away from the pool and drive across town for Saturday afternoon lunch take-out.  I have only been once and had a really great experience.  We sat outside on a beautiful day enjoying delicious food and great conversation.  If I could change one thing, I would place Babbo in a location overlooking something better than a sea of compact cars.Great place for outdoor lunch, great service, great food!
4	This is a Fabulous Italian Place hidden in a strip mall! The small bistro has a cute and easy going setting with a very nice and friendly staff. I am a big fan of Italian food and this did not disappoint. The Spaghetti and meatballs ruled as well as the bread and oil they serve. So forget all the chain restaurants smothering the Arizona land and try Babbo. I cant wait to go back to try more off their menu.
4	Yay! I finally got over to Babbo. I didn't know it existed until I read other positive reviews, and it did not disappoint! It was a random hour - 3pm this afternoon, and we weren't sure what to eat. So we stopped in and checked out the menu.  Definitely reasonably priced, so we stuck around. My dining partner ordered the creamy pasta with mushrooms, asparagus, and chicken. I had the Italiano sandwich. Salami and italian meats with oil, vinegar, provolone, lettuce, tomato, and pepperonccini. I also had an arnold palmer, which the waitress accidentally made with passion fruit iced tea rather than regular - and it was amazing. My sandwich came with the fried zucchini chips and at that point I was pretty certain I had died and gone to zucchini heaven. Worth the trip alone. I ate all of them.Friend and I traded bites, her pasta was very tasty. The starter bread and oil they brought out was good. My other half of sandwich came home with me. Only complaint is that the staff was a little over-zealous, but we were the only people in the joint, so I guess I can't blame them. They were probably bored. Good stuff!!
4	Obviously from the name it is Italian food, but they do it rather quickly. Our visit was on a Friday for lunch and we took advantage of the lunch specials. I had the BBQ Style Chicken pizza and my wife had Mista Salad. As usual we ate family style and shared with our daughter who just loves to watch people moving throughout the restaurant.The food was quick and the service was very pleasant. The salad was a full serving and sharing was not a problem. The black olives were a hit for Tara, my daughter and a great hit for my wife since she loves Balsamic Vinaigrette. The combination of greens, mushrooms, mozzarella cheese and croutons makes for a refreshing salad.The BBQ Style Chicken pizza is also big enough to share as well. Made with BBQ Sauce, Roasted Chicken, Roasted Red Onions, and Cilantro. This really hits the spot. I prefer a sweet tangy BBQ sauces over the spicy type and this one fits into my preference.The bill came in under $20 and we kept it to an hour. We were very happy with our visit and plan to return again soon.
2	This is simply okay strip mall Italian. Does it beat the rest of the suburban feedlot fare - olive garden, cheese cake, etc? Yes. But, not by much. I'd say that they ingredients used are sub-par, or - more likely - purchased at the safeway next door.We had pizza and the spaghetti dish. Pizza was so-so. Spaghetti dish tasted like canned sauce over ordinary pasta. The menu isn't creative, but it caters well to the Glendale / Peoria market.Oh, and the bread and olive oil couldn't be less ordinary. They have cooking-grade (or worse) olive oil. And, the bread - the night I went - was cold and fairly stale. Surely not made the same day.
2	Consistently horrible service.  Food is very good.I used to shun corporate chains and opt for local offerings, but Babbo changed my mind.  They seem to hire servers who have little to no experience as servers, and frankly have no idea how to provide good service at all.Just order it to go and you'll avoid this restaurant's downfall.
3	We Often Frequent the Surprise location, and have been to this location a few times before meeting friends and family for dinner.  Up to this point service has been consistent.  So when some friends that just got back into town asked us to meet them for dinner here we didn't think we were in for any surprises. As usual our server was prompt and attentive, unfortunately when the food came I can't say the same.  Two out of the Four of our party had ordered calzones, we got our food and started eating.  The other calzone had the wrong ingredients and had to be remade, but by the time the remake made it out to us it was cold.  Mine was missing an ingredient and also contained uncooked mushrooms, which if you eat mushrooms you understand the world of difference in texture and flavor from cooked to uncooked.  In the end our server and the manager apologized multiple times for the food and explained they have a new chef.  She also comped one of the calzones and comped a dessert too which will make me come back.I like Babbo and know what they can do, I just might stick to the surprise location for a short time after this.Kudos to the manager and our server for at least being consistent.
3	They upgraded the inside very nicely (a year or so ago) and it's modern and cute.The food is ok ...not the best. I ordered the steak and blue salad (supposed to have steak and blue cheese in it as the name suggests) they forgot the blue cheese. humm?Their wine is not worth it.  The bread is ok but every time i've been there - it took a loooong time for it to make it to the table.The Pasta is so/so.  The Pasta Martini is inconsistent - sometimes the sauce is too alfredo-ish and it's icky.  Can't really go wrong with the Italian Sausage Pasta and i like the Pasta Rustico (add the chicken to it! )  - but they are just typical fare. Sandwiches are pretty tasty.  I'm giving it a 3start rating because it's good but never sticks out in my mind that I want to go there again.
5	YUM!  I love this place!  It's decorated nicely, and the menu has lots of choices.  My favorite dish is the Curried Chicken and Pear Pasta.  It's a nice blending of Asian and Italian.  Delicious!  My alternate choice is the Chopped Gorgonzola Salad.  My friends swear by the Steak 'N Blue Salad, but I haven't tried it yet.  I have been there many times with my family and have hosted parties there as well. The service has always been prompt and helpful.  I'm so glad we have this restaurant nearby; it's one of my favorites.
3	Glendale AND 67th location...food is good, lots of staff but service is frequently subpar. Recently my wife and I went in and were seated.  Watched 4 staff members engaged in ongoing conversation but seemed oblivious to my wife and I lay our menus down that we got from a statff member at the door, get up and walk out after being ignored for 10 minutes...I was thirsty so we left but no staff seemed to care or notice.
4	Babbo is a cute little Italian restaurant at 67th ave. and the 101.  I always have gone there with a coupon, so have no complaints about the price.  They also have a great happy hour deal (I think 5-7 p.m.) - $25 for 2 glasses of wine, 2 small salads, and 2 pizzas or pastas.  More than enough food for 2 people, plus you get their delicious bread!  Their pastas are ok, but their pizzas are delicious!  We had their caprese pizza on our last outing- pesto sauce, mozarella, and tomatoes.  Yum.Service is a little slow, hence the four stars.  Otherwise, I'd give it 5.
2	I'm having such a hard time reviewing this place...I normally have a pretty good experience and the food is usually pretty good, but this last time, I had bad food and bad service.I had the italian sausage pasta which is normally salty so I asked for less salt.  I was sharing it with someone who can't eat peppers so I asked for it on the side.  My dish was flavored right but the peppers weren't on the side.My roommate ordered the spaghetti and meatball special but with less sauce.  The spaghetti was smothered in sauce, when we asked about it, the waitress quickly said there's normally even more sauce...hard to believe.  The pasta was way over done too.The one constant is the bread...they have really good bread...very unique in comparison to the bread at other italian restaurants.It was a less than superb outing this time.  I'll eventually go back to try it again but I don't know if I can justify the drive if the experience is bad again.
4	Great food. Salads are good too. Last time I was there asked for xtra garlic and it just added that extra umph. Great service. Good food for a chain. Consistent
4	Eorth a trip for pasta or their salads. Both are wonderful. And if you like garlic they know what you mean when you say xtra garlic. They actually give you extra. Yummm. Of course you will probably not be kissing anyone that night.
4	Cute little Italian restaurant at 67th Ave and 101. I have never had a bad meal at this restaurant. Salads are creative with wonderfully fresh ingredients. Have had several of the pasta dishes but have not tried the pizza as of yet. Currently on Mondays and Tuesdays they have Spaghetti and Meatballs for $5.99. It's a large portion with two huge meatballs and plenty of sauce. It's nice to go to a restaurant that actually gives you enough sauce. Usually  we end up ordering extra sauce wherever we go but it's not needed here.   Great prices.   Service can be hit or miss.
4	The prices are good and so is the food. We always get the Pesto Bruchetta for the appetizer. Their recipes all use very creative ingredients. My favorite dish is the Napa Valley Salad, but the Chicken Limone is pretty good as well. I'm glad they are starting to expand into other areas of the valley as I am tired of seeing the same old chain Italian places on every corner.
4	I have been here twice, one of these times was too long ago to really remember.  This time I ordered the Pasta Valducci, which was a pasta in pink sauce with artichokes, sun dried tomatoes and kalamata olives.  It has great flavor, I'd recommend it to anyone wanting more than thee common spaghetti or fettuccine alfredo, this dish has a lot more to offer. Especially when you're looking for a meatless meal, meatless doesn't have to be boring.They also have great bread, fresh out of the oven and really soft..
4	I love the Chicken Limone and the Mediterranean Olive Tepenade.   I can't wait to try other pasta dishes.   It is convient to order online and pick up.   If you live in the area, I highly recommend.
3	Was there on July 28th, food was marginal, would probably be better if they tried serving food cooked all the way through. I had a calzone that was warm on the edges but the cheese in the middle was still solid and the meat was cold. My wife's ravioli was similar. My sons spaghetti was steaming hot, so he was the big winner.Service was another issue that could have been just when we were there. There were only 2 servers working the entire floor and they were so busy that they could not give full attention to any one table.I had lunch there about 6 months ago and it was pretty good, so perhaps it was a bad night.
4	This a great little italian place. The decor is stylish and the ambience is romantic. The food is excellent and house chianti is very tasty and reasonably priced.
5	Love this place! I've tried the caprese pizza with pesto which was amazing, and the Chicken Limone is great as well! I lived in italy for three years and have found it hard to find italian food that i can stomach here in the states. But this place surprised me! I am a big fan and cant wait to try more things off the menu,its all at a great price as well!!
4	This was a very nice mellow restraunt that was perfect for girl talk and resting while helping a friend apartment search.  I liked the food and the prices.  I ordered a salad and pizza special that was very good.  I enjoyed the misto salad and the pizza was very fresh and delicious too.  My friend got a calazone that was steaming hot and looked delicious.  I will definately go back.
3	I am a big fan of Babbo...maybe just not this location as much as others.  I am giving this location 3 stars, but mind you the location on 16th St. is deserving of 4.  Guess it is all about the location in this case.We arrived shortly after 7 pm on a Monday night.  The place was packed!  I really wanted to sit on the patio and eat, but apparently you can't drink alcoholic beverages outside, so inside it was.It seemed as if they had about 4 new people starting.  Our server had a shadow and he followed every action she did in succession with her moves.  Slightly odd.The bread was delivered to our table promptly.  What a nice treat!  I like that they sliced it up for us and brought us extras free of charge to munch on.  It was fresh, warm, and had the perfect amount of baked red onions on it to add a hint of sweetness.  Fear not, they also provide you with a plethora of oil and vinegar for dipping, to which I added mounds of pepper, parm cheese, and crushed red pepper to spice it up.We decided to order a side mista salad to split with each other.  It was ehhhh, but not as fresh as I have experienced before.  I do really enjoy the mista salad and the variety of items that are in it.  It is not just your traditional crappy house salad that you get from many other competitor restaurants.The food took a while to arrive, so more bread was delivered in the mean time.  I ordered the creamy garlic chicken and my fiance the southwestern chicken pasta.  For both, the sauce could have been a little thicker, but in either case it made for great dipping of the bread.  The sun dried tomatoes in my pasta were horribly sour and added a slightly funky taste to the whole meal.  I settled with picking them out and the rest was okay from that point forward.  I added in lots of extra parm cheese to give the sauce more thickness and ultimately provide more flavor.  I decided that I preferred the meal that my fiance ordered better than mine (I HATE when that happens!).  I did notice a lack of overall ingredients such as the bell peppers and green onions, but in either case his was delicious.  He mentioned that the peppers were a little undercooked and may have tasted better if they were sauteed. Overall, not a bad experience, but I definitely prefer the alternate locations as of this point.  I will definitely go back and give it a second chance and hopefully bump up my initial rating.
1	sorry...I'd ...never want to eat here...tried txice...not good enough for me
4	We love Babbo's.  We've been going since they've opened.  We usually get a salad, bread, and an entree to share.  We get out under $20 most times (depending on the entree).  This place is cheaper and way better than Olive Garden.  Service has always been excellent.  Out of the 100 times we've been there only had a problem once and they handled it very professionally-and it was no big deal.  If you want average Italian fare at a good price with nice people this is your place.  They do take out too which is nice when you are too tired to eat in.  They also have a nice patio to dine on when weather permits.
4	My friend and I went here after a day of spring training baseball and we were indecisive on where to eat.  This was close to where we were staying and looked nice with good reviews.  Wow, I really enjoyed this place!  The service was friendly, and quite a good menu.  I decided on a pizza with meatballs on it and my friend got the pasta puglia and we shared.  The pasta puglia was AMAZING!!!  So fresh and tasty; but we got it on spagettini instead of the fusilli.  I really enjoyed the pizza too!  Good crust, not too think and the meatballs were not dried out from the oven; the garlic was a great touch!  The bread you get to start is also quite good!I would definately return!
4	I love Babbo! It is a small restaurant and therefore can get full pretty full on a Saturday night, but it is worth the wait. They have a great selection of interesting pasta dishes and everything I have tasted there has been very fresh. I also love the bread and oil that they serve to you when you sit down. One of my favorites is the Pasta Primavera because of all the tasty veggies, but I recently had the Bolognese and it was fantastic as well. Great customer service here as well. Last time we stopped in they were out of the wine my mom ordered, so they gave her a more expensive glass for the same price!
4	We went there at 6 o clock on friday, with no reservations, the place was packed. We wanted to sit outside, but the girls said it will take an hour for a seat there... so we decided to sit inside instead, we got a seat at around 6:30...Great service, great food. I ordered Pasta Valducci and my husband ordered Caprese pizza, which was just amazing... i kept taking bites from his plate... i just loved my pasta which was such a fresh change for my tastebuds. I ordered a pinot grigo, we also had a salad, minta i guess which was just great... we really filled our selves with the bread, which was such a great change from the greasy shit that Olive garden serves...We just ate half of our food and packed rest, I know Portion control is important that is why...Anyways we will definitely go back there...
4	Fast seating, polite staff, quick service + attention, great salads.  I also ordered the pizza for us to share and they brought it to me.  While it seemed to be a nice size, they said it was the wrong one (too small) so was free but would bring me a correct one right away.  I would never have known.Thanks for the honesty, tipped 25%
4	Great food and atmosphere.  The bread and oil is to die for, YUM!  Sometimes service can be a little slow.
2	I have eaten in this restaurant several times over the last 3 years. I always give it another try after a long period of time goes by. Then when I go back I remember exactly why it's been so long. Value for the price. When I go to a pizza place and order a pepperoni pizza, I don't expect to hunt to find a piece of pepperoni on it when I open the box.  I'm always dissappointed when I go to this place. especially when I drop $60 - $70 and my kids eat 3 bowls of pasta.  there's just too many other restaurants to try that will give you better value for my money. Service is ok, fook is good, (when they get it right) I give this place a 5 on a scale of 0-10.  (it's missable.)
4	I really like that this place is always busy, but not busy enough for the staff to accommodate you. Every time I've eaten here I've gotten excellent service... and food! I've mostly tried their pasta dishes and haven't disappointed with any of them so far. If I'm on a (rare) healthy kick I'll order their flank steak salad, which is still awesome. Also love their Italian sodas - Hurricane is my fave. This is my new place to go for Italian and a definite must-try!
5	Really good place if you are looking for something different and are going with people who want the same old thing. They have the classics like spaghetti and meatballs and some creative dishes. I got a pasta with prosciutto and Brussels sprouts and it was really good. Make sure you get there early cause it's kinda small dining area and fills up fast, but worth the wait.
4	We've eaten here many times and the food is always good. It's always busy which shows me the food is good. Spaghetti and meatballs is a favorite along with their pizzas. They have a great Happy Hour menu so check it out!!
1	I don't complain. Plan and simple. I've never complained about service, or anything related before.First off... we were seated in the "sunny seats". We were told it was the only seat. Whatever... didn't care too much. Not too big of a deal. It was 113* today, and you could for sure feel the heat off the window. When the manager walked by, she apologized for the hot seats and explained that they should have a tinted window like the rest of the restaurant in no time. OK... so don't you think that the table maybe shouldn't be there?Anyway.WORST SERVER EVER. Yes, we were seated in the sunny seats. 4-6 waiters walked by us several times. I asked the hostess for water when we were sat (I'm not exaggerating how hot it was) and it took at least 5-6 minutes to get some water on the table. Our server brought the water, with no straws and simply walked away. Every single person in my party downed their water in under 5 minutes and I was never ONCE refilled my entire visit. After placing our order, the waiter was so rude & I was so hot... I asked the hostess to  make mine to go. When the manager walked by a second time we let her know how rude and short the waiter was. She observed him rudely taking our order & walked back to us and said: "I'm sorry. He's usually really good. I don't know what's up with him tonight". Are you freaking kidding me? His service never got better and the MANAGER did NOTHING to make it right. She even walked my to go box over to the table herself.  Here's what she needs to do right: fire him. There's plenty jobless people who would do a heck of a job compared to him. But however, after more explanation below, staff members who are bad are a reflection of a bad manager. She was fully aware how upset we were. We left, with not too much tip. There was no way I'd give that man a dime. I thought about how awful this was on the way home & decided to call once I was home. I spoke with the manager and she knew who I was. She apologized about "hot sunny table" & I explained my thoughts on how that ONE table should not be used. All it's going to do tomorrow is make someone else mad. Most of all, I said the table would have been NO big deal if we had a human being as a waiter. She agreed, apologized and said she was "going to give us a free dessert but it was just so busy she didn't get to it in time before we left". Guess what... didn't want dessert... it would have melted & we wanted to get the heck out! She offered me a free salad for my next visit. I nicely told her there was NO WAY I was going to return. I asked for her to return the money on my credit card and she said there was no way they could do that. I then said that I'd gladly drive the 15 minutes back to have my card refunded, that evening when I got around to it. I'm so upset nothing was done the first time we informed the manager that something wasn't right. What's odd is she agreed with us the whole time and STILL did nothing about it. Never switched waiters, never gave free drinks, NEVER REFILLED EMPTY WATER glasses, just didn't do anything. Due to this experience, I'll be contacting the owner with my experience. NEVER ever have I written a negative review on ANYTHING in my life, until this. Needless to say I'm very sad about this. I love their food, I think it's the best Italian on the west side. Unfortunately I don't think I can ever go back, not until some new management whips it into shape.
1	Really upset to give this a 1* review because I love going to smaller, less known places. I've eaten at Babbo a few times and have always had pretty good experiences, but my most recent experience has made me NEVER want to go back & make an effort to tell people not to go.First, we were seated right next to the blazing hot window. Sweat was literally pouring from our faces & we were fanning ourselves with the menus. We asked for a new table but were told it would be 20 minutes to be reseated, even though we watched several people get seated who had just walked in far less than 20 minutes. The manager even came by telling us we were sitting in the "hot seats" and that they were sorry that particular window didn't have tinting at the time. Seriously, WHY would you seat someone at a table you actually know is BLAZING hot? We ended up scrunching super close together on the miniscule portion of shade on the table just to get out of the sun. There were no air vents above us so we couldn't feel the air conditioning. We felt like little slaves huddled on what is known as the "hot" table while everyone else was relaxing under the air vents & shade. Must be nice to be on that side!Next, the server was the worst I have experienced, anywhere. We didn't even receive as much as a smile, just muttering asking what we wanted, acting like he was doing us a favor by taking our orders (I should add that although we were upset about the table, we tried to be friendly to the waiter; we know it wasn't his fault we were sitting there & weren't going to take that out on him). It also took us a really long time to get water refills...especially miserable since our table was so hot & we were all out of water.Now let's get to the food. When the side salads came, there was so much salad stuffed onto a small plate that the salad was literally flopping off of the sides and onto the table. It was also drenched in dressing & the combination of the salad falling off of the plate & swimming in dressing, it looked like the most unappetizing food I've ever seen. Since there was so much salad on the place, it was really hard to eat because most of it was just falling off of the plate & onto the table. When i was done I had to pick up most of the wasted salad & put it back on the plate. I should also add that the salad was a decent size for a side salad; it was just put onto a REALLY small plate.At this point it was just miserable. Food was falling everywhere, sweat kept dripping, and horrible service that was giving me a headache. We asked the manager to come back yet again and expressed our complaints about the heat & service, but the manager made no offer to make it better. I'm not the type to complain or ever try to get something in return, but I was surprised when our check came & we were charged the full price given the manager knew how upset we were and completely agreed with us about our horrible experience. I guess service is just going downhill, but if I was the manager I would have done everything in my power to turn the situation around and make my customers happy, even if it was as simple as offering us a new table or giving us a small discount on the meal we couldn't possibly enjoy or even want to take the time to eat with sweat dripping from our faces.Needless to say, the food is decent & I am very sad that their horrible service has ruined my liking of this restaurant. All it would have taken was a nice server or something other than the manger to simply 'agree' with us to completely turn this experience around. I will not support nor recommend this practice of business.
5	I say 5 stars for a great consistent Italian place that I first highly underestimated.  I have been coming here for years and would be lying if I didn't tell you that I am addicted to the Napa Valley salad....I know I dont eat salad, but when I do it is this one.  The service is always great here and the atmosphere is really nice considering it is in a Safeway shopping center.  The hot bread they bring out is always gone in seconds since my kids even inhale the bread with oil and vinegar.  I also think that their fettuccine alfredo is one of the best I have ever had.  I dont get it much since I am pretty sure my arteries will get clogged if I do but on a special occasion I will take one for the team.   I probably go here about once per month for my whole family, it is a great place for authentic Italian food.
1	I used to love this place. When it first opened (when it was half the size it was now, and they had BYOB because they didn't have an alcohol license), we really enjoyed it. The servers were friendly and fast, and the manager walked around and checked on all her guests.What the heck happened? This was my go-to spot during weekdays around lunch, when me and the girls would go in for their lunch special (a salad and pasta or pizza for $9). Slowly, this place was going from one of my favorite places, to somewhere I would avoid. There is no reason to have rude, ignorant waiters who know nothing about the new items they've added to their menu, or how to use a register. Despite this, because it's so close, me and a couple friends went in to get the lunch special. We were seated immediately in a cool area under an air vent (thank God) and our drink orders were taken as a server (a young blonde girl) introduced herself. It took six minutes for our drinks to get to the table, while we watched her chatting with a guy at the bar.When we took our orders, I got my usual. I love their Spring salad, I always get it every time I come in, because it's always delicious - and the pasta martini, which my whole family enjoys when we come in. Our food came out quick, and our bill came out shortly.Howver, when we had asked for a split bill, she must have forgotten. We had all gotten the same thing (the lunch special and a soda) so we gave her our debit cards so she could split them up at the register. She brought back our bills to sign and return our cards when I noticed my bill said $17?! Umm, no?! I immediately corrected her, and she told me she would remove that from my card and replace it with my bill. I left a small tip and left.The next day, I went on to check my bank account. Not ONLY had I been charged the 17 for someone else's order, but the additional 13.50 from mine!!!  THIRTY DOLLARS?! I called the manager and she asked for my reciept. When I explained I did not have it (she hadn't brought me one), she told me she could not help me, even though I offered to print out my bank statement. I doubt I will ever come back to this location. I much prefer the location in uptown, where the servers are friendly and out of high school.
5	The employees are very friendly and accommodating and the food is delicious!We love this place! The roasted beet & brussel sprout salad is so good that we find ourselves craving it routinely (sans cheese, obviously)!They are very happy to answer my questions on ingredients, omit cheese & other items from predetermined dishes and even substitute extra items (like pine nuts) at no cost. Very vegan friendly establishment!Other food that we enjoy there: The pizza crust bread (vegan), pasta primavera using either a garlic olive oil sauce or a marinara sauce, with pine nuts added. If you're looking for some tasty Italian food and excellent service, check out Babbo.
2	This place is just down the road from my house so thought I'd give it a try for lunch. I came in not really knowing what to expect. we walked in and it is actually kind of goofy feeling on in the inside. The atmosphere felt very strip mall but also felt like they were trying to raise the class which resulted in an awkward feeling the whole time. Not to mention the tables are practically sitting on top of each other. our server, Sarah, was pleasant and cheerful. I ordered the fettucini alfrado and my girlfriend had pizza. I was eager for a tasty bowl of pasta however when it arrived, just the look was pathetic. It was dry, flavorless, and the noodles were stiff. Two bites and I gave it the good ol' push away. My girlfriend enjoyed her pizza and said it was tasty. She got a salad and four slice personal pizza for $9.  Our server insisted on having the manager come to our table in regards to my disgusting pasta. When he arrived, he was slouching and had a binder jammed under his arms. He said "what was wrong with your pasta, I need to know so that I know of something is wrong in the kitchen." He was tacky and made me feel even more uncomfortable than what I already was. The issue was resolved by taking it off the bill. Due to the poor quality food, awkward atmosphere and tacky manager, I won't be back or recommend this place to anyone.
4	What a pleasant surprise!!  Gorgonzola spinach cream pasta......a great salad and the little one had the alfredo-fettucini....yumo!Good service and a very convenient location!!!  God bless the entrepreneurs  that make dinner happen at 8 o'clock at night for guys like me.     Give Babbo a try....I hear their pizza's are excellent!
4	Some of the best pasta I have had yet. Fast and friendly service. Glad I wanted to try something new! The mac & cheese was INSANE!
4	Yum.  Have never had a bad meal and they have a wonderful wine selection with fun atmosphere.  Will keep trying to replicate their 3 cheese macaroni & cheese dish.
4	Someone told me about this place and their all you can eat spaghetti. They also mentioned that they have great meatballs...so I had to check it out myself. The first thing that bothered me was the noise level...it's like all the conversations going on in this place remained within the walls. However, the staff was very friendly and the service was good. I had the Artichoke, Shrimp & Crab Dip which was good, but I wish it had more chucks of crab. I obviously tried their spaghetti with meatballs which I thought was good, but not  the best I've had. The sauce was a bit to watery for me and the meatballs just didn't have that "wow" factor, but it was good (just not the best). I had also ordered a customize Calzone and that was without a doubt fabulous! The size and flavor were definitely in the "wow" factor. This helped to push the rating to a 4 star plus the service.
4	good pasta! I didn't have a bad experience there. The waiters were friendly, they had good bread and if you get there for happy hour then its a great price too!
4	Great food I like the all you can eat spagetti and meat balls on Monday.They have outdoor seating and umbrellas it nice to eat outdoors when the weather is nice which is most of the time here in AZ
2	Ok... maybe I was in a "mood' because I don't usually go out to eat mainstream Italian because I think mine is better. But we ordered the Firecracker rolls expecting spicy yummies. YUK! the overwhelming heat masked any of the other flavors. Then, because I wanted something spicy I order the Sausage & Penne pasta expecting little burst of spicy sausage every now and again. Instead, you guessed it, overwhelming heat. It didn't say "Fra Diavolo" so I think my expectations were in line. I really dislike restaurants that don't pay attention to the nuance of flavor. Maybe all the spaghetti and meatballs you can eat is what they're good at? My husband loved his chicken special so that's why I'm giving it two stars plus they didn't charge me for the rolls or pasta that I didn't eat.
4	Best creamy chicken pesto pasta I have had in a while.  Steak and pesto is also an option.  Great atmosphere and lighting.  Fast service and bread is to die for.  A nice Italian eatery in a Safeway shopping center.
5	We have visited both the location in Surprise and the location in Arrowhead on several occassions and have never been disappointed. As others have mentioned, the complimentary bread and dipping oil is wonderful. I could make a meal of that alone with a bottle of wine. ;-) Some of the things we have had....Bruschetta Romana = good, Firecracker Rolls = husband likes, not my favorite, Roasted Brussels Sprout Beet Salad = LOVE, Calzone = Husband loves, Kid's calzone = son orders every time, Italiano Sandwich and Buffalo Chicken Ceasar Sandwich = my adult daughters love. My personal favorite meal would be the bread followed by the Roasted Brussels Sprout Beet Salad and The Amalfi Thin & Crusty pizza served with a nice bottle of red wine. I have had some of their pasta dishes as well and they were all very good.I have never tried their spaghetti and meatballs. I make those at home and can't see paying someone else to make them for me. :)The Italian Sodas are a hit with the kids!
4	The Monday and Tuesday night spaghetti and meatball special is hard to beat!  It's delicious and reasonable.
4	We've been going here off and on for 10 years.  When the kids came we slowed down.  Bottom line cheaper than the chain place and way better.  Some of our favorites are the Steak 'n Bleu salad, Cheese Crosstini, mozzarella and pistachio, meatball sandwich, and most of the pasta dishes.  Figured this deal out for happy hour.  8" Margarhita pizza $5, Zucchini Chips $2, Mozzarella salad $5, and wine $5 ea.  So dinner for two that is fresh and delicious $22.  The only reason I'm not giving it a four is it is a bit loud when crowded, and the sun-they really need to figure something out besides what they are doing.   I don't know heavier blinds?
5	"I Love the food... The Bread.. Hellllloooooo...:O) Spring Mix Salad My Fav. I have to say Thank Goodness... SOOOO OVER OLIVE GARDEN!!!SO SICK OF THE CHAIN FOOD ! YUCK! But... I Do have to say, there IS some servers there I Do Not care for, and request others... But I will still go there when I want some Awesome Italian Food..."
4	The pastas are great, the pizza is fantastic, the sandwiches are wonderful and my wife says the salads are great if you eat that kinda thing!
5	I love this place.  I haven't had a bad dish yet.  My favorite is the Pasta Rustico (and the bread!).  Good food, decent service. I will definitely continue going here.
4	WOW - this place is really cool. Wouldn't expect from where it is located. The food is EXCELLENT. My wife had pasta, my one kid had Spaghetti, and me and my other kid split a Calzone. I tasted all of them -- and they were all good. The bread is what makes this place (I am a bread lover) - quality and service only adds to the great experience.
4	Let me explain why I'm giving it four stars.The bread! Oh MY stars! the free bread is amazing! it's super soft and flavorful and every time I go to an Italian restaurant I sorely miss Babbo's bread!And the gargonzola salad is to die for. Whenever I go, I eat a TON of bread and order this salad. The salads are always super fresh and this particular salad is amazing!Just for these two things, I give it 5 stars.Unfortunately, I've had other items on the menu that I don't care for so I stick to this specific order:)As for the service-- I've had good and bad but mostly great service! I also discovered that after a hard day at work, I can call in my special request and take it to go:)
4	A group of my friends went here to celebrate two birthdays, one of which was mine.  The service was very good.  The food was really good.  And to top off the amazing meal we had our choice of birthday desserts...seriously?  Very generous and delicious.
2	Last weekend we were in the Phoenix area visiting and on our first night there, the mother-in-law wanted Italian. Came across this restaurant located within a strip mall next to a Safeway. Waited about 30 minutes mind you the hostess quoted 5. Okay whatever. First off, I'd like to let servers here know that most patrons are NOT going to be ready to order drinks when they are just sitting down. As in I just placed my purse down and she was already hovering around asking us for our drink order. Really? And she looked really puzzled when we said we hadn't looked at their drink menu offerings yet like we were supposed to know their wine list already. Sorry, I am not from the area and have never been so I'd like to read what wines are available and not be rushed so sorry, you're gonna need to come back in a few. Pastas are so-so. I'm sure I could have whipped up something similar at home. I think I might even chosen Olive Garden's pasta dishes over theirs. I also didn't care for their Napoletana pizzas either. I am a huge fan of Naples style pies and we have some of the BEST ones here in San Francisco but theirs did not cut it as they lacked a certain crust that is a standard on all good Napoletana pizzas. The pizza we had that night tasted more like regular, Americanized, thin crusted pizzas. The zeppoles were quite tasty but they they doused our plate with way too much whipped cream.Towards the end, service was better and and our server was nice and prompt. I really wanted to enjoy this place but as far as our overall experience the 2 star "Meh. I've experienced better" rating rings true.
5	My husband and I love the crab and artichoke dip, but we make sure to substitute the focaccia bread - we could make a meal out of that. This is why we always have leftovers from our dinner portions! The creamy mushroom and asparagus pasta is delicious, too, and we sometimes add shrimp to it. The 3 cheese mac n cheese is pretty tasty  as well.
2	Have eaten here a couple of times because it is close by, but each time I was slightly less pleased than the time before.  Service is inconsistent and inefficient and the host (if that is what he was) was not welcoming.  Only a handful of tables occupied, so it was not busy.  I was served my wine in a glass that you could tell the dishwasher did not get the lipstick prints off from the previous user---that was a disappointment.  Server was nice enough, so I did not complain.  Pasta dish was too oily for me and the sun-dried tomatoes were all clumped in an oily glop in the center, and I wished I had ordered the salad for dinner like I had there a different time as it was much better.
4	Was here for dinner Monday and back again on Sunday!  I love the food and the choices.  Our waiter was friendly and patient with this group of 5 women and I loved my Pasta Puglio.  Monday I had roasted brussel sprouts and pancetta over pasta.  Both were excellent and I definitely didn't need a doggie bag.  Monday I had the white sangria, today the red.  Both were yummy.  Great specials and happy hours but don't go online to read about them because this Babbo doesn't always have them same as the others.  And kudos to the warm herb bread and dipping oil.
4	Nice place for fresh Italian. I like the variety of personal pizza. Most of the time I go and eat at the bar and order a glass of wine and the pizza. They bring you fresh hot bread with oil to dip. My favorite is the pear and gorgonzola cheese.
4	Lunch here is great!  Nice "patio" in front to eat in when the weather is beautiful!  The bread, to die for!  Nice lunch spot for pizza and a salad!
5	******This review was for my visit on Valentine's Day 2013*******I LOVE this place! I think I visit at least once a month. It's a family favorite for sure.Well, my anniversary actually falls on Valentine's Day so when it came to picking a place to have a romantic dinner, we actually wanted to come to Babbo's. So we both dressed up and without even a reservation, took a chance and drove to the restaurant. Surprisingly enough, it was only a 10 minute wait. We sat down and waited a very comfy couch and before I knew it, our name was called. They sat us by the wall where it was very intimate and romantic.We were immediately served free bread and water. The bread is just amazing. It's a little addicting so be careful not to stuff yourself before dinner. We decided on an appetizer of toasted ravioli. First time I tried it and I was so happy we ordered it!! I normally order just their spaghetti and meatball but I was feeling adventurous so my server recommended the pasta martini. I almost ordered it just for the name!! The bf ordered a chicken and bbq calzone and he was a happy camper for sure!While waiting for our food, a manager walked up to our table and explained that the pasta line was backed up and that he sincerely apologized for the wait and that he would give us an employee discount. I didn't even realize that 20 minutes went by. Our glasses were constantly refilled and the bread kept coming fresh from the oven. It was a pleasent surprise indeed.What topped it off was the main course itself. The pasta martini was just AMAZING!!! Wasn't too saucy or too light. It was just right! We skipped dessert that evening because we were SO full from bread! They were gracious enough to pack the other half of our dinner that wasn't consummed as well as some extra bread to take home with us! What a team! The service was just wonderful! Thank you Babbo's for making my night!!
5	We eat here at least once a week and order things for the entire office as well. Prices are very fair and the food is amazing. I've tried just about everything on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed. Defiantly our local favorite!
1	I really dislike this location! This was the second time I came here and the second time I hated it. The one on 16st is so much better! Anyway, we came here early in the day when it wasnt too busy so the service was good. The bread wasnt very good or fresh. I got my usual which is the fresh tomato mozzerella which is amazing at the other location. And my bf got the creamy asparagus or something like that and they came out immediately. Now, I like fast service but too fast service means the food is old. Anyway, everything was all well and then the aftermath was awful. I ended with a headache and stomachache, overall really sick. Do yourself a favor and go to a different location, this location has the worst rating out of the rest, so that should tell you something.
3	I love spaghetti and meatballs. I love bread and oil dip stuff. I love pasta in general. I cannot stand being charged over $10 for 2 meatballs, sauce and noodles. REALLYNo matter how good the price should be much less. I would have preferred the kids portion but the server balked at me for ordering it. So now I doubt I would be back. I had S.A.M.B the meat balls were good, not mushy not over firm not over spiced etc. The sauce was good nothing special. The noodles were noodles. The service was fine. Nothing great noting horrible. The kids ate their meals but neither of them were over excited to go back.
3	my wife and i ate here for the first time thursday afternoon 4/18/13...our server was marshall and he did an excellent job!! the place was fairly busy and all went smooth food was great...the only dissapontment was right behind us sat a couple of owners or managers and they were discussing business at a level that was hard to ignore..i really dont want to hear about comparisons of last years numbers and their projections for how slow summer will be and champagne vinegarettes etc.etc. etc.!!! thats what they make offices for...
4	Full disclosure-I am a bit of an Italian food snob. I went here as my gf was meeting some friends and she mentioned the $6 spaghetti and meatballs deal. I have to say that I was really impressed. The bread was fresh and warm. The meatballs had great texture and flavor and were clearly fresh. The service was fine. If their mission was to lure me in with the discounted dinner-mission accomplished. I can definitely see going back to try some of the other items. Namely a meatball parm sub.
2	The service and their food is usually fantastic. I normally get their spaghetti and meatballs on Mondays and Tuesdays, but this time I decided to try their pizza. The pizza itself was pretty good, but they put Spam (at least that is what it looked like and tasted like) on as a topping when I asked for Canadian Bacon. It was square cubes of ham. If you are a fan of Canadian Bacon, you will be disappointed. We did let the waitress know that we were given Ham or Spam instead of Canadian Bacon and she apologized, but did nothing about it.
5	You have to eat here, everything you try is amazing! Im sad that we moved away... but you can bet everytime we come to visit we are eating at Babbos!
2	Spaghetti... meat balls.  I stopped in here with a friend because we were both hungry and this place was convenient for us.  The service that I received was nice and I enjoyed my server very much.I was really sad that the place that advertises "Spaghetti ... meat balls" didn't nab at least 3 stars from me.  I suppose it is an uphill battle for any Italian restaurant because I don't eat pasta.  *gasp*  I know.  I just don't eat it.  I think pasta is a bunch of empty, tasteless calories.  Yikes.  So, when I go to Italian restaurants with friends, I always order any pasta dish w/o the pasta sub a veggie or lettuce.  I don't mind paying extra for what I want.  This is the first establishment that I've been told that wasn't an option.  I just don't see why not if you're making the ingredients to order to put OVER plain pasta or tossed with plain pasta.  Why can't I have it "OVER"/"with" anything I choose if I'm willing to pay?  I would have loved to have ordered the roasted asparagus with the Bolognese, I'd imagine if the Bolognese is half way decent, it would have been awesome with that bread.  IDK.  But, that's the way they choose to run their business and I was fine with that.  The server was kind enough to point me to some other options on the menu that did not have pasta in them. Great, I can work with that.  I went for the Asparagus Fra Diavolo with roasted chicken and the Mista Salad.  The Mista Salad was delicious.  I believe I had it with their house dressing.  YUMMY house dressing.  I also dipped their bread in the salad dressing.    Oh wait.  How could I forget the bread.  Wowzer!  Their bread that they serve prior to the meal is simply divine.  Warm, moist, soft and tasty.  Very good.  So, back to the Asparagus Fra Diavolo with roasted chicken.  I just simply didn't enjoy it.  It didn't taste good to me.  :-(  My friend ordered the Jambalaya and that tasted pretty good to him.  I have heard the east VAlley location was good, so maybe I can give that a try some day.Sadly, this was likely my first time and my last time here.  I didn't get to find out if Spaghetti enjoyed "meat'ing" Balls or not... So sad.BTW, they have a very nice patio dining space.
3	This place is hit or miss for us.  First time there was great.  Second time there absolutely sucked.  Third time there was OK.  The food is very good -actually excellent.  The problem is either shitty service, the wrong food comes out (we ordered a salad on the menu that has chicken in it...and they forgot to add the chicken???)or it's kids running amuck without anyone parent or manager taking control.  3rd time the food was great, but we got in late (9:00pm).  The restaurant was empty but the food took forever to come to us.    I would give it 4-5 stars for food, but 2-3 for crappy service, chefs and leadership.
3	Great food but very disorganized wait staff in the front of house.....also manager doesn't know how to operate the register.....check your bill
5	This is definitely one of my favorite places to go when I want to grab a meal with a old time friend of even with family members. The staff is very attentive and the food is great! My favorite - the creamy garlic chicken pasta. And to top of the meal (even if I am beyond stuffed!) - zeppoli. It's definitely a dessert you gotta share because it's more than enough. Mmmm...
3	Seriously need new wait staff and front of house management.    Long wait times, disorganized, managers loitering around not helping to clear guests.  The order taker even said ...oh. I am sorry sir...the closest thing we have to lasagne is the spaghetti with meat sauce???  What?   Where do they train these people.   Very sad.....the place has good food but. Needs to retrain or get rid of the current staff.. ...
3	Love this restaurant and the food is AMAZING!! my favorite is the three cheese mac n cheese.. BUT whenever I go on a Sunday and sometimes Saturday they tell me they don't have cookie dough for the giant cookies, and my food takes an extremely long time to come out and when I asked the server said "well we ran out of the cheese sauce so we had to run to Safeway to buy some". Little odd.
4	Decided to have my small birthday party here with a Scottsdale couple and 2 east valley couples. Made reservations and arrived 5 minutes early. Because of the recent remodel we were seated in a large booth that fit 8 people just fine. The sister and brother in law were my biggest concern he is a food snob but not in a good way. He wanted Pennie pasta and meat sauce. The Scottsdale couple got the drunken shrimp and the chipotle chicken pasta. The other couple wanted ziti which was not on the menu. Our server suggested a dish for the ziti lovers and special ordered for food snob. I had the roasted beets and Brussels sprouts salad and my wife got the artichoke and olive pasta dish. There was a pizza and a lot of their bread in the mix as well. No one had a compliant we were all very happy with our meal and even the food snob said he would come back and get the same thing again. That alone earned the 4 stars. Be sure to call ahead and get a reservation or just have your name on the list to get seated cause they are getting busy..
5	Let me just start off by saying Babbo changed my life. Well maybe not to that extent but it did change how I see Italian restaurants and it will be hard for any to compare (unless of course they are in Italy). We went here for my bro-in-law's birthday dinner. They gave us our drinks right away. The next thing I knew they brought out this AMAZING pull apart warm flat bread that you dip in olive oil. It was to die for and we kept getting more.  My dad got the spaghetti and meatballs, I got the chicken fetticine, sis and mom got the spicy mac n cheese, and the birthday boy got a buffalo chick flatbread. All of it was amazing. I had a piece of meatball though and it was so yummy I am def. getting that next time. All meals were very reasonably priced and our server was great! I plan on going back super soon!
5	Came here as a fluke looking for a new italian place. WOW I  sure glad we did. Wonderful service and even better food. One had garlic chicken pasta and the other a sicilian pizza... WONDERFUL!!! We will be back, perhaps tomarrow!!
4	Recently remodeled, same menu.  Same good food with even better atmosphere, decor, lighting and more space in the restaurant.
4	Babbo's is a great little neighborhood Italian restaurant. I like it because it is casual and the food is consistently good. I'm a big fan of their salads: chopped, brussels sprouts, buffalo chicken...they are all amazing! Their pasta dishes are really good too. They also have great bread with rosemary and onion that they serve with all the take out orders and fresh with balsamic and olive oil for dine in customers. Everything is tasty and worth a trip!
5	Monday & Tuesday Special. $5.99 Spaghetti & Meatballs. Great Value. Very filling & the bread & unique olive oil dipping sauce is what's commonly referred to as " the Bomb ! "
5	Babbo is my absolute favorite neighborhood place to eat! The drunken shrimp, Buffalo chicken Caesar, regular Caesar, pasta martini, and bread is amazing! Servers are all very nice and efficient! Katlyn and Marshall are my favorite servers:)
3	I had rated this four stars last time.  Although I enjoyed the dinner (Pasta Puglio is my favorite) the service was very inconsistent.  We went from sitting at the bar while we waited and having an outstanding bartender (thanks Will) to a young waiter who said all the right things, went through the motions, but didn't listen to anything we said or asked for.  From bringing the main dish way before we even finished our salad to not splitting the bill, Ryan was in need of some additional training.  Again, the food is consistently good.  And I expect a wait on Spaghetti & Meatball night, but I also expect consistent service.  Sorry.  Maybe next time.
5	Babbo's has been our favorite place for lunch or dinner for the past 2-3 years.  I eat a very strict diet -- no gluten or grains, no vegetable oils, no sugar -- which eliminates 95% of all restaurants for me, within our budget. We've been able to find delicious salads at Babbo's, and come back here as often as we can. We would eat here more often, but we struggle to close our business before 9:00pm, so we can't eat out on weekday nights. We bring guests and friends here, and recommend, for example, the chopped gorgonzola salad (sub flank steak for chicken for $1-2 extra). After 3 years eating at every restaurant here in our local Arrowhead area, Babbo's remains our favorite and our first recommendation.
4	This place is so good! Their service was very prompt, even with the wait. I would give 5 stars if it were not for the very uncomfortable wait. There is no where to go. Very small "lobby" for lack of a better term.The Mac n cheese was awesome with sausage and bacon. Amazing. My other half had the spaghetti and she really enjoyed it as well.
4	I'm baffled when I drive by Olive Garden and see tons of people waiting outside.  It's just pasta... overpriced pasta (I mean, how much can you charge for spaghetti) and it's not great food.    We really enjoy Babbo.  I like supporting local and family owned business PLUS they aren't just a spaghetti and meatballs kind of place.  They have many unique dishes.  I can make spaghetti at home - If I'm going out, I want the Asparagus and Mushroom Pasta and the Chipotle Pasta, etc.  Their roasted beet and brussel sprout salad is superb.  Good food.  Good prices.  Nice atmosphere.  Check it out if you haven't.
3	It's hard to get pasta wrong. Its also hard to stick out. Babbo does neither. A distinctly average yet affordable dining option located north of the 101 loop. They have lunch specials and decent pizza and wine.
5	I'm really surprised with the low ratings, I loved this place! We got there around 5:15 in the evening & were seated right away, service was lacking but the food made up for it. My husband & I both ordered the $5.99 spaghetti & meatballs special. It was sooooo good. I'm not usually very impressed by such a simple dish but man, those meatballs are amazing. They also had some really good happy hour deals until 6pm that I want to try & come back for.
3	Honestly, I can't quite make up my mind about this place. The food is consistently good -- especially enjoy the salads -- but the service dips back and forth between being excellent and horrible. One time, we were on the patio for more than 15 minutes (yes, we timed it) without being approached, and there WERE a couple of waiters working the area, so we simply stood being ignored for a certain amount of time and left. Recently, when my husband and I were sitting at the bar, a staff member (think it was management) was on her cell phone having what was obviously a personal conversation. Then there have been times when the service was absolutely great, and our servers were extremely personable and efficient without being sycophantic. As former service industry employees, my husband and I place a high premium on good service. That being said, if you want excellent food and don't much care whether you get good or bad service, give this place a try. Hope this was helpful!
4	Babbo is a great date place, or lunch or dinner with a friend.  The garlic butter (which you have to ask for) is amaze.  They have a patio outside as well.  I highly recommend.  Every single thing I've tried has been good.
4	I had a chance to eat at Babbo with a couple of old friends from high school last night and it was very enjoyable!  We met up at 5:30; the place was packed but my savvy friends were waiting at the bar.with wine glasses in hand and names on the list .  We were seated promptly and commenced to catching up. While looking st the menu.Contrary to what previous helpers have said, service was attentive and pacing was good.  Friend 1 had penne with vodka sauce, friend 2 had pasta with a lovely cream sauce, and I had spaghetti and meatballs   All dishes were pronounced tasty and portions were large enough to take home leftovers .I rarely eat pasta but I can happily recommend Babbo for pricing,  service, and palate-pleasing.  Everything was yummy and our party spent less than 25 dollars each including wine and tip.Babbo is a place worth trying!
4	Great place for the prices. Love their "Bowl of Bolognese".  When you are seated they bring out olive oil with balsamic vinegar on a plate with some small slices of bread that appears to be made of the same dough they use for the pizza crust. We split a Mista salad which is perfect for the 2 of us. The place is both attractive and plain at the same time. Nice decorating accents make the place look inviting right when you get in the door. Other parts of the dining room are rather plain however with plain tables and chairs. The place always looks clean however. I'd definitely return and recommend to others.
4	Really good food.  The Chipotle Chicken Pasta is amazing.  Portion sizes are more than enough for one person and the bread before your meal is top notch.  Few thingss are a little odd like platic tumblers for drinks and times when service is a bit subpar.  Overall, I like Babbo for the food and recommend it regularly.
3	If you're looking for authentic Italian, this isn't the place. The food is pricey and not special. Although it's tasty it's far more Americanized. The place itself is beautiful, and small, but practical. It has a lot of seating inside as well as outside. Come casual during lunch or dress up for dinner, you can definitely do both here - it's a cute and classy place. I personally think it's great for everything, family, friends, and dates. :)
3	Food was fairly good and priced fair considering the portion size.  Except for the drinks though.  Thought it was ridiculous that ice tea cost $3+.   Service could be better.  We waited a little more than 10 minutes before the waitress came by to take our drink orders.  Typically,  this would annoy the heck out of me and I would have complained but the weather was too nice outside that I didn't mind just chilling out.  Food came out fast and hot.  I ordered the chicken Chipotle pasta and my sister ordered the pasta dish with Gorgonzola creme sauce.  I would come back and try this place again.  I'll probably end up sitting inside versus the patio.  Maybe the service will be better.
2	I have ordered the mushroom asparagus penne meal at this location twice.  Each time the asparagus has been undercooked.   I don't live close and I think I will go to the Cave Creek and Tatum location from now on.  The manager Kim doesn't seem to appreciate her customers.
3	I still go to Babbo on a regular basis for the FOOD only.   This is the only reason I go.   The service is consistently awful.   I've only had one good server here (Lori) in all the years I have been coming here.  They are slow, and I mean slow.   A couple of months ago went for lunch with my husband and parents.   We waited 50 minutes just for beer and salads.   The lunch took over two hours.   Today I went again with my husband and it took us 35 minutes for a salad and water/tea.   They always use the same excuse.   "She's backed up on the salads."   Another excuse we have heard "we had a big party today."    The main manager knows we are regulars but never says "hi."  It's a good thing the food is good.   Just don't go if you are in a hurry.
2	Bring a book to read while you wait for your food to come. A pillow might come in handy also.
5	I have been coming here for several years now and they are simply the best little Italian place. The Devore is always changing and stunning. They have impeccable service and I love their food! This is my husband and I's "place" if you know what I mean. Try them out and if your not a fan of what you order try something else. They have food for many different tastes and I highly recommend trying lots of different stuff. Oh and join their loyalty text group for coupons and special deals!
5	If there was a 6th star this place would get it. It's amazing how the entire staff is fairly young (early 20's to early 30's?) yet they are probably the most professional and classy staff I've experienced, anywhere, ever... They are ALWAYS on top of things, very friendly, very efficient and from the taste of the food it's no different in the kitchen. I just can't say enough good things about their service. The food itself is absolutely delicious and they have a pasta special, $5.99 for Spaghetti and Meatballs on Monday and Tuesday nights. It's a generous portion, very filling and very gourmet tasting.The atmosphere is top notch and even when they're very busy it never takes too horribly long to get seated.Other Phoenix Businesses should go spend a day at Babbo's to learn how to be successful.
5	Great local restaurant that you can have a casual dinner or celebrate a special occasion. It is great they also hire local kids to work there. We are lucky to have such a nice neighborhood restaurant.
1	Ate at this location twice first time was just ok...and my second time I got food poising
5	We love Babbo! Everything from the complimentary bread, vinegar, and oil, to the spicy macaroni and half baked cookie desserts. Great for take out too! The atmosphere inside is enjoyable and they have delicious cocktails.
1	Went early tonight, Wed., to beat the crowd but we beat the main cook. Salad was wilted, main course lacked flavor other than the taste of the scorched vegetables. Our previous visit was just ok but this was our last visit.
4	It's a cute lil place with great food! And not too pricy! If you go on a weekend night it gets pretty packed but what good place doesn't?! The service is good too! No complaints here!
5	I love Babbo's. The first time we ate here was about 10 years ago when we first moved here and it was so-so. Well, thankfully we gave it another try a few weeks ago and it has become our 'go-to' for Italian food.I was craving meatballs in sauce and didn't have time to make it. (I'm Italian and always make my Italian food from scratch.) So we ordered spaghetti and meatballs to go on our way home. In my mind there are 2 dishes you should rate an Italian restaurant on -- meatballs and sauce. If those 2 are good, they can probably handle everything else. And Babbo knows both!Since then we've ordered 'to go' and had eat in. Their salads are delicious, especially the roasted brussel sprout, beet salad. I'm addicted to it. I also love their free focaccia, although it could use more toasting. There is also a wide array of pastas and a happy hour that I'm looking forward to trying. If you haven't gone to Babbo in a while, please give it another try!
4	Good pricing. Good service. Good food. This is a great little neighborhood restaurant and we will definitely be back. The spicy Alfredo with sausage pasta was VERY good. Just the right amount of spice.
5	I've been eating here regularly for a couple years now. The food is amazing and the staff is even better. I've only had one negative experience ever and not only did they take care of it, but they personally apologized and offered to go above and beyond for the next visit. Couldn't be happier to have this neighborhood gem. Oh, and the new hummus pizza is WONDERFUL.
5	EXCELLENT!!!! It was my first visit and loved everything about it. The atmosphere the food and the service. The food was very delicious. And the prices are great.
5	Babbo plates consistently good dishes at a reasonable price. For my wife and me the service has been quick and attentive. Luncheon specials and coupons make for a great deal too. Keep in mind this is a neighborhood joint in a strip mall, not a 5 star restaurant. That being said, I would absolutely recommend Babbo to anyone and will definitely return myself.
2	This was my first time eating at Babbo's. I wasn't expecting it to be back in a shopping center. I guess I pictured it to be more like Carrabba's. The place was packed and very noisy! We waited about 15 minutes before being seated and then waited several more minutes before anyone came to take our drink order. Several minutes passed and someone else came to take our drink order. Hmmm... confusion. Even more time passed and I started to think about leaving to go somewhere else when our waters and bread finally came. I ordered the spaghetti & meatballs. The restaurant was so loud, it was like a roar. I couldn't hardly think in there. We were sitting next to a large party of women too so it was even worse. The service picked up in the second half. Our waiter let us know the food would be out soon and apologized for the wait. We got our food at the same time as a table that was seated long after us. The spaghetti was good, but it had a lot of sauce! I like sauce, but it was swimming. The meatballs were tasty, but nothing I can't get anywhere else. When the check came, I was surprised to see my meal was only $5.99! How can I complain about that? I guess they do a special on Mondays. Nevertheless, I don't think I'll be making the drive to come back here.
4	Babbo's is a nice Italian restaurant to visit with friends. Despite its upscale ambiance, the prices here are very much affordable, especially if you sit in the bar area during happy hour. I ordered the pasta rustico. It was scrumptious and I got a bit of a food coma afterward - that's what happens when you carb load, but it was well worth it!The pasta dishes are probably good for 2 meals, so the $11 price tag is really not too steep for a casual lunch out. I brought my leftovers home. The bread and olive oil they serve with it is also delicious!
4	This place is delish!! Me and my hubby went there a little while ago for dinner we had received a gift card to go, I had been before but that would have been 6 years or so ago and the food than was so so. We went this time and it was great!! I got the manicotti with mushrooms and it was mouthwatering and I had some to take home. The bill wasn't bad either! About 35 for 2 dishes and 2 drinks. We will make sure to come back here soon!
4	Awesome bread and meatball sandwich.  Tiramisu is more like bread pudding, weird consistency.  Excellent service.
5	I'll never eat at an Olive Garden again! If I was on death row, I would request the Chicken Limone for my last meal. I've never had chicken so tender and well seasoned and a pasta so delightful on one plate. The Chicken Limone has capers, artichokes, lemon. All delicious. I was full about 2/3 through the meal and felt full but I finished because the flavors made me lose control. I blacked out and when I woke up I had licked the plate clean and assaulted a waiter trying to get more.
3	Went here with my mom. The Italian sodas are amazing here. My mom got a fettuccine pasta with veggies she loved it. I got plain spaghetti and sent it back. We usually have a good experience here however the last few times was less than stellar.
5	Great prices and super filling!
