4	As long as you go first thing when they open then you are fine cUse you will beat all the crazy foodstamp people to the shelves and the sales
4	Used to be a bit of a dive when I used to shop here for cheap groceries several  years ago, where the isles were messed up half the time and meat was sometimes expired. I've moved back to Vegas, returned here, found it much nicer than before-about as clean as Albertson's up the street without being almost twice as expensive.The only complaint I still have is the lines waiting for only a few open cashiers... But I'm managing fine with it.
3	It's not a bad location or store. But I will be honest, I only ever frequented it because I lived very close.The one thing I loved about this location was they are always pretty good about opening up other lanes when lines were backed up. The managers are always helpful and will get on a register no problem.I love that Food 4 Less carries Kroger products. I love that they carry It's It Ice Cream. If you come early in the morning you are guaranteed to beat the crowds.
2	This is just a depressing, lower scale version of Smith's with surly checkout staff, locked liquor cabinets, and a big burly security guard at the door. And while they do carry some Smith's items, they also carry a lot of Smith's higher prices. So unless you are really good at comparison shopping and picking out the limited bargains, Food-4-Less will leave you with less food and even less money in your bank. Think of it as corporate pickpocketing masquerading behind that "low price leader" slogan.
2	We went there 15 minutes before the store closed and they already stopped letting people in. When I asked for the manager who name was Bob he just said Happy Thanksgiving. Poor leader. Even the employees were shaking their heads at him.
1	Ghetto ghetto ghetto!!! I bout food stamps from someone selling them here though! That's the only good part..
1	Everytime I come here, I leave upset because they never have everything I need. Boooooo. Very happy that I'm moving soon, and my closest grocery store will be WinCo. Food4Less has really nice staff, but it's always hard to find them for help... Not sure if they're short staffed or something, but I am usually wandering around the store till I give up, feeling defeated. Today, they were completely out of strawberries. Really?!
