3	Not glamorous or sexy, just tasty and affordable cheesesteaks and meatball sandwiches. They have a breakfast special too but that ends at 11:00 a.m. and when I'm in Las Vegas I rarely get moving before noon.
3	I was waiting for the rest of my family to arrive at the Riviera and decided to get a small meal to tie me over. Since I'm a huge fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, I decided to grab one. The cheesesteak was pretty decent. It had good bread, nice pepper and onion flavor, and the meat was on par. The entire meal plus a coke was under $9, which I think is comparable to other fast food places. Since I'm in Las Vegas, I will not be eating here again. There are just too many other places to check out before I leave. However, if you're in the mood for a quick cheesesteak, then swing by and pick one up.
1	Everything about this place SUCKS.I bought my Dad a meatball sandwich here and when we brought it back to the table, both the sauce and the meatballs were still cold.The two Asian guys working behind the counter were also extremely rude and acted like they were thugs or something. I think they need to realize they're working at the Riviera Food Court, not living in 8-Mile.
5	Great quality steaks made fresh like the fact they put cheese wiz as well as provolone in the supreme Philly would go back
1	This place sucks!!! 6 people from my son's team got sick after eating here. All the manager could say was "OK". They need to have the health department check them out and the Riviera should screen who they allow to sell in their food court.
3	Chicken Philly was good, not great, but good in a pinch. Could have used some alcohol in me to help out. The menu did not say that the sandwich would be slathered with cheese wiz either, but it was on there pretty good. There may have even been white cheese as well. The chicken was good quality white meat with onions and peppers and a fresh roll. Asian couple behind counter looked depressed, but making cheesesteaks for drunks probably isn't the most fun you could have in life.
1	If you find yourself in Las Vegas where, for some inexplicable reason, every other restaurant in town has been closed down & the only place to eat in town is this place....leave & go to Reno!  Starving while headed there has GOT to be better than subjecting yourself to the "food" that they put out. I like to be proud of the job I do, but doubt those who work here feel the same based upon the 1 sandwich I had here (& the 2 days I paid for eating it).
2	Sad excuse for a cheesesteak. They used only a drop of cheese.  The meat was also dry.  It was supposed to have mushrooms.  I saw two in the entire sandwich.  While the sandwich was dry the bread was dripping in grease. The people who worked there were nice though!
4	Very good place to get a cheesesteak fulfilled. And it's not expensive. Very happy with this selection.
