5	As an absent owner of a rental property it's difficult to find a reliable maintenance company to care for your yard.  Unknowing my yard was getting worse and worse, or perhaps it was laziness before I decided to look for a new service provider.  When I found Green ServPro, my yard was in pretty bad shape -Dry patches, weeds and generally bad condition considering it had been receiving "professional service" for years.  It took several months, soil treatments and who knows what but Larry and Team have my yard back to looking green and healthy.The back office is also a delight to work with.  Professional and regular invoicing with autopay or pay via link options, email updates regarding seasonal changes and reminders, personal emails regarding your specific property needs, etc etc.    The transformation of the yard and my mental state sense switching to Green ServePro has been remarkable.  I can't recommend their services enough.  Whether you live locally, have investment properties or even require on-call seasonal needs; this is your team!
1	Had them come out and look at my place for bi-weekly maintenance. Told them we like the plants and bushes to grow natural - just trim the stragglers, cut the grass, clean up. First visit - looked like a 4 year old got hold of a weed whacker and attacked our bushes. Called in their management, asked him to review pictures his guy took, and he defended their work!!Second visit - after telling the owner just cut the grass and clean up debris - guess what - the four year old was backResolution - fired them.Worse yet, their price was 50% hiring than the last guy.
4	I was moving out of a rental property and needed to have the rainforest that had grown in the backyard cleared out.  I worked with Natalie who was WONDERFUL and very communicative throughout the process.  She made sure that I had all of the answers to my questions and helped me get the date best for me and their crew scheduled.  The guys came on the day and time promised and did a good job.  Not much on the expectation scale to be honest; just wanted everything cleared out so I could get my deposit back.  They went above and beyond and also pruned the tree and shrubs which I hadn't asked them to do.  Given all of the other local companies I reached out to who either didn't bother to even answer me or gave me some totally outrageous quote given what I needed done, Green ServPro was a welcome change.
1	Twice I scheduled yard service with this company.  Both times, I received no communication on when the service would take place.  Each time I called to ask when.  I was given incorrect information and as a result took 3 days of work off waiting for them to show up at my house.  The first time, I went out of my way to reschedule and get the work done.  On the second appointment, I just cancelled by email after they no-showed.  They provided no apology, no rescheduling, nothing.  They did provide a BS excuse about rescheduling to accommodate my busy schedule.On the positive side, they are so incompetent that they didn't invoice me for 6 months after the first service.  I got to pay really late and keep my money in the bank.
