3	I warn you: Wednesday is Country Night. If you don't like Country, make sure a friend doesn't drag you here Wednesday. Don't say I didn't warn you.Good sized bar menu, I didn't mind the place.
1	This place BLOWS. If I could give is zero stars, I would. I came here with friends, and ordered a basic mixed drink which tasted lousy. I asked the waitress if the bartender could fix it. She told me she'd take it over to him so could taste it first. Um, taste it?? WTH? I told her to keep it, and we ended up leaving after the bartender also decided to turn up the music loud enough to nearly blow out the windows. And there were only like 8 people in the bar.So if you want to drink, go to the state store and take your purchase home. Cozy up on your couch, play a little music... stare at your toes, channel surf... all that random stuff is guaranteed to provide for a better time.
2	Peter's Pub is a decent college bar, but without the "charm" of nearby Hemingways. Drink prices are low, but not the lowest in town, and the same generally annoying college crowd is there.  It's actually a nice place to be during the day, but at night it transforms into a not-particularly likeable crowded smokefest where you'll wait forever for a drink.The drinks here are good, but the prices could be better.  You'll find pretty standard college fare.  The food is decent as well, it's pretty standard bar food.  Upstairs there is an area where live bands sometimes play or it can be rented out, with its own bar.  My experience is you'll get much better service up there.BOTTOM LINE:  There are better places.  It's a pretty standard college bar, without all the charm.  Expect crowds, with loud loud music and lots of smoke.
3	This bar mostly has pitt students. You won't find a lot of CMU people in here except if they have the upstairs section rented out. The upstairs section is pretty big and has a decent bar. It does take a bit to get a drink at the bar and is usually really crowded on a friday or saturday. They also do have the NFL package here and Eagle fans usually go here to watch football.
2	University of Pittsburgh Greeks, you've found your frat house! Peter's Pub located at 116 Oakland Avenue has been a long time favorite of Panther frats and sororities. Like many bars in Oakland the downstairs drinking area is a bit cramped, but unlike many of the other Oakland bars Peter's Pub has a spacious upstairs area with another bar and a stage for live music.The beer selection here isn't all that great, most patrons usually have a miller or bud lite bottle in hand. I, being a fan of higher quality draft beer was disappointed to see not too much of a draft selection. I was even more irked at the prices; Peter's Pub is one of the more expensive bars in Oakland.Peter's has a number of gimmick nights to draw in customers. Country night seems to be a favorite, but since I'm not much of a country fan it didn't really thrill me. Anyways, what the music industry seems to market as country these days sounds a lot more of pop rock with a banjo. Though the live entertainment on certain nights includes many local live bands, Peter's Pub usually charges a cover. The cover is all that expensive, but it's just the fact that other bars in Oakland tend to not ask for a cover charge which annoys me. In many ways it seems like Peter's Pub has seemed to confuse itself with a type of bar that is usually found in the South Side. I have no problem with South Side bars, many of them are great places, but it's more of the fact that Peter's Pub just doesn't fit into the neighborhood of Oakland. Instead of being a refreshing change of pace, it seems to merely be a classic college bar posing as something hipper.
3	Turn 21 hereAnd get your viking horns, kid!Then never come back.
2	Everyone loves Peter's! No, really. I don't get it either.Service is good enough during off-hours. The waitresses are friendly and the bar service is prompt. It's a little dingy, but what do you expect from an Oakland bar?The drink selection itself is laughable. Nothing creative and no killer, money-saving specials here. The draft beers are limited to macros with the occasional high-end import or domestic.I'd give Peter's a higher rating if they closed during the peak hours. It's just awful then. Everyone goes to Peter's in Oakland, so expect significant crowds on Friday/Saturday nights. Don't wear nice clothes unless you want them to be covered in a mix of your sweat, other people's sweat, and drinks that'll inevitably spill on you. Also, be prepared to stand at the bar for upwards of 20 minutes to get a drink. It's that crowded.The bouncers don't really do their job. Some dude was passed out in a chair for a half hour. I think that's grounds for being booted, but who am I to judge?Peter's has an equally crowded bar upstairs too, with a stage area that doubles as a sizeable dance floor. Cover is free unless there's a band playing, but you probably don't want to see a shitty band at a shitty bar anyway.Oh, and the best part is that every night a different fraternity and sorority storm the bar at around 12, doubling the crowding and wait time!Seriously, don't go here unless you have to. There are better, cheaper bars in Oakland.
4	The prices are decent; the drink selection is good; and the burgers are surprisingly good (one of the only places in Oakland that can consistently get "medium rare" right).
3	I have mixed feelings about Peter's Pub. We went tonight with a group of people, and had a range of experiences. Our waitress was friendly and helpful. She brought us water for the half hour prior to happy hour. The happy hour beer specials are really the big pro for Peter's. It's $2.50 for any beer on tap, and the tap list is pretty good for a local Oakland bar. They always have Magic Hat #9, they seem to have a good seasonal Leinenkugel when I'm there, and today they had the Great Lakes Christmas (a personal favorite for the season). The downsides are the food and location. Like all things Oakland, it's packed when school is in session and busy during rush hour (but great over the holidays and summer). Oakland parking is even more of a pain lately, as all street parking is either meter or 1 hour max. My provolone sticks weren't anything special, but they did hit the spot. The turkey burger was a plain patty with a slice of tomato and piece of lettuce. Very far from something special. If you're looking for somewhere casual to grab a beer for happy hour, I recommend it. But if you're hungry for something special, head somewhere else.
2	Bros.
3	Total college bar - it was nostalgic just walking in and I didn't even go here when I was in college!  The drinks were cheap and the crowd is a bit young but that's what should be expected going to a bar in the middle of Oakland.  Tried the kitchen sink wings - wish they were a bit spicier but they weren't bad.  If you're in the area check it out, but I wouldn't recommend making a special trip.
2	Blah!College bar full of rowdy yung'uns. Sometimes after work, the evening crew would come here for a drink or two but after too many twenty first birthday barfs, we've moved on.                                    P.s. Service is horrible.I hear they have good food, but I never got the opportunity to enjoy.
1	I would give this no stars if I could. I'm from out of town and I stopped here for lunch because I had a meeting close by later. Since I was by myself I sat at the bar. The bartender was an ass. His buddies were at the bar and he poured their beer and poured one for himself also. It's 12noon and your working and drinking while on the clock. Why the hell are you knocking back beers and not serving guest who are coming in for lunch. I had to ask for my water 3 times and ask for cocktail sauce 2x. Also, while sitting at the bar you have a good view if the kitchen. I saw the cook stick his nose in the ziplock back to smell the chicken. He kept sniffing it. Clearly, the chicken was not fresh if you have to really 2nd and 3rd guess it. He put the chicken on the salads. Hope those people didn't get sick. Plus he didn't even have gloves on when he stuck his hand in the bag of chicken. Oh course I noticed this after I ate my (frozen) fried shrimp platter. Just plain nasty this place is. I'd rather stave next time then come to this place again.
3	What to say about Peter's Pub... without potentially offending Lauren C:)I'd classify this as a dive bar in Oakland.  Whenever I'm at a bar in Oakland I worry I'll be thee oldest person there.  Thankfully, this doesn't happen at Peters.  Lost of different age brackets are hitting up this bar.  Is it for the free popcorn?  Who knows!All I know are that the drinks are cheap and the DJ is admittedly pretty awesome!  I've never eaten here before, but I can bet they have bar food.  I know, far stretched, right?I've seen a lot of 21st birthday's stroll through here (of course) and you get to wear a fun viking hat.  I'd hit this up just for that...and potentially lie about my age just for a hat...
3	cool place to watch sports during the day, gets a little douchey at night.
3	College bar with MLB package, they put the Nationals game on for us since it was summer and they were pretty empty. Okay beer selection but was perfect being able to see the game.
4	People complain about this being a college bar, but my response is usually, "It's a bar in the heart of Oakland.  It's within walking distance to three major Pittsburgh universities, what did you expect??  Duh."  If you don't want to be bothered by college students drinking, why would you even consider going to Oakland for libations?  Anywoooo...I go to Peter's for three reasons.  1) Their burgers are pretty damn good and only $5 on Thursday nights 2) Leinenkugel's Berryweiss on tap for something like $3.00 (even cheaper drafts for happy hour) and 3) I can drink as much Berryweiss as I want when I'm with my Partner In Cuisine and not have to drive back to the apartment.  That combination alone earns Peter's a solid 4 stars from me.
4	Peter's is a pretty unassuming bar in the heart of Oakland.  How exactly did I find myself here?  It just so happens to be the home of the Pittsburgh Browns Backers.  Last Thursday, I found my way to the second floor where I was greeted by a group of Cleveland transplants such as myself.  We had a fantastic time watching our team play.  And while the Browns lost, as expected, I had a great time.  The service at the bar was excellent: friendly and prompt.  The nachos were both cheap and quite stellar.  Guacamole would have been nice, but nevertheless, the cheese was quite sharp and packed a nice little zing.  Furthermore, the price cannot be beat.  Is this a place to have a romantic dinner with your SO?  Of course not.  But if you're looking for a good, perhaps sloppy time, then sure.  Enjoy.
3	I know this place on two different levels:Food -- Honestly, only been here for wing nights (Mondays 9pm-11pm I think). Quality varies but they are typically satisfactory. Get the "Kitchen Sink" sauce... yum. Service is usually SLOW but you can't really complain with a $7 bucket of beers and free popcorn to entertain your wait times.Bar -- College crowd.... the frat house for 21+s. Upstairs dance floor can get very crowded and will spontaneously cost a cover fee to proceed beyond the staircase. Cheap drinks, cheap drunks, and loud music. Live bands on some nights if you're into that.
3	I had previously given Peter's 4 stars, saying: "The prices are decent; the drink selection is good; and the burgers are surprisingly good (one of the only places in Oakland that can consistently get "medium rare" right)."Now I'm dinging them a star for forgetting how to cook a burger to temperature (last 4 burgers I ordered were all overcooked).  Sorry, Peter's.  I'll bring the star back when you bring back my pink/red center.
1	If I could put negative stars I would. I went to Peter's Pub for lunch  only to be rudely addressed by the OWNER when I told the waitress I did not like the buffalo CHICKEN dip that I ordered. He came to my table using a confrontational tone and asked  "who asked for the buffalo CHICKEN dip and what was wrong with it"? I told him that it taste like pure hot sauce with a little cheese sprinkled on it and that it didnt seemed to have any chicken in it. He seemed very irritated as he walked away loudy and rudely saying under his breath "its dip and dip dont have meat in it". Since when dip buffalo CHICKEN dip come without CHICKEN? This was my second and last time ever going to PETER'S PUB .  The OWNER was arrogant and rude.  What ever happened to customer service? This is no way to treat customers.When you treat people like that you limit yourself and your business...I could have given him my recipe and believe me it would be alot more popular than the one I ordered . Im sure no one ever ordered that mess twice.
4	Came here on a Thirsty Thursday, and boy was this place hopping.  The upstairs was packed with people dancing and going crazy.  I would say that out of all the bars I went to that night, Peter's had the best atmosphere for hanging out and dancing your night away..
5	I went to this bar for the first time. Our waitress was great. Her name was ALEXANDRIA she was so friendly, professional and hard-working! She really took care of her customers well and cleaned the place up well also! We got the cardiac hill fries which had cheese and bacon on them, they were to die for, I really recommend them! We also had the buffalo chicken dip which was pretty spicy! It was good. Just ALOT and pretty heavy, definitely not for one or two people but mayb for 4 people it would be good. the buffalo chicken wrap was also spicy and i thought better than the dip. the drinks were cheap- i mean it is a college town. it was pretty empty there but the college kids were fun. they had great food and good environment I would recommend this place!
3	Drank an afternoon away here on a recent weekend trip to the 'Burgh.Have stayed in Oaktown twice, and both times spent a weekend afternoon drinking some cheap beers here. Have not eaten here, nor have I experienced the college crowd to which others have alluded. Service is fine.Overall, a decent place to while away an afternoon and watch sports on the tube.
3	Used to go to this bar a lot when I was in college.  They always had some pretty good specials.  The one I remember the best was penny pitchers...not sure that they still do that though :-)
3	Food was ok. Fries seemed like they were done already when we got them. Ostrich burgers were excellent though. Bar Tender at the time was somewhat condescending. Draft Beer was kinda warm. Sam the waitress was nice.
5	Nothing better than hanging out with Browns fans on the second floor on Sundays. Cheap beer good food good times.
2	Sadly, I've outgrown this place.  At least when it comes to a place to hang out at.  With that it's just a reminder that I'm getting older.  I came here after work one night to meet a few people.  It was close for us all, and probably the best pick.  There aren't that many bars in Oakland to choose from.  What I walked into was a country night college fiasco, and to make it weirder, they were doing some samba or salsa dancing upstairs.  Rowdy and inconsiderate college kids everywhere.  Makes me wonder if I was that bad back when I was in college.Service was slow at times.  They do have servers roaming the floor looking to see if you need anything, but the whole time our group was at our table, we never had a visit.  At the bar I swear the only person I say there 100% of the time was the bar back.  You'd have to wave him down to go find a bartender.  I left there with a different view of this place than I did years ago.  I may return to this place in time to try their food fare during daylight hours, but never again to enjoy an after work drink.
5	They have great food and the servers and bartenders are always there to help. It's on a college campus so expect the atmosphere. Don't be like that Matthew U guy and talk about how you went in college, then go back and complain about it being a college bar because that's sort of cunty. Try the kitchen sink wing sauce because it's amazing!
4	Well this is a dive bar in Oakland but I have always had a great meal, quick service and you cannot beat the prices.  I typically go for lunch and they have soup, salad, wraps, burgers and many other sandwiches to choose from.  On my last visit I ordered the Italian Wedding soup (soup of the day) and it was hands down one of the best wedding soups I have had!  Past visits I usually go with a wrap and they have many sides to choose from including fries, side salad and mashed potatoes (my favorite). The prices usually range from 6-8 dollars. I have also been for happy hour and they have great happy hour specials. Each day after 5pm they have special menu items for $5.
1	Food is just ok.  Place smells like stale beer and I always seem to be cold when I am there.   Service is very slow.
2	Bad service and bad food! I waited for over a half hour to get my food and I had to ask before the waitress realized she forgot my order. When I got my sandwich the chicken was dry and I didn't even finish it. Also to make matters worse they took trash through the dining area while we were eating. Have some pride.
1	I haven't been here in awhile and made a stop in last night.  Apparently this has turned into a smoking bar.  I find this odd since they also serve food (the kitchen hadn't closed yet) and I thought that was against the law.  This place reeks of cigarette and cigar smoke, so I will not be returning.  The service wasn't that great either.
5	A great place to hangout with friends and get some drinks. I visit it regularly on the weekends and have always have had a great time. Being a college bar with a place to dance you can see that everyones having a great time and genuinely enjoying themselves. Would really miss the vibe at this place.
1	This place just keeps getting worse.  This is the second time I've had to downgrade my rating of Peter's, and it'll be my last update, as I won't be returning.  The attention with which they prepare food has been steadily declining for years, to the point where every time you walk in it's a roll of the dice.  You might get someone in the kitchen who cares about making your order properly, and you might not.They've also started only intermittently enforcing the "no smoking" rule.  For me, this means that on any given day the place will contain experience-ruining smoke (or worse, you'll sit down, thinking you're safe, and then people will start smoking as soon as you get your food).  But if you're a smoker, you're out of luck too, because on seemingly random days, you'll be told to put it out.  So it's not a reliably desirable experience for either part of the population.Also, seriously, and I've said this before, how hard is it to not burn my hamburger?You know how the old saying goes: "Fool me once, shame on you.  Burn my hamburger a lot and allow people to start smoking when I'm two bites in, I'm never coming back to your stupid bar again."
4	I go to Peter's a few times a month for lunch.  I usually sit at the bar, and the service is always exceptional, especially from the girl bartender Ashley.  My water glass is always full, the food comes out relatively quickly, and the bartender is always friendly.  The food is very good most of the time, but every once in a while my meal could be better.  But everyone has an off day now and then.  Overall I like this place, and it is my "go-to" lunch spot in oakland.
4	If you want a legit college town experience go to Peter's Pub.  If you're out of the college scene (as I am) you can still enjoy Peter's for lunch.  If you're in college, go there at night and have some drinks (and for your 21st birthday go here for your horns).The menu is stacked with pretty typical 'bar food' options, however, I had a really tasty, and quite healthy, berry salad for lunch.  My friends and I shared an order of homemade potato chips with French onion dip.  Delish!  On previous visits I've enjoyed their sandwich wraps.  I know they also have some nice happy hour specials.  Service is decent and the atmosphere is relaxed.  Makes me glad I work for a University and can transport myself to my college days by going to Peter's.....this time as an adult who orders iced tea and salad, but still, I can reminice...
3	This, like Hemingway's down the street, is the quintessential college bar in Oakland. You always know what you're going to get here: cheap beer, young crowd, and good bad bar food. Sometimes this place is exactly what the doctor ordered- a good place to catch up with your grad student friends on campus without breaking the bank. Also a good place to catch a sports game. On the other hand, there is nothing sophisticated about this place. And of course the crowd is (really) young and loud. A unique feature about this place, however, is the free popcorn!
2	Calling Pitt my home for 4 years, you'd think I'd have had at least one experience at Peter's Pub, however, this past Saturday was the first time I have ever stepped foot inside. This was a dive bar,obviously catering to students. Since there was a basketball game in about an hour, there was a variety of ages present at the bar. If there was not a game, I'd venture to say that my boyfriend and I would have been the oldest ones in there (and I'm not even 30 yet yikes!). We barely made it in the door because all of the St. Bonaventure fans must have found out about Peter's being extremely cheap and they were hunkered at the bar and all of the tables. Now my boyfriend had been there before and while we did get our first beers downstairs (although it took at least 10 minutes to get served), we carried them upstairs and lo and behold, there were maybe 5 other people at the upstairs bar so we just stayed up there and had another drink after the first. I don't feel the need to ever come back to be honest, I may end up here again, only if going to a game at the Pete, but I prefer a little less rowdy now that I'm in the latter half of my 20s so I'd probably do The Porch for drinks next time before the game instead.
