4	This is a quaint historic hotel that has been a part of Charlotte since 1929. I enjoyed staying here though I wished I'd brought ear plugs since I could hear a lot of the street noise outside from our corner room. It was still nice to have our wedding here and then go right upstairs to our room- no driving! We left first thing in the morning for our honeymoon which was a snap since uptown is close to the airport.WEDDINGS: Also, for anyone considering having a wedding here... Modern Salon is in the Hearst Tower just a block away from the Dunhill. My bridesmaids and myself had our hair done here- they did a nice job and once again- no driving! Oh! AND Flowers Plus who I highly recommend is right down the street (in one of the Wachovia Buildings). They do the Dunhill's flowers and will work with you so the Dunhill's flowers will coordinate well with your wedding flowers. Joel was wonderful to work with.OUT-OF-TOWNIES: One of the things I appreciated most was the hotel's location. It's within walking distance of everything from the Mint Museum of Arts and Crafts to the Bank of America Stadium. The main library is diagonally across the street. It was really great for guests coming in from out of town who didn't know their way around the city which can sometimes be a bear to navigate for the newcomer. DINNER: There are many restaurants just outside the doors if you do not wish to eat at Monticello, the hotel's restaurant. But I would recommend staying for at least one meal. It's delicious! AFTERNOON TEA: As good as the restaurant is, I do not suggest having Afternoon Tea there. Unless they have drastically improved since last year, there's nothing good I can say about it. The service for the tea was subpar, to be kind. The sandwiches were on the stale side. The server didn't know that desserts were included and when we finally did get them they were only so-so. The whole thing left me feeling like I had been an inconvenience to the staff since they had no clue what they were to do for a tea.BACK TO DINNER: But dinner? That's a different story. They do have that cinched up beautifully.
3	We arrived at the Dunhill from the airport at crazy-o-clock, east coast time (that's midnight, ya'll).  The staff were impressively attentive, held the door for me, helped us into our room, when there was a key mixup (the key to our door did not work) they quickly assisted us.  The interior of the Dunhill is elegant and well-appointed.  The interior bar stays open late, so if you don't feel like freezing your tail off (it was twenty degrees the night we stayed over) you can warm yourself with a bourbon in the lobby.The oldest hotel in Charlotte feels old in a good way - it's not outdated or dirty or sketchy or infested with anything but good cheer and southern charm.  The staff is amazing - really amazing and helpful, even for the late arrivals.  This was so refreshing after a very long day of multiple flight connections and shoddy treatment by surly American Airlines staff.The price was very reasonable - less than $90 (online special) for one of the nights near Thanksgiving.  The location is perfect should you wish to explore downtown Charlotte - you are smack dab in the heart of things, close to bars, restaurants, and coffeeshops, but far away enough that the noise of the grittier downtown nightclub scene doesn't infringe on your sleeping experience.So why the three stars?  The bed in our room was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever encountered in my life.  There was a really deep pit in the very middle that kept my husband and I awake all night as we kept fighting our way out of the sunken pit and over to the edge.  There was no relief.  We both have bad backs - I'm actually in physical therapy for mine - and the bed really set our trip off badly, as it re-injured my fragile muscles and caused me to be in pain for the week of Thanksgiving.  My husband ended up sleeping on the floor.  If the bed had been even remotely comfortable this would be a five-star hotel.
5	Absolutely the best and most elegant hotel in Uptown Charlotte and the only one with any historic character.  Truly a landmark, I have stayed here on several occasions myself and it gets my highest recommendation to all my visiting friends.  In a previous career, we put all our visiting executives and VIPs up at the Dunhill, knowing they'd have a good experience. As a professional photographer, I worked a couple of weddings and a birthday party here.  The Dunhill is perfect for those occasions because of it's unique architecture (the penthouse can't be beat for a bridal suite), restaurant, proximity to other amenities, and friendly staff.  I always coordinated with Kandace Stafford in events, who is on the ball and will make sure you are well taken care of.
5	just what i look for in a hotel. history. location.service.amenities.and originality.  the rooms were appointed well, the building maintained perfectly, the staff excellent, and a welcome respite from all the cookie cutter chain hotels.
5	What a fabulous place! Great  place, great location, wonderful staff, excellent food, great value too. And here's the best part: This is independently owned. It's making it on its own--no soulless corporation bleeding it for profit. I would come here for a fun weekend even if I lived in Charlotte. Do yourself a favor and stay here.
4	The last remaining independently owned hotel in Uptown Charlotte. Sad, but true.While it may not be quite as high-falootin' as it was even 10 years ago, this is where I send out of town guests in need of a full service hotel. The rates have gotten somewhat reasonable as of late, which makes it accessible to middle-class peons like myself and my brethren. Old school is a good description of the whole shebag - although the rooms have been recently updated and are comfily redone. Beds are soft enough but not too much. They have large flat screens for those Law + Order-binge hotel stayers (like myself). The rooms on the upper floors have had their bathrooms completely remodeled - very modern, marble, with those slighty-freaky belly button-level spray things, I no likee but I guess some do. But the bar's in the lobby, the bartender's got some weird 6 button vest on, there's a huge ball of floral arranging changed daily in the middle of the retro-greecian-baroque Bowling Alley carpeted entryway, and the staff is slightly stuffy, adding to the whole old-money feel. Plus, for all their staff's scatterbrainedness, the Monticello (and now, the Harvest Moon Grille) is a great place to grab a dinner or brunch. Free parking even if you're just there to grab a well-made Martini. Awesome.
5	Great bar, nice atmosphere
5	An intimate hotel whose charm and sophistication is matched by outstanding service.I recently visited Charlotte on a family vacation and had the pleasure of staying two nights at the Dunhill.  This is a historic building set in the middle of downtown Charlotte, within walking distance to many restaurants and attractions.  The staff was beyond friendly.  I have stayed at many Ritz Carltons, Four Seasons, Mandarin Orientals, etc.. and I can say that this was one of the best experiences I have had in terms of customer service.  When I called down to the desk to ask about a nearby pharmacy- they offered to drive me!  It was only a few blocks but in December it was nice to take a ride in the warm London cab they have.  The rooms are well appointed with comfortable beds, newer furnishings, and flatscreen televisions.  If I ever find myself back in Charlotte I will definitely return.  I can not recommend this hotel highly enough.
4	Great experience. Fantastic customer service and great amenities. There aren't many hotels now-a-days that give you free bottled water, free access to a local gym, and free wi-fi. Rooms are clean and well maintained. I would definitely stay here again.
5	This is an excellent, boutique hotel for anyone who has business or pleasure travel in Uptown Charlotte. It's right in the heart of the uptown commercial district, so if your business is there, you can park the car and walk to your destination. The accommodations are beautiful and comfortable. The staff is friendly and fairly formal, but not over-the-top. I've heard the hotel restaurant is great, and features ingredients from local farms, but I haven't tried it yet. The Dunhill is not cheap but my company has a group rate which I am happy to take full advantage of. And I also prefer an independent, boutique hotel over a nondescript chain.
5	This place is great. It's an old building but they really make it work and don't fight their limitations at all.  It's well located, there's a bar in the lobby (watch yourself, that guy pours em stiff), and the staff give a crap.  The only drawback is the parking situation ...and it's a little hard to actually drive to the building itself, given the whole "crazy series of one-way streets" in downtown Charlotte.  But yeah, I thought it was fantastic all around - oh, and the price for it all is great.
5	Very nice boutique hotel in building with a long and interesting history. Not usually what my wife and I spring for, but we are glad that we did!  We stayed in a "Vintage Queen" room which was more than we expected!  Furniture all appeared antique, bathroom finishes very nice. Mini fridge with complimentary water and soda was a nice touch. This really felt more like a B&B than a hotel! Using AAA discount, this room was a touch over 100/nite for weekend. You can NOT beat that rate!  This rate also included breakfast each morning in the Harvest Moon Grille (attached/owned by hotel). Oh, parking is easy in the garage behind the place 12/day, again, not too shabby!  We would certainly stay here again if in Charlotte!
5	beautiful historic hotel in the most fun place in all of Charlotte, NC. Service was awesome and what else could I say except "I'll be back!"
4	Very nice hotel! A friend of mine stayed here last night & had me come through.  I had always wondered about this hotel, since just based on the outside, it looked as if it had been there for a while.  And it has! Since 1929...The rooms are very nice & spacious, with nice, comfy beds & a neat seating area.  The bathroom though is what's really nice! The shower is HUGE walk in, with tile & an all glass door.It also boasts nice flat screen tvs.  A nice bar area awaits you downstairs in the lobby.This hotel is definitely "old world charm" with a touch of modern.
5	Stayed here about a month ago.  This was really a great hotel.  It's very classic feel, but with brand new bedding, TV, and bathrooms so no old dirty feeling in the rooms.  The employees were super nice, I found a good rate online making it a bargain for downtown.  This is where I'll stay next time I'm in Charlotte.
3	I've stayed here some time ago so I'll keep this short because it and the staff may have changed.  As I remember the staff was very attentive much like a 5 star hotel but for me personally I wasn't digging the old traditional style decor.  In full disclosure, the stay wasn't planned by me, so I probably would have steered clear had I made the plans.  All that aside, it's a fine hotel to unwind for a romantic weekend and take in all that is uptown Charlotte and the history of the place is pretty cool as well.  I don't think there is another hotel downtown that has been there as long as the Dunhill.
4	Stayed there for the first time while attending a trade show at the convention center.  Although it's not the closest, it is still within easy walking distance.The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The only problem I had was the lack of a valet at the valet parking when I arrived late (near midnight).  Self parking was easy enough to figure out.It is a historic hotel, so some of the rooms have a funky layout.  The decor is traditional, but clean and comfortable. Also quiet.  I was in a room next to the elevator and never heard it.I really appreciated the fact that I never felt nickled and dimed.  Complimentary soft drinks in the room and coffee in the lobby (no bottles of water with a $3 "convenience fee" like some other hotels).  If you get a rate with breakfast it covers a real breakfast, not just coffee and a muffin.There is an onsite restaurant, The Harvest Moon Grille.  The selection is sometimes limited, but all the food is outstanding.  Fresh local ingredients are highlighted. Overall, a nice change of pace from the large luxo chains, and a great place to experience Charlotte hospitality.
5	Full disclosure - I have never stayed at this hotel but it does look lovely.  So why am I here?  To pay homage to the bar!  Dunhill Hotel has the best lemon drop martini in Charlotte.  It simply must be said!  The bartenders are wonderful as well.  I'll be back Dunhill!
3	This hotel is nothing special (for my purposes), but the location is great for downtown Charlotte and there were no horrible aspects to it.  The bathroom setup is stupid (like many hotels) with no counter for the sink and those old-fashioned separate hot and cold water knobs that make calibrating the temperature needlessly difficult.  The shower pressure was adequate, but there is no place in the shower to put your shampoo, soap, washcloth, etc.  That's just dumb.  Toilet paper sconce is behind you and a pain to reach.  An overall bad layout, design, and decor in the bathroom.The room is very dark with just some dim lamps scattered around the room.  There is a desk, but its shape makes it painful to sit at (there was a wooden part jabbing into my legs) and you have to unplug something if you want to plug in a computer, a short sighted setup on their part.  Because I was here for work I was too busy to eat their breakfast or spend any time at the bar, but I did need to get some stuff done in the room and the above features made that difficult and unpleasant.  Also, you have to park in a public lot behind the hotel and get your ticket validated by the staff to not pay there, but you still pay Dunhill $12 per day for the parking.  Not convenient, and one time I forgot to get the thing validated and therefore ended up paying more than just paying the garage itself.  Bad system there too.But overall the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet and getting around is easy.  As a business traveler I'd still prefer a Fairfield Inn or Holiday Inn Express, but this place is almost as good.
4	Location is amazing- short walk to anything and everything in uptown Charlotte. There's a bar in the lobby as well as a separate restaurant. They have renovated the entire inside of the hotel- our room was gorgeous with antique furniture- and it was CLEAN! The bathroom had all white marble, granite counter tops, and a large glass shower. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. We had a small issue with being overcharged on our bill upon checkout, but it was quickly cleared up. This hotel has a boutique feel with wonderful service and quality product, all at a very reasonable price. We will definitely return when we visit Charlotte again!
4	I really enjoy this hotel. I've stayed here a few times now and it's very comfortable. The first time I stayed, I told the front desk it was my first time in Charlotte and they gave me a corner room on one of the top floors so I could have a great view of the city. This time I'm in a regular room -- view isn't as nice and the bathroom is much smaller than the last time, but the room itself is nicer, with a couch and coffee tale so I don't mind. Super helpful staff too! The only reason I took off a star is because I do this some things could be a little cleaner. The bedding, sink and shower were spotless, but sometimes the towels are ratty and the curtains have a stain or two. Not a huge deal, but it's still something I noticed. I'll stay here each time I come to Charlotte.
4	We spent the "first" night of our honeymoon at the Dunhill due to an overnight layover before heading to the tropics. We wanted a hotel with some character and history and found both in the Dunhill. The Dunhill is historic which means it's not the most up-to-date hotel, but it has charm and special quirks such as fresh cookies and milk delivered to your room in the evening! The hotel is located in the heart of Charlotte and just steps from your door, you'll find museums, bars and plenty of restaurants. Check-in was seamless and the staff was very friendly. They have a hotel bar and a hotel restaurant, along with complimentary coffee and cookies by the front desk. We also got complimentary wi-fi during our stay. We were only at the Dunhill a short while, but while we were there, our stay was delightful and a great spot to stay during our lay-over!
2	My husband and I visited the Dunhill, originally planning to spend our wedding night there. They are historic, quaint, and conveniently located in Charlotte. Walking in to the check-in desk was a breeze. Everyone was very friendly. Walking through the halls it becomes evident this is an old hotel. It really could use some restoring. The hotel room was small, bathroom was small as well (though they've tried to modernize it with decoration & hardware), and just overall underwhelming. The ceiling had many water spots where water had leaked from above and dried the ceiling yellow. They also have a restaurant in the hotel with good eggs benedict, but for the price, I wasn't impressed. Again, friendly, great historic hotel (which I normally love), but didn't live up to its reputation for us. (We visited before our wedding and booked a room at the Ritz, which in Dunhill's defense, was brand spankin' new.)
3	Cute, boutique hotel that is reminiscent of a bed and breakfast in the middle of the city.This hotel is incredibly clean, cozy, and rich with history. And while my room was not flashy in any way (my room reminded me of a nice guest room of a cottage) I have to admit that the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept on at a hotel! Additionally, the location is incredibly convenient since you're in the heart of uptown Charlotte.If you're a frequent hotel hopper, keep in mind of a few luxuries lacking:1) Dated temperature control - old school dial that was difficult to adjust kept me sweating at night. 2) No room service or mini bar, but there were a few complimentary waters and sodas in the fridge that were welcome for guests to enjoy. Overall, I have no complaints with service and my experience, but since I stay in so many hotels I think I had higher expectations and anticipated a personal touch that may not be present at some of the larger hotels.
1	We booked through Hotwire while in town for a bowl game under their hot rate, so you don't know what hotel you get until after you pay for it.  Let's just say if you like small rooms with a small bed, in a small historical hotel with only apx 65 rooms then this is your place.  They had no king size beds or rooms with two double beds available in the rooms they had left.  Location was decent, but prefer to be closer to the action near more restaurant selection.
5	Better service than any hotel I have been to, in all honesty! Dunhill Hotel is classic - from the concierge to the lobby bar. I almost made a reservation at a chain hotel, but am SO GLAD we changed to Dunhill Hotel. Great location for walking around the city, going to a show at the theater, enjoying the Epicentre, etc., and it has history! Also, they provided refreshments in our mini fridge at no cost, and a wonderful complimentary breakfast at the Asbury, which is connected. Awesome breakfast! The room was not huge, but was just right for 2 people.On our first night and after driving 4 hours to get there, the bartender saw it was raining heavily and they were out of umbrellas, so she gave us her own to borrow while we walked to dinner. And after that, the complimentary shuttle took us to the concert at no charge; we just gave a tip. It worked out perfectly for us and saved us some money!Love this place - and would go back again to enjoy the city and stay again. Kudos.
5	If I could give 10 stars I would!  This hotel went above and beyond when my Uncle fell ill and had to be hospitalized while visiting Charlotte.  They used their London Cab to come and pick us up at the hospital even though it was out of their cab range.  They also gave me a discounted rate on another room so I could stay in Charlotte and take care of my Uncle.  Now on to the hotel itself, it is gorgeous!  The rooms are spacious and so quiet.  I didn't hear a peep from any of my neighbors in the two different rooms I stayed in.  The complimentary breakfast is on point!  Look no further if you are looking for a place in Charlotte that will make you feel like you are part of their family.
5	This review is just for the bar, as I am local and live in Charlotte.  I highly recommend locals and hotel guests alike to stop into the Dunhill bar for a drink.  Pete, the bartender, is the BEST and will take good care of you!  He mixes up some amazing cocktails and provides spot-on recommendations if you need them.
5	Perfect. Cocktails in the bar. Room service for breakfast. The suite was beautiful. Romantic. NYE already booked. Great location and plenty of things to do without having to get in your auto. We could live at this hotel. 8-) This is not the typical chain hotel....That is a great thing.
5	The Dunhill is my favorite hotel in uptown Charlotte. A historic boutique hotel where the object is to please. This warm, cozy hotel is reminiscent of by-gone days in all but the amenities. It's close to the Blumenthal performing arts center and many good restaurants. If exercise is your thing, while they don't have a fitness center on site, you can visit the Charlotte YMCA at no  charge and it's within walking distance and one of the nicest Y's you will find.
5	First class everything,  service incredible. Great hidden gem in the heart of Charlotte.  I recommend staying.
2	Stayed here overnight while visiting for the Liverpool-AC Milan game. Arrived at 3:30pm but the room wasn't even ready despite check in being 3pm. Bed in room wasn't a queen size it was a full size so this is false advertising. I know this for a fact as we just changed from a full size to a queen size bed at home so we are aware of the size difference. In addition the mattress was very soft and the bed frame felt like it might fall apart any time - so we didn't have a great night's sleep which made the 7 hour drive home tough!A/C unit on wall glowed bright blue all through the night, there was no way to turn off the glow without turning off the A/C which would have made the room too hot.Room itself was small but nice enough, I appreciate this is a downtown hotel so you don't get value for money at those type of hotels, but still we personally cannot recommend it.
5	Great hotel! Came here for the weekend with my boyfriend. It was my first time in charlotte and I loved it. Check out was at 12 and they allowed extended checkout which was helpful. Complementary coke and water in the room was awesome! The room was nice with fluffy pillows. Ac was nice and cold and the shower head had great pressure! (Its the little things that matter)  definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice hotel to stay at.
5	Absolutely incredible stay at the Dunhill. The staff catered to our every need! The bed was so comfortable, it was quiet and the complementary breakfast was delicious! Overall a wonderful experience! We will be back over and over!
5	The hotel was great. Complimentary breakfast, friendly service, clean rooms,complimentary  wi-fi and great location. This hotel was very cozy and it almost felt like home. The front desk staff were very friendly and they were able to get our rooms earlier. Better than any well known hotels.
5	the hotel meets the proper standard marriot network and meet the expectations. is in a good location, the city requires car or taxi for transportation. cleaning and hotel services also left me satisfied.
4	the location of the motel is excellent, next to the walk of fame. The presence of good parking. The rooms are typical motel but the thing to remember is the cleanliness of the rooms which is not very accurate (the extractor fan in the bathroom had dust that almost completely otturava). Needless to say, not a hotel to go with small children. In fact, even though we had specifically asked the cradle in the reservation made one month in advance, no one to check in told us that they did not have cots. Breakfast is completely forgettable, better do it for a fee at the nearby Starbucks.
4	We booked this hotel as we want to watch the Xmas Lakers game. It is close enough to walk and right in the middle of NC  downtown.The area is not as I expected as te downtown looks doggy and the hotel also show some age.Restaurant very limited and not too many good food around.
4	This boutique hotel is hard to beat. Decent prices for a great experience. Excellent location in the center of everything: within a 5 block radius, there are dozens of wine bars, eateries, nice restaurants, and even clubs & lounges.Their rooms have good wifi, free sodas and water bottles in their fridge, and they sometimes come during the evenings with free mini Ghirardelli chocolates to hand out. Rooms also stocked with luxurious bath towels and robes.Beds were comfy, albeit on the softer side. Linens were crisp and clean. The restroom was super spacious and decked out in white & grey marble. They offer free breakfast  that starts at 6:30AM, as well.
