1	I have been going to this doctors office for several years now. It's a teaching facility and they have a lot of students at this place. Most of the time you will see a student before the doctor even comes in. The student comes in and asks you questions from a form they have and then goes back the doctor and tells them what you discussed and then when the doctor comes back in you have to explain the problem all over again. When the doctor comes back in with the student more times than not the student sits in the corner of the room and ignores what's going on because they are doing something on their hand held device. I've never been told what it is they are doing but I think it's very rude. The doctors are nice but you never get to stay with one doctor for very long. Since it's a teaching facility the doctors only stay here for a couple of years. I've gone through several different doctors so a new one has no idea about my problems. I do not think they look through the patients chart before coming in the room because more times than not they have no idea what meds I am on, what problems I've had in the past or what I am being treated for. And this is because they go through so many students and doctors and it would take too long to them to look at a chart before seeing the patient. The waiting room is what i have the most problem with. I've been going to this facility for a long time so I know there are a lot of heavy people that go here and their chairs are NOT meant for larger people. When you see people in the waiting room sitting on the very front of a chair because they cannot fit in a seat or people standing because there are only 3-4 chairs with out hand rests so larger people can sit down in the waiting room, that's a big problem and they have done nothing to alleviate this problem even though I know I and my family have all said something to several people there. The chairs in the examination rooms most times are the type that larger people can sit in but not always and that's really embarrassing for us larger people who have to ask for chairs we can sit in. I stopped going here for this reason and because the wait in the waiting room got longer and longer. I should not have to wait an hour after my appointment time to see the doctor and then have another 45 minute wait in the exam room. The nurses are all very nice, polite and actually stay and talk to find out why you are there. The doctors will stay and talk with you about why you are there but most times just want to push a pill off on you and tell you to come back if you still have the problem in a month. The women at the front desk are rude and you have to wait for one of them to get you a referral to another clinic or if you need to schedule something some where else. It too more than a month for them to get me a referral to have an MRI..a month! That is ridiculous. If you want to see the same doctor all the time, get referrals in a timely manner, have prescriptions refilled by call in in a timely manner, have them see you in a timely manner or are a larger person and want to have chairs in the waiting room that you can actually sit in...don't go here you won't find any of that here.
1	Wonderful doctors, WORST STAFF.  It is absolutely impossible to get through on their phone lines to even schedule  an appointment.  Most of the time the phone will ring and then it will go straight to a recording that says they are too busy to handle calls and the phone immediately goes dead.  Other times you just get that endless recording for 30 minutes or more.Forget about getting a referral in under a month.  I have called my insurance company three weeks after the referral was supposed to be submitted and they had not even received a request from the doctor yet.The nurses are the grumpiest I have even seen.  I really don't know why they are in the health care industry when it is apparent they have no compassion for any of the patients.The last time I was in the waiting room, I had to listing to the receptionist call a patients awful names after they left.  So unprofessional!
1	This facility dramatizes the crisis in healthcare in this country in general, and spotlights the poor state of medical training in Southern Nevada. I wish a TV channel would do an undercover spot here, because only if the public were made aware of this office's practices would there be incentive for improvement.I have seen two doctors there within 24 hours, one with a resident in tow. They appeared to be knowledgeable, but whatever medical knowledge they may possess is compromised by the patient scripts and protocols they are required by office rules to follow. It is difficult to imagine a better situation for misdiagnosis than one in which the patient interview is funneled into clipped responses for computer questionnaires while the stopwatch ticks. Both doctors were like racehorses, waiting to bolt at the gate. I suspect there must be some sort of internal reward system for seeing as many patients as possible within a given time frame, or finishing up before the next guy, or getting in and out of the room in under 10 minutes. Because of the pressure to dispense with patients as quickly as possible and the restricted script for the patient interview, I was prescribed a medication that I should never have been given. Blame on it on the tree-diagram. When the doctor-patient relationship is reduced to a rote exchange, a computer can--and possibly will--do it. I will never go back to this facility, and urge my fellow Nevadans to steer clear. What could have been a source of pride--a decent, even strong, medical school facility--is a model of corporate greed. Whatever medical expertise the staff might possess takes a back seat to the "office rules" which, in my case, didn't work.I am grieving; I can't sleep. I went for help, since the melatonin wasn't working, my anxiety was rising, and I was feeling depressed. The doctor heard only "can't sleep" and we were off and running on a set of questions in his computer to determine which medication is the right one for me. When I was asked, "Do you smoke?" I said "no," then added, thinking it might be relevant, "in my 20s for a few years." His response was, "I don't need detail." The questions kept coming. I was obedient, keeping my responses short. "Did any relative die of a heart attack under the age of 55?" I said my paternal aunt had died at 55 of a heart attack. Instead of asking about other heart issues in my family, apparently the tree diagram led to a pharmaceutical conclusion: a prescription for some God-awful sleep aid that made my heart race, my ears ring, and my throat dry out, leaving a bad taste in the my mouth for hours that I couldn't get rid of. The palpitations were so strong that I had pain in my chest and contemplated emergency room care, but rode it out at home. At 3 in the morning, I Googled the drug--it's not to be given to people with cardiac disease in their family, such as (in my case), three grandparents dead of heart attacks and two parents with heart issues. I had no time to give this information to the doctor who saw me; his patient questionnaire didn't have space for the detail, and the tree-diagram for question-and-response steered us out of the office. It would have taken time, and intuition, and interest, to delve into my family history.I returned the next day, and I went through the same routine with another doctor and left with a different medication. Again the script for patient interview. Again the pressure to get in and out of the room as soon as possible. Two co-pays and one bad-drug episode later, I left with a grand total of 15 sleeping pills for one month (since I insisted I'm sensitive to medications, she insisted I take half) with no refills. I would sooner stay awake all night than go back to that place. I am still shocked by the lack of fellow feeling at this facility, a quality that is at the core of the doctor-patient relationship. What about kindness? Cheerfulness? What about the connection between the doctor and the patient that is the foundation for accuracy in diagnosis? Can that really be reduced to computer questionnaires? To tree-diagrams scripts for doctor-patient interaction? Just because I have a common problem--sleeplessness--do I need to be made to feel I'm wasting time? I feel for the residents at this place, because whatever impulse to service that steered them into the medical field in the first place is certainly being crushed. The full-time docs have already crossed over to the dark side.I am ashamed for our city that our medical teaching facility is all about a very ugly bottom-line.
1	Even one star is too generous for the horrific customer service I received. And I have yet to step IN the office... I was a patient here for many years. I haven't had a need to see a doctor in about three years and called to make an appointment with my PCP. I was put on hold three times in over 25 minutes and when the staff member finally took my call she was rude and abrasive. She then proceeded to tell me I could not make an appointment with my doctor, that she would have to leave her a message to see if she would even see me. I said the doctor was who was listed as my primary physician and she said that didn't matter. The attitude was completely "too bad, I'm calling the shots here." She took my personal information and said someone would call me back to schedule if the doctor said she would see me, or to schedule with another doctor. A little compassion, transparency and kindness goes a long way. Perhaps there's a GREAT reason why I can't see my doctor. I would love to know what it is, other than "you don't get to decide who cares for you." Just like I take into consideration with my tone of voice and choice of words after being put back on hold several times, the staff should understand that when someone calls in they are sick or injured and need assistance not attitude. As a consumer, remember that you have a choice. You don't have to be treated poorly to get adequate medical care. I pay a lot of money for my family's healthcare. I don't pay this to be treated like I'm not worthy.Update on 12/17/14: Followed up on Monday 12/15 and was advised that no person by the name that was given to me on the phone Friday worked there and they have no record of my request. Today I was advised that my doctor would not see me; likely a result of my Yelp review. Look at all the one-star ratings... and caveat emptor.
