3	I was a member of Princeton Club about 7 years ago and enjoyed the large facility. I became a member of Princeton Club Xpress almost two years ago. I liked the location, lower price, and smaller setting. Even with the smaller setting, there is rarely a time that you have to wait for a machine. The facility has a fairly good variety of machines, but I wish they had a decline bench and a larger mirrored area for floor exercises. They have space, but it's not always easy to find a spot in front of the mirror to check your form. The trainer at the Fitchburg location is very knowledgeable and provides great training. After having surgery, he provided me with a workout that allowed me to steadily and safely get back into working out. While its great that the location is open 24 hours/day, I think it could be kept much cleaner. They have several bathrooms with showers, but the showers don't appear very clean, floors tend to be wet which makes it difficult to change, and they tend to be out of paper towels, toilet paper, and/or Kleenex. In addition, sometimes there are very few cleaning spray bottles set out to use to clean the machines. The price is affordable and I enjoy the flexible hours. With a little more time spent cleaning, I would enjoy this gym much more.
3	There is nothing special at this location however it is not as busy as the main Princeton Club off the beltline. There are plenty of ellipticals with TVs to make the work out go by quicker. There is a small free weight area and also your basic weight training equipment. There is only one stair climber but it is usually open. I go here because it is close if I need more than the basics like any classes I just scurry over to the larger location.
1	Equipment is constantly broken. The TVs are often incredibly blurry, the sound ports don't work on half the machines, and they only have about 20 stations if you're lucky. The cleanliness is horrible. Dozens of pieces of chewed gum all over the stair climber? Seriously? I feel like they would notice if they had cleaned it once in the last 3 months. What broke the last straw was that they haven't had a scale for well over a month. The scale is one of the biggest parts of many peoples workout regimes. I would like to be able to keep track of my progress either way. I personally don't own a scale, so this is a big issue for me. I will most likely be changing to a different gym when my membership renewal comes up.
3	So literally 2 days after my review that had people in cleaning everything, the scale was fixed, and they we're even fixing the tvs and sound jacks. I'm not sure if it was because of my review, but I am really impressed.
5	After leaving Planet Fitness I was looking for a new gym. Princeton Club was right near me so I went in to talk about a membership. Was met by Judd, who went over the options for membership and told me exactly what was offered: a 24 hour gym with plenty of cardio and weight equipment. The cardio equipment has TV's mounted on them which is nice since cardio can get boring. You have a pretty good selection of channels to go through as well. You can sign up for a 1 year membership for $45/mo or a 2 year for $25/mo with a discount offered for prepayment (my membership broke down to about $19/mo.)The space is fairly small, but there's plenty of equipment to use and I rarely have to wait for anything to open up. I've never had to wait for cardio equipment ever.Included in my membership was 2 sessions with a personal trainer. The first meeting we went over my goals and a timeline for reasonable expectations. and got me started with a workout routine. After 2 sessions you can sign up for further training (prices vary depending on how many sessions you sign up for) which I did.After two weeks I'm down 13 pounds and am making good progress towards my other goals.Bottom line: you get what you pay for here, and it's worth it.
