5	Huge chicken plate for under $10. The flavors are authentic, and healthy.  I really enjoy this place and literally come here on week nights for take out when I don't want to cook.  All hail the food court.
5	I'm giving the 5 star for their Chicken Teriyaki (#1 on the menu).  Its a Huge serving - just under $6!  I get it regularly - if you stick to this I think you will be very happy - its been consistently good for me.   Quick service and extremely affordable.    I've gotten a couple other things on the menu and those wouldn't be getting a 5.  Note: inside PV mall.
4	Very nice folks run this little food court spot. I assume it's family owned. You can watch them prepare your food fresh before your eyes.I always order the $5.99 special, which includes a drink and a generous serving of teriyaki chicken served on, in my case, a huge bed of vegetables. They kindly allow me to pass on the starch and just give me more veggies. The California rolls aren't bad either.They offer a frequent diner card which entitles you to a free teriyaki chicken or California roll after six meals purchased. Did I mention the free drink refills? Not the best Japanese cuisine I've ever had, but far from the worst. The main appeal, I think, is the consistency of the people working at Osaka. Not at all what you would expect at a food court. Great.
3	Compared to a lot of the other teriyaki-style food court places, Osaka Japan is just okay. I came here on a busy day before Christmas. The service was legitimately sub-par, but the food was average. I ordered the standard teriyaki plate, but subbed fried rice for the white rice. The plate also came with steamed veggies as well. The fried rice lacked flavor, almost like that of plain white rice, and didn't have many veggies in it. Maybe a few peas and carrot chunks scattered throughout. The chicken was alright, albeit a tad bit overcooked, but I would have preferred that over unercooked. The veggies were good, but weren't "steamed" as advertised. Rather, they were fried/sauteed on the same griddle that was used to cook the meat. I paid close to $7 for the plate plus the fried rice upgrade. I can say with great confidence that the service and food quality is better at the similar-style restaurant in Fashion Square's food court, but it's really nothing to complain about.
