2	I will not shop here again.  I, too, was excited to see a Spencers closer to my home as I had shopped in Mesa previously.  Yes, they were quick to help when I walked in but service after the sale has been poor.  I was misled on when my product would come in and now have to wait several more days.  I am not a happy customer!
5	I recently purchased a new stove, microwave & refrigerator and I could not be happier. As soon as I walked in I was greeted and not pushed Clifton our salesman was great. The refrigerator I bought was bigger than what I previously owned and did not realize how big it was until it was delivered. I called the store to see if I could get a different one but after I looked at them at the store I decided to keep the one I bought and remodel the kitchen around the refrigerator. The only compliant I have is the stove was not leveled properly and I had to readjust the legs but that only took a few min to do.
4	Twice a customer...dishwasher first and now refrigerator.  Used San Tan store for dishwasher...great experience and vowed to go back.  Except...Awhatukee now has a store which is closer...worked with Brian and got the best customer service!  Delivery was exactly as promised, by guys who did a great job.  Hummmm...maybe a stove/oven combo is next????
5	I really like this store! All the employees here are attentive and friendly. I purchased a washer from them and it is working great! I got a great washer at a great price and I'm a client for life. I will definitely tell all my friends! Thanks Spencers on Ray!
5	We bought a new dishwasher online from Spencer's. They called and set up the install which went smoothly, both the salesman and the installer were service-minded. Once the dishwasher was installed and I'd signed off on it, my wife came home and thought it was installed crooked. They didn't have to but they came back out the next day to re-do the install. This second install, though, went poorly and a screw was left loose which damaged the washer. I let the salesman know, sending him a picture. That day a supervisor called me and arranged to have a new dishwasher installed correctly. So, a botched install may not seem like a great review, but they did not have to come out the second time to straighten the unit and when they goofed the install they owned up to it and corrected it. I did not have to push for this and when I remarked on it to the supervisor he said they want our business again and it was important they get it right. I cannot think of any other valley business I've dealt with that was so customer-service minded. We will definitely purchase from Spencer' TV and Appliance again.(And we love our new dishwasher!)
1	I ordered 3 appliances in white which came to over 2k. They agreed to meet other competitor prices to get the sale. They delivered a white fridge with a split gasket, a Black dishwasher, and a white electric range instead of gas. They now have to deliver a new gasket but want to charge me $75 to deliver the other appliances which were not my mistake. I canceled the range and bought the same thing at Best Buy with free delivery. Spencer's are the only ones who have the right dishwasher in stock so I have to go pick it up at the warehouse myself. Oh and he said he would have to charge me more for the gas range. Lol. They are the same price as electric everywhere else. Will never buy from here again. I'm new to Phoenix so lesson learned. Wanted to buy local.
5	Wow wow wow!!! So impressed with my experience here. We bought our fridge, oven, and microwave from them a while back and had a GREAT experience. Then, our old dishwasher broke and I was shopping around for a new one. Spencers went above and beyond. Plus they honored the price a competitor had. I think the guy I worked with was Gary? and he was super helpful.I am all about supporting local and Spencers makes it totally painless by honoring competitor prices AND providing service that is unmatched. Will definitely be returning for any other appliances. When they honor competitor prices, how can you not support local?
5	Bought all new appliances for our kitchen.  The range had issues right from the start.  GE handled the warranty work.  After GE came out numerous times and replaced various parts, they finally gave up and said they just wanted to replace the whole thing.  However, by that time the exact model was no longer available.We called the manager at the Ahwatukee Spencer's and explained the situation.  Turns out they still had our model in stock in their warehouse.  He said they could have the replacement out the next day... and they did!  Very happy with the customer service.
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. After my encounter with Roy who also claimed to be the store manager, I will never shop at Spencer's again and I will warn my friends and family not to give them their business either. There was a Maytag duet washer and dryer on sale for $699 each, however the sticker said the pair was $1499 for both. Not sure who is doing the math here but that is clearly inaccurate. The sticker was labeled with a $200 "rebate" bringing the total to $1299 for the pair. When I pointed this out, the salesperson Roy said he honor the $1200 for both and then took the sticker down, corrected the price to say $1399 for pair but only included a $100 rebate. When I told him I would take the set for $1200 like he originally offered, I was then told I would have to take the floor model and they would not reduce the price for it. Needless to say, I am not impressed with their shady business practices.
5	We bought a water softener on Friday, scheduled the delivery for Saturday and installed it ourselves on Sunday.  The bad:  delivery girly gave us a window of 11-1, asked them to be closer to 11 than 1, they called at 10:35 in our driveway, luckily we were on.our way he from a soccer game and were only 2 minutes away.  They dropped a box off and about 3 minutes later we turned the box and saw that it said "Box 1 of 2".  So, we called the driver to see if he had box 2 and could bring it back since he was still very close.  He said he didn't have it and that it should all be in the 1 box.  Sunday we started to install it, (don't do this yourself unless you can sweat copper the Spencer install fee is not bad) and realizes that the brine tank was missing.  The good: We called the salesman, Markus and he took the call even though he wasn't working and he had some ideas and gave us the name of someone working to call.  So, we called Clifton and he found out the Mesa store had what we needed and after a bit of discussion around delivery Monday or refunding our delivery money to go get it ourselves he went above and beyond and delivered it himself a little while later.  What seemed like a mess was made very right by the sales guys!  I'm not used to getting that kind of customer support from furniture, electronics or appliance stores!  Kudos to Markus and Clifton for really awesome customer support!
4	Marcus helped us today. I Needed a new fridge, ours went out. we decided on having one freezer and one fridge instead of a side by side. We had been to three different stores already. They had what we'd seen at other stores for less. Good experience. We were in and out in less than 20 minutes.
1	Do NOT SHOP HERE! Or do any kind of business with this company. We went through Spencers for a home remodel and it was a NIGHTMARE. The people they hire to do the work are inexperienced and horrible to work with. They lied to us and their workers stole from us. If you don't have time to stand over them and watch everything they do you will be unpleasantly surprised when they finish (if they finish). As for Spencers and their appliances... we bought all of our new appliances from them and have had trouble with all of them and it's only been FOUR MONTHS! They gave us a service number to call and that service number can't help us. We asked if we could just return the $750 Avanti beverage fridge to them since it has completely gone out and doesn't work... the answer was no. So now we have a very expensive paper weight. Ha! I'm over it.... just don't want others to make the same mistake we did:(
3	When in doubt speak with the manager first. Re: Switching from a dropin oven to a slide in. Purchased the LG Studio slide in- which gets a separate rating of 5 starsTo make a long story short after the used car salesman approach by sales person Brian I was told I could cut the baseboard at the bottom of my former drop in stove for the new slide in.  Or I could have the installer  Do it for$100.00 FALSE!Not only was I misinformed of the process was more extensive, $300.00 and a horrific mess that created a dust storm CUTTING TILE in my home AS THEY DID NO COVERING OF DOORWAYS OR FURNITURE ETC.  creating days worth of work cleaning off dust from blinds, counter, appliances, carpets floor walls everything AND IN adjoining rooms forcing me to hire cleaning help at more expense to me.The installer along with leaving a huge mess left a gap between the stove and the counter top.  Forcing me to hire someone else to finish and fill in with foam and caulk- anther $75.00This sales persons mandacity lacked vision while holding No consideration for expense and any health issues people may have in the household like resperatory or auto immune disease whereby this environment can compromise their health. Sadly, it was only after this upsetting experience I contacted the store manager Clifton, with my concerns. Clifton  was very receptive, apologetic and made every attempt to rectify the situation. It is only because of his response that I rerated this purchase experience 3 stars otherwise it would have remained with it's previous rating 1 star. Lessons learned:I would recommend if your getting that used car salesman approach and purchasing a range other than free standibg run the details by the manager before you sign on the doted line. And insist on speaking with their installer before they come out. It could save you money, days of work and a lot of time in the end.
