5	Super clean, relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff. Love this place....
5	I've been going to Embellish since May and I've never been disappointed.  John is awesome and I am always complemented on my nails anywhere I go.  I would send and recommend this salon to anyone!  I recently moved about an hour away and still make the trip out there.  Can't beat the quality and service.
5	Ally & Angie are the best!! We seriously don't go anywhere else now. And Angie is gonna hate me for saying this but.... We bring Pinterest pics in every time and they NAIL them! -Ally H. & Rachel
5	I brought my daughter to Embelish for Mani and Pedi's yesterday and we really enjoyed it.  Place was clean and the atmosphere was great.  I love the way they set the place up.    Don was great, made me laugh and gave me a professional mani and pedi.  My nails look awesome!  I can't believe they have been open for over a year and I hadn't found them before now.~ Vicki F, Gilbert AZ
5	I came here last night after being in the hospital around the corner welcoming my new nephew all day. I have to say, I was extremely happy to have chosen this place for a relaxing mani-pedi! The place was very clean, the people were nice, and most of all I had great conversation with the gentleman doing my pedi! I asked for something a little different on my nails for the mani and the nail tech was happy to meet my needs. I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in town!
4	Very nice, super clean.  Found it in Money Mailer and took my daughter today.  Very gentle, great massage with pedi.  I mentioned wanting something special for spring and nothing was suggested, but they were very busy.  I will definitely be going back.
5	Great salon, great prices. Staff was friendly, attentive and listens to all your requests. The salon is spacious and clean, lots of gel colors to choose from, walk ins welcome and they weren't busy when we came, was in and out within 45 mins for 2 mani/pedis! We couldn't believe it!It's tucked away in a small shopping center but this hidden gem certainly proves worthy of it's fab name, will definitely be coming back! Thanks for the great service and awesome nails! :)
5	Alicia is my Fav nail tech in all of AZ! I'm afraid to say... If she stops doing nails, I'll stop getting my nails done!!
5	My favorite salon hands down (no pun intended!) it is clean, modern, the staff is friendly and fast and thorough. I got a fill this weekend and he was incredibly thorough and even took care of my cuticles for me. Love a place that goes above and beyond like that. A little bit ago I was there close to closing and packing up to leave when a girl walked in 2 minutes before they closed asking for a gel manicure. She was indecisive about the color and was taking forever. I was getting annoyed for them but they were totally professional and stayed long after closing to make sure she was happy. Such good customer service!
5	I got to say this is a really good nail salon. Their prices are decent but let me tell you it is WORTH your money.  They give you a nice mud mask for your legs and feet! It leaves a mint feeling that will wake you up. Also no other nail salon does a good callus remover they actually remove your calluses! It has been more than a week and my calluses are still gone! :0! They also make sure to file your gel nails so it won't look so thick which I prefer. Hands down awesomeness!
5	I give them 5 stars!!! This was my first time going here and they did a great job. They where friendly and had so many colors to choose from.  I plan on coming back to do my nails here again.
5	I've tried two other nail salons in the area, and I was utterly disappointed with both.  Embellish Nails, however, is wonderful!  Friendly techs who listen to what you want and make excellent suggestions.  I was stunned by how quickly and thoroughly they did my gel nails...and they turned out perfect!  I've never seen a nail salon with so many color choices.The place is clean and well-decorated and relaxing.  I've finally found "my" nail place...can't wait to go back!
1	I always go to this salon and I love the girls that work there but the guy that works there is very rude!!!! He always gives me an attitude if I need a nail fixed or want a manicure. I thought he was just having a bad day every time I come in but now I can see that he is just a jerk!! If you go to this salon make sure you don't have him do your nails!!!! He is very unprofessional in the way he interacts with customers. He acts like I'm a burden instead of a paying customer. I will NEVER have him touch my hands again!!!! They should fire him and hire someone who is more pleasant and enjoys working with people.
5	I really love getting my nails done at this salon. They are fast, friendly and clean. I think the prices are decent too. I definitely recommend to anyone in the area.
5	Just moved to Gilbert Arizona and needed a nail salon and fast! Searched yelp reviews and Embellish Nail & Spa had great reviews. I am so glad I went in! Outstanding service and I got a fantastic pink/white fill by Alicia. Very accommodating and very friendly staff. The salon is beautifully decorated. Competitive prices too. I highly recommend and I will be going back.
5	Always great service! Alicia is always willing to accommodate my crazy new design requests!
2	I like they're work..however they made me wait at the nail table for a long time. Prob 30+ mins after they already started my nails...while multiple employees sat there talking to go do someone else's. I had a Mani pedi. They don't do gel nails just gel polish but charge way more for it. Also the designs are nice but expensive and you have to show them what you want exactly or you won't get what you're asking for. I probably won't go back after the poor customer service. The shop was not busy at the time either. Its only been 2 weeks and my nails are already grown out enough to get them redone. My toes were different colors than my fingers because they gave the job for someone else. It literally took 3 hours to get them done.
4	The salon was really clean and they had plenty of staff working to take care of everyone. It was decently crowded - about 8 people there on a Friday (late morning). It seems like it might be hit-or-miss with the staff members though. I did the upgraded $25 pedicure and was a little disappointed with the pumice and massage portions of the pedicure. She just really wasn't into it... definitely half-assing it. Seemed like other employees were more committed to their job. Maybe she was just having a bad day? Lots of nail polish colors - more than most other salons in the area
5	I have found my new nail salon. Staff was friendly and made us feel like we've been going there for years. I got a gel manicure done by Ange and it is one of the best I ever had. With my pedi I received a nice and strong massage by Christina. They did not pressure me to an upgrade!! The salon was very nice and clean. Awesome service!!
4	Definitely be back again, my gel nails came out perfect, price caught me off guard was quoted $45 for mani/pedi but I get it, I did end up getting gel French nails and a design I guess. Overall out of the 5 nail shops we tried so far in the area, this one did a great job.
1	I sat and waited for 25 minutes before someone asked when I arrived. And not in a polite way, I might add. I had some extra time between appointments and thought I could get some self-care in, but instead I was ignored and wasted my time. Thumbs down to this place. I will NEVER return all tell everyone about the lack of customer service. If I could give zero stars, I would.
