5	I love the office staff here! There's one woman, Liz, who's incredibly comforting and understanding, never cold or short with me. Dr. Steen is also a very gentle, patient man. I pretty much freaked out about getting all my work done and he listened to and addressed all of my fun little paranoias with an eerily calm manner. After having my work done, I've called about 18 times about different things that I think are going wrong, and everyone has been so incredibly understanding that it's hard for me not to say "I love my dentist office". And that's weird.Almost minus a star for not providing me with the cool irrigator thingy that everyone else gets when they have their wisdom teeth pulled.
5	I dumped my last dentist because he talked to me like I was about five years old. As an adult, I take offense. As a physician, I take extra offense. So my friend recommended Dr. Steen, citing a centrally located gorgeous office, modern facilities, and really hot office staff. I don't particularly care about the last part, but good to know.From my first phone call to the check-out at the end of my visit, the office staff was endlessly patient and took the time to thoroughly explain everything. The facilities are very impressive, meticulously clean and spacious. Dr. Steen is very pleasant and was the happy medium between strong and silent and way too chatty. His exam was amazingly thorough, as were his comments throughout regarding what he saw. He didn't try to hard sell me any unnecessary procedures and didn't try to scare me into flossing with threats of periodontal disease, receding gums, or rotting teeth. The staff never looked at me funny when I arrived red-faced and huffing and puffing from hauling ass from the hospital to get to my appointment on time, which is always appreciated. The cherry on top is their on-line service for patients that lets you view your appointment times and sign up to get reminders by text message, which is perfect for me. My only complaint was that I had to make two separate appointments for the exam and the cleaning; however, once I realized how much time Dr. Steen spent during the examination, I understand! (Plus, we were working around a time crunch and my tight schedule.)
2	This was the weirdest dental experience I have had. I felt like all the Dr. Steen did was try to sell me services I did not need.Having been to a different dentist about 8 months prior, I was told I had no cavities.  Dr. Steen insisted I had 6 that all needed immediate action.  I was also told I should consider braces - I had braces for 3 years in my teenage years and find it hard to believe my teeth are that messed up.What really got me  was at the end of my new patient appointment a woman, a "closer", came and took me to her office where she sat me down and gave me a print out of what services I needed and what the insurance would cover.  The difference was around $700, and I cannot believe these services were all necessary.  He may be a good dentist, but it was too salesmen like for me. I just want my teeth cleaned.
5	I have been going to CenterCare and Dr. Steen for years.  I have never had any complaints.  All of the staff are super friendly and work hard to get you in and out of the office in a timely manner.  They have 7:00 am appointments for those of us that need to get to work downtown.
5	Dr. Steen has been our family dentist for years (20+).  He is all the good things the other reviewers have said he is, and his office staff is top notch.  We have never had him steer us wrong.  He always presents his recommendations in the clearest manner so as to help us make the best decisions we can about what we need (or don't need).  He and his staff are always patient to answer all the ins and outs of questions I may have about why any of us might need this procedure or that. And in the end, I don't feel like a second class citizen if I opt NOT to go with a recommended procedure.  Very respectful!  Recently our 23 y.o. son went in for a badly chipped front tooth.  Dr. Steen could have insisted it be capped, period, but instead he presented a number of options, one of which was to simply seal the tooth.  He explained that this was temporary (lasting for a number of months) and our son could opt to have his tooth formally "restored" at another time or to continue to seal it periodically.  This was the best route for our son since it was the most cost effective (and he thought the chipped tooth made him look a little more edgy, so no big deal!  LOL!).  In contrast, I called a dentist nearer where he lives, and the receptionist started in right away with "he'll need this, and he'll need that"... sight unseen!  She's not the dentist... where does she get off doing that?  When I questioned her about a couple of the things she was saying he would need, I was met with a response that was downright insulting (as though I never should have had the gall to question in the first place).  I have never been treated like that at Dr. Steen's office.  Like I said, they have all been very respectful and patient.  Bottom line:  I would HIGHLY recommend him.  They just don't come any more competent and conscientious than Dr, Steen and his staff.
5	I have been a patient of Dr Steen and his staff for going on 4 years. Dr Steen's expertise, and care is unsurpassed. His staff is cheerful, professional and accommodating. i'd drive 30 miles to get this type of service any day.
4	I am a fan of the team here!
3	Never thought I would ever like a dental office. I get my normal cleanings, and got my wisdom teeth taken out here. Have you ever been so chicken shit scared about something that you put it off for years? Yea, that would be those wisdom teeth. But they hook it up with drugs (legally of course) and take those bad boys right out. The only downsides are 1. I had to ask for gauze when I left my appointment, I assumed that they would just give it to you, given you just got your wisdom teeth taken out. 2. We had to reschedule something for my husband for the new year but after we figure out his on call schedule, so we said we would have to call them back when we found out....well the hygienist would NOT STOP CALLING. Don't be annoying, just don't.
5	These people are great! Engaging, informative, thorough. From the x-rays and exam to the cleaning, I felt very taken care of.. Awesome group of people. Thanks so much for a great first visit!
5	When I was searching for a new dentist five years ago, an overwhelming majority of Phoenician friends, colleagues, and clients referred me to Dr. Steen at Center Care Dentistry. I have been so impressed with the care I receive there that I have since moved to LA and still come back to AZ for my dental needs. While everyone is kind, helpful, and gentle I primarily see Magda, Dr. Steen, and Raquel during my visits. They equally answer all my questions, care about my well-being, use modern technology, and most importantly give me exceptional dental care. The office itself is clean, the schedule is always on time, the front office ladies are efficient and helpful with scheduling, payments, and insurance, and they go out of their way to ensure your happiness.  I cannot recommend Center Care highly enough!
