5	I've written lots of restaurant reviews, but this is the first time I've ever felt compelled to write one for a doctor.  My experiences with Dermatique have been so positive, I feel compelled to share them with the local Yelpers.I discovered Dr. Davey's practice last year after becoming dissatisfied with the service at the biggest and best known place in town (the big one out east on Shea).  Dermatique is a boutique medical practice located in the same building as Searsucker (next to Neiman's at Fashion Square).Dr. Davey is pretty much everything you're looking for in a doctor - extremely experienced, totally engaged and with a terrific bedside manner.  He's got state of the art equipment and - contrary to a lot of local doctors - his staff is just as warm and gracious as he is.The office is hyper-modern and always makes me feel like I've walked onto the Nip/Tuck set.  Despite the five-star ambiance, I've found Dr. Davey and his staff to be extremely helpful in working with insurance and generally making a visit that most of us would just as soon avoid about as pleasant as it could possibly be.Highly recommended!
5	Love this place! As a new dermatologist in Scottsdale Dr. Davey really impressed me with his knowledge and great advice! Dr. Davey and staff did a great job with making me feel comfortable all while being very accommodating. I highly recommend you give Dermatique a try. You won't regret it.
5	I visited Dermatique for the first time last week.  I was so impressed with the office, the staff, Dr. Davey and the whole visit.  They do an interesting Facial Assessment Report which screens your face for wrinkles, texture, UV damages and a few other categories.  This was so interesting!   A little depressing to know how much sun damage I have, but it was fascinating information to know about my skin.   I was there for a routine check up.  Dr. Davey was friendly, talkative, and did a thorough exam.  I had previously had one dermatologist and she barely gave me the time of the day.   He explained what he was looking for, took his time, answered my questions, and was in general very helpful. If you are looking for a knowledgeable dermatologist, friendly staff, up to date technology and recommendations for how to keep your skin looking great -  definitely visit Dermatique!  You can also book an apopintment here using ZocDoc online, which is an added bonus!   Will definitely be back and recommend this place to others!
5	So, as it turns out, I'm allergic to the glue in false lashes. I guess it's a fairly common thing, having a reaction to synthetic glues, but when the skin started peeling off my eyelids (horrible, depressing) I figured it was time I visit a professional. I turned to Yelp to look up the address of another dermatologist in Scottsdale that I had visited about a year ago for an acne issue. I was never to happy about this other doctor - office was outdated and kinda grimy, staff was mediocre, however it's convenient and I figured easy to get an appointment as a patient of record. While looking for said other dermatologist, I saw the ad for Dermatique... beautiful office, great reviews, located all of 5 minutes away from my house - Sold. Called around 10am, was scheduled for a same day at 3:30pm. Pretty impressive.They are located in the same building as Searsucker restaurant, on the 9th floor. The office is posh. Black leather chairs, lucite tables, chandeliers.. has the feel of an upscale spa/salon rather than a doctor's office. The receptionist was nice, offered me a water, and assisted me with paperwork. She kept an eye on me so that when I was done filling it out I didn't have to get up from the chair to walk it back over to her. What?? Again, pretty impressive stuff. Then, I met Phyllis. I love her. It's not easy admitting to a perfect stranger that the reason your eyelid skin is peeling off in itchy miserable layers is because you had a moment of extreme vanity and got eyelash extensions.. But, I told Phyllis, and we laughed about how my mom was right .. "EYELASH EXTENSIONS WHY?? THAT CAN'T BE HEALTHY FOR YOU." -Mom, Sigh. Anyways, Phyllis was super knowledgable, in fact before I came out with the truth on the suspected culprit, she looked at my hands and asked me if I ever do acrylic nails. I don't. But she knew the issue right off the bat, and was very sweet about it all. Enter, Dr. Davey - kind, prompt, and professional. He didn't have me sit around and wait in the exam room like I swear doctors do just to make it seem like they're highly busy.. (we know, you're important).. He greeted me, pulled up a chair, took one look at my eyes and said "Yep, I know just the thing" and that was it. Then, we chatted about our lives while Phyllis grabbed the medication. He is super knowledgable about skin, but also just a really nice human being with great bedside manner. I'm sure most people feel hesitant about skin issues, as do I. Often they're weird, grody, and embarrassing. Dr. Davey and his staff are warm and welcoming, and should you find yourself with an ugly rash, bump, or mole, Dermatique is the place to visit.
5	I am in medical school and I can only hope to be as talented a physician as Dr. Davy.  His insight, knowledge and bedside manner were exceptional.  He gets a A+ rating in my book.
5	I met Dr. Davey at an alumni event for Washington University in St. Louis. Dr. Davey is a graduate of the medical school, one of the finest in the country. When my primary care physician noticed some spots on my head, a possible precursor to skin cancer, I was advised to see a dermatologist. Although I was given a referral from my PCP I opted instead to see Dr. Davey. Having never been to a dermatologists office I didn't know what to expect, but was surprised by how non-medical it felt! The office is very modern and after I received the grand tour of the facilities I can see that he has a state of the art practice which includes the ability to perform some functions usually left to 3rd party labs. Dr. Davey and his staff are very friendly and I would recommend Dermatique to anyone looking for the services he and his office provides as well as for an overall skin wellness examination.
5	Wanted to give a shout out to my new favorite spot in Scottsdale for all things skin. I found Dermatique after reading great reviews on yelp and I must say they were all on point. Parking is easy, the staff are super friendly, and there was little to no wait to get seen. I got some botox and they offered a free touch up in two weeks which I have never been offered and a complimentary facial as well. Needless to say, I will be back again!
5	I came here for my annual mole checkup a few months ago, and was delighted to meet Dr. Davey!  It's kind of awkward having a man do a full body mole check, but he had a female assistant stand in, and made conversation the whole time to put me at ease.  He is so nice and very knowledgeable- just what you want in a dermatologist!  Also, when I asked about Botox he didn't try to pressure me to get more than was necessary or push it on me right then and there. He just clearly gave me the facts and a quote, which I really appreciated.  No pushy sales approach, just helpful info.  Also, he told me that he does the injections himself- unlike a lot of places that have nurses or PAs do them instead of the doctor. Bonus!  The office was beautiful and clean, and the staff was super nice.  You can tell he's from KY - he's got those good Southern manners.  Also, he's very affordable for how experienced he is and how gorgeous the office is!  Bottom line: if you want a great doctor who will make your skin beautiful but not be pretentious and "Scottsdale" about it- then go see Dr. Davey!
5	Outstanding! 10 Stars in my book!
5	COMFORTABLE! That's the one word of how I felt with the staff and Dr Davey. Was seen for adult acne. Office is very nice and doesn't have the feel of a doctor office. Staff is very laid back, knowledgable and friendly. Was told I didn't need an oral antibiotic for my acne and that the 2 topical prescriptions will clear me up. Dr. Davey is conservative and won't feed you full of BS. They also have an in house esthetician which I'm excited about. I get my chemical peep Friday and I trust Brenda? To do it. This is now my permanent dermatologist!!! If you're looking for comfort, caring, concerned and conservative....give Dr Daveys office a call. You'll be glad you did!!!
5	As a physician I am picky who takes care of my family. Dr Davey is tops. Highly recommend him to any who need a dermatologist.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Davey's since they opened. Dr Davey and his staff are so compassionate, understanding and caring, it feels like they are old friends. The office is absolutley beautiful and they always offer coffee/ water as soon as you get in. Dr. Davey makes you feel very comfortable, even when you have some embarassing procedures. He is always making me laugh! I adore this practice and will continue to be a loyal patient. Keep up the good work!
5	I went to another dermatologist in Scottsdale in the past, and it was average. So when I developed a lump on my leg I decided to seek someone with a better track record as far as " bedside manor" so to speak. I used both yelp and zoo doc and came up with Dr Patrick Davey, Md, MBA,FACP.  My Ipad research paid off. To start, the office is outstanding. Tastefully decorated and the views are perfect. It doesn't make him a better doctor, but it makes for a better visit. You won't have much time to look around, I was taken in as soon as I was done paper work. When his assistant ( a really nice, beautiful woman) was finished, no time to look for magazines, Dr Davey was there. I have waited longer in line at IN AND OUT. Not to be redundant with the other 5 star reviews... But it's all true. He listens, he takes his time with you, and he is a modern up to date doctor with an old school, get to know you personality. After my biopsy he showed me some of his equipment( impressive). I really can't say enough about his staff and him. By the time I left I felt like I was leaving a new friend as well as my new Dr:) Bonus: I received a free gift certificate for a microdermabrasion. Need I say more. If you need a dermatologist he is the man to see. Or check out Dermatique, I will be:)
5	I have never had a more pleasant experience with needles than I did with Dr. Davey. I usually leave the office with a headache or at the very least a teary eye but his method was a dream! I was talking through injections and literally did not notice he was doing anything!! Definitely definitely coming back
1	On my very first visit to this provider, he decided to biopsy the skin on the bridge of my nose and ended up leaving me with a huge scar...looks like a crater.  I will be supplementing this review shortly, as there is much more to describe about my experience.
1	I had a consultation with Dr. Davey in March for cystic acne. The visit was short and to the point. I was prescribed spironolcatone, which seemed to take care of most of the acne I was experiencing. I had a follow up appointment in June and was told my skin looked like it was better and I should come back in 6 weeks for another check up. He did not address the existing acne I was having. I got a call the day of my appointment saying they would need to cancel my appointment because the doctor was out of the office and they did not know when he was returning. I have tried calling multiple times, but the phone is shut off.  I am now almost out of my prescription and the pharamacy has not been able to contact the doctor for a refill. I was not reffered to anyone and I have contacted several dermatologists in the area that are all booked at least a month out. I am getting married in 2 months and if I am not able to find a dermatologist I am afraid my acne will get worse. I am beyond MAD!!!
1	So disappointed.  I have been seeing Dr. Davey for a year.  I went to have a prescription refilled and the phones have been disconnected, they pharmacy can not get any response.  Did this practice close?  Where are my records and why was I not notified?
1	After he saw my first review, the provider called me and mailed correspondence by way of the USPS, indicating that he wanted to make the situation right.  I sent him a letter two weeks ago, asking to come into his office in October to have the scar examined, and have not heard back to date.  In the aforementioned letter I also explained my reasons for being unhappy with him and his staff and that I would expand on my review here on Yelp! if I did not receive a response.  I will send the letter again, via Certified Mail, and if I am not in receipt of a response within two weeks of the date I mail it, I will transcribe the letter, verbatim, and post it here for one and all to read.  My face is scarred and it is highly visible to the naked eye, right on the center of my nose.  No need to post a sign at the site, as everyone can easily see it; I can even see it without wearing my extremely strong eyeglasses.
3	I would give Dr. Davey 5 stars but I've literally been trying to contact the office for months now. Returned mail, disconnected phone number, no response from emails... I'm getting worried and all I'm trying to do is pay my bill!!!
1	Wish there was a way to rate with zero stars.  This company is now out of business.  Packed up and left.  I have a feeling many of the reviews posted here on Yelp! were bogus.  Davey is a quack.  He gouged my face.  I will be filing a claim against him through his malpractice insurance carrier.
1	Had similar experiences to recent reviews on here. Saw the doctor two or the times, his assistant was very unprofessional and rude. Seems as though they went out of business.
