5	I was introduced to this place several months ago and am now an addict. The bread is always fresh, the pastries are always delicious, and the staff is always friendly. Personal favourites are the walnut/blue cheese ficelles and the pistachio squares (probably the best squares I have ever had in my entire life). I'm also a big fan of their house ice tea. There is a reasonably large and nicely decorated seating area up above the bakery, which is easy to miss but is worth checking out. A good place to stop for lunch or to do some work (there's free WiFi). The prices are VERY reasonable for the outstanding quality, and while I haven't  tried everything they have to offer (or at least not yet), I've never been disappointed.
4	Excellent selection of pastries, including chocolate almond croissants.  Both the pistachio and the pistachio almond croissants are filled with pistachio creme/paste (delicious!)There is a Lafleur nearby, in case anyone wants poutine before or after...
5	Artisan bakeries are always a welcome sight and Mamie Clafoutis near Metro Sherbrooke is one of the most welcome in Montreal. Their prices are very friendly just like the staff.  Knowing a little French is certainly a bonus, but baguette sounds just about the same in French and English, so I manage.There's a hidden lounge above the kitchen filled with comfy seats and a unique view over the rest of the shop.  This seems like an ideal place to enjoy a relaxing lunch with one of their sandwiches and a fresh cup of coffee.The amazing baguettes draw me back time and time again, they have a nice thick and chewy crust, the crumb has great structure and you can taste the care and quality ingredients that goes into making each loaf. I can recommend their cinnamon raisin bread and their olive loaf is also very good but you've got to watch for pits. I feel pretty confident that just about all of their breads will be spot on.
4	This place has got some good pastries and some nice coffee.  Nice atmosphere.  I would go here again.   Nice people.   Not too far from my hotel.    It's amazing how hot it gets here sometimes in the summer.   Thanks You.
5	Amazing! Fantastic people and great bread. Their croissants are among the best in Montreal! (no easy feat)
4	Thanks to Mamie Clafoutis for being 1) an artisan bakery with a great variety of baked goods and 2) open early on Sunday morning - you're getting much appreciation from this rushed train-goer. Forget Amtrak fare when you can be nibbling on a ham and cheese on seeded ficelle for breakfast, then smoked salmon and capers on onion-poppyseed brioche for lunch. Their pastries are great, too - the pistachio-almond croissant in particular stayed lovely even the day after. The staff are friendly, and do try to be helpful despite imperfect English. Beautiful storefront and displays. Definitely would be one of my favorite stops in Montreal.
5	I'm in heaven!  My, how delicious and mouthwatering can you be? At Mamie Clafoutis, we enjoyed the flakiest, most flavorful pistachio croissant and chocolate croissant ever with two delicious cups of cappuccino!  Not only were our tastebuds in for a tremendous treat, but we had the absolute pleasure of sitting upstairs to indulge in our goodies which allowed us to view these talented pastry chefs creating these scrumptious goods.  I could have sat there all day watching! I hope you all take the time to enjoy this boulangerie!
5	Pleasant staff, seating upstairs at the back.Excellent chausson aux pommes (apple turnover): apple puree has a delicious balance of apple flavor, sweetness & smooth texture.  The pastry is not old-school hyper delicate/flaky, but is more dense flaky & crispy, half-way to phyllo pastry, but works very well and keeps a lot longer (12-18 hours) than the classic style pastry (which can lose its crisp in 4-8 hours).  This guy is also large, square and thick, rather than empanada size.For me, any one stellar viennoiserie is enough for a patisserie to earn a 5-star rating.  Pastry chefs often have one thing they do incredibly well.  Anything beyond that for me is bonus.
4	Stumbled into this cheeky little bakery and was in heaven. Good coffee, great baked goods and the most cosy cafe I've been to in Montreal. If you're in the area, make sure you check in.
5	Awesome place, lots of fantastic buttery tarts, pastries, croissants and chocolatines to enjoy and the breads aren't half bad either.
4	OMG! The croissants here are out of this world. The hotel concierge told us about this place and we're so glad we stopped by before we left Montreal. Make sure you try the pistachio almond croissant!!
5	Mamie wins. We've tried quite a few boulangeries in Montreal, and Mamie produces the best breads and pastries, hands down.First, the pastries: I am a pastry addict. The croissants here were named among the best in the city, and they don't disappoint. They have the right consistency of flaky golden crunch outside and buttery soft layers inside. Their chocolatine (pain au chocolate) is outstanding as well. And others here have appropriately raved about the pistachio almond croissants. The chausson aux pommes is delicious and flaky, with just enough sweetness to offset the tart apple.As for breads: I've tried two, the miche and fougasse aux olives. Miche, the traditional French country loaf, is a hearty round made from whole grain flour. Mamie's does it justice. The texture is chewy, the crust has just enough density and depth that helps make this the kind of bread that outlasts your standard baguette by days. The fougasse aux olives, though, is exceptional. These are the "loaves" that are cut through to make a leaf pattern and create something like a loaf of tear-apart breadsticks or an elaborate, oversized pretzel. They are traditionally covered with herbs and similar to a focaccia. This version is studded throughout with whole, pitted, juicy green and black olives. The bread has a nice, soft chew. The first time I brought one of these home, the two of us went through it in a day. We're learning to ration, but I'm not sure I'll ever be able to comment on how it keeps.Their desserts look beautiful and I expect are as delicious. I tried their brownie (nicely dense, with nuts and good cocoa flavor, not too sweet) and 3-chocolate chip cookie (theirs are the floury kind, not as buttery, but also delicious and not too sweet, with great chocolate). they also make a sugar-free chocolate chip cookie I hope to try.The St-Denis location is almost always busy, so grab a number - to your right, before you turn to enter the bakery - and wait for them to call on you. The staff is flawlessly pleasant and helpful.
5	Five stars because this is my favourite bakery in town. Full disclosure - their baked goods make me sigh and perhaps moan I love them so much! I am a huge fan of the square with the almond (paste?) and cranberries and lots of nuts on top (you'll know it when you see it!). It is what I get all the time. I also really enjoy their brownie... I once brought these two items to Toronto for a friend and with every alternating bite we'd declare the one square better than the other and then quickly change our mind! Also, I had no idea that the St Denis location had a beautiful upstairs space!! Looks like a great place to study or relax :)
5	If God weren't already, this bakery could be my religion. Pana cota- bless you. Brie sandwich with walnuts- bless you. Fresh pistachio croissant- bless you.
5	After reading the reviews, I made a special trip over to Mamie Clafoutis last Sunday to try some of their baked goods.  I picked up an enticing looking fugasse aux deux olives, ropes of savoury fresh sourdough bursts at the seams with juicy green and black olives.  All I can say is, wow.  If you like olives, you will love this fugasse. It is chewy, buttery, flavourful, and filled to the brim with delicious juicy whole pitted olives.  It is also the size of a small pizza, so great for pulling apart with friends or family (though you may find yourself fighting over the choicest bits).  My family devoured it within 5 minutes of me walking through the door!
4	First of all, the croissants here are TO DIE FOR.   wow, they are so good.  during my recent trip to Montreal my friend and I came here every day.  Great coffees as well, and their upstairs seating area is cute and a nice area to take a break (I especially like that it's upstairs and thus nice and quiet, unlike most cafes where you are constantly interrupted by the sound of coffee grinding or milk steaming).  My only complaint is how weird the queue is here...it's always crowded, but half the time we were there they were taking numbers (like a deli) and the other half it was just the girls behind the counter saying, "next customer!" maybe there is some secret system that as a non-French-speaking dummy I didn't understand, but it was very confusing to try and figure out how to order every time.
4	Excellent, really excellent butter croissants, which for me (along with a baguette) is the measure of a bakery.  My son, sister-in-law, and I plowed through several croissants and pains chocolat.  The layers were a little thicker than I'm used to, but this gave an interesting texture to the pastries.  Great prices, too -- 1.45 for a butter croissant.You walk in and it is an amazing delight of the senses -- decide what you want before you enter or you'll end up buying much more than you expected, it all looks and tastes so good.  The cafe macchiato was good, as well.
5	This bakery was just fantastic.  Every time we travel and I have the opportunity this is the kind of place I want to go: a real European bakery, not the weird, pseudo-intellectual, "artisanal" interpretation of a European bakery that we are cursed with in the United States.Everything was just delicious and reasonably priced, and I loved the catwalk overlooking the production areas.  My croissants were deliciously light and flakey and the hot chocolate ranks in the top five I've ever had in my life.  I'm sad the Mamie Clafoutis' is hundreds of miles away from me, and too far away to visit for my breakfast every day.
4	You can't come to Montreal and not try a pastry store. I mean you can, but it'd be such a waste. I wanted to get here as early as possible but couldn't get my lazy butt here till 11:30. I was chasing the magic dragon aka the pistachio and chocolate croissant. The is was nice looking bakery with a couple of happy, friendly people working inside. A lot of the pastries were calling out to me but knowing that I had a lot of food to eat that day, I somehow contained myself and only bought the croissant that I came here for. It was HUGE and that made me happy. Even at that time of the day, there was a good crust to the outer layer of the croissant and some flakiness on the inside. The key for me was the balance between the pistachio and the chocolate. It was savory, it was sweet and then it was savory again. Even my wife, who isn't a big fan of chocolate liked this. This place was a last minute addition to my bookmarks after my failed attempt at acquiring a croissant the day before and I'm glad I did. I only wish I had more time on my hands to try more of their delicious baked goodies.
5	This was the second stop in the hunt for the best chocolatine in Montreal. First, the place is huge on the inside! Great store front, with steps to a salon where you can sit and eat OR watch them bake/make the treats below! Really neat. We each had a cappuccino along with the chocolatine. Both were very good! The chocolatine places 2nd in our rankings. I'd go there again.
2	Staying near Mamie Clafoutis for a couple of months, I passed this bakery one day and was tempted by what I saw through the window. Upon entering the shop, I was disappointed upon looking more closely at what they have to offer. When searching on Yelp for some of the best bakeries in the city, I was shocked to find that this ranks so highly. The baked goods here - both breads and sweets - look better than average, but otherwise do not seem remarkable. I am not sure why it is such a hit among locals and visitors alike, though I guess there's no accounting for taste.
5	A must go to place when we are in the neighbourhood. This is my favourite bakery. The almond croissant and the abricotine are superb, but so is everything else. It is a great place to relax, have a coffee and pastry and then buy a delicious bread on your way out. Do not leave without a blue cheese and walnut little baguette!
5	My favourite bakery in Montreal. Great for grabbing a quick pastry and coffee in the mourning s. Giant pastry and bread selection. Quick and friendly service. There is a nice salon on the second floor for eating as well, and you can overlook the kitchen. A bonus is some of the people here are derby fans once you get to know them.
5	We stopped by for what looked good and got an apple turnover with sesame brittle (that chewy sesame and sugar syrup mixture that resembles a Chinese candy), and it was so good. We saved a kouign amann for later eating, but as we have been trying to learn over and over and over again, pastries are best when fresh so don't buy them if you don't think you can finish them. I wish this shop were closer to home... in NY.
5	Came here for a pastry and a sandwich before heading out of town.This place offers a solid selection of fresh breads and pastries at reasonable prices. My chocolate pastry and chicken sandwich were delicious.
5	On my quest for best pastries in Montreal, I had to stop in to Mamie Clafoutis based on all the positive reviews. I must say that I had made way too many pastry stops the previous 4 days and was a bit "sweeted out." However, I was glad we made the round here on our last day in Montreal. I went with the review consensus and got the pistachio chocolate croissant, which was excellent. As someone put it, perfect balance between sweet and savory. We also tried out the apricot cheese danish which was to die for. Unbelievable. Also glad I got my "fruit" in for the day. My only hesitation with the 5-star rating was the ambience. It seemed a little too casual and not as cozy as some of the other bakeries I went to were. The clientele seemed a bit touristy although I don't think that was their doing. I did really like the direct view into the kitchen to see what they were making. But, the pastries were delicious enough to override the ambience. 5 star!
5	superb croissants, coffee, and quiche.
4	Oh the delights you'll find at Mamie-Clafoutis! From freshly baked breads to pastries and some of the tastiest croissants in Montreal, this is a certifiably delicious French bakery. I could gush and rave and rant about how incredible this place is, but you should really just stop by and see for yourself.
3	i go to pastry shops like it is my business. and as a result, i find that i am always hoping for the best and ready for the worst. case in point at mamie clafoutis. cool interior; open kitchen, wood panels, etc. the ordering process is someone confusing as people from behind sometimes move to the counter and start ordering.... *shruglove the upstairs area complete with seating, restrooms, and more seating! the pastries or croissants were very disappointing. edible, these almond and pistachio croissants were, but they didn't have the crispy exterior and soft buttery flaky sheets of dough that exist with the best croissants on this planet. as such, another pastry shop, another disappointment. overall the plethora of seating and pleasant staff push this up to a 3 star.
5	I love it. delicious pastries, and a nice atmosphere. The only downside I'v found is that It's crowded sometimes.
3	I went here as part of my quest for the best croissant in the city. It's pretty darn good. I have yet to find any croissant in this city that blows my mind. So considering that, Mamie Clafoutis may be the front runner.
5	Must stop shop in Montreal. I visited based on positive online reviews in my search for the 'best bakery in Montreal' and I was not disappointed. Mamie Clafoutis St-Denis is extremely easy to find, is in walking distance from centre-ville (if you don't mind walking around town) and the pastries are even more tasty than they look. I picked up a cannele (simply because I saw a picture of on yelp before hand and was intrigued) and a raisin roll.  Both were absolutely delicious! I mean, the way true baked goods are supposed to taste....and if you're used to the typical 'donut shop' pastry, you'll be awakened to a whole new world of amazing breads, sweet doughs and baked goods when you visit. Prices aren't that bad either. Do it!
5	Their chocolate pistachio croissant is to die for. So much better than the over-hyped NYC Buchon Bakery's croissant. Maime's Cannele is the real deal. I've tried a few in NYC bakeries and even a bakery in Paris and none comes as close to Mamie's - the texture is perfect and there's a slight licorish(?) taste to it. Their brioche is light and eggy. My friend who loves brioches and tried many said this one was the best one EVER. I'm coming back to try their coffee and so much more, including the chocolate pistachio croissant again.Update: as promised, went back for plain croissant, pistachio and almond croissant, and drip coffee. My eyes rolled to the back of my head with each bite. I'm glad there isn't a bakery this good near where I live or i would be 400lbs. Service is super friendly too. I tried the classic ham and cheese called le Paris Mamie and they got that right,too because they use their fresh bread and that makes a difference.
2	I desperately needed a coffee so my boyfriend and I stopped by at this bakery since I've been recommended by a friend to come here.It was very confusing at first because I saw that we needed to take a number but it didn't seem like anybody had one and I couldn't find the number machine anywhere. After standing there confused for several minutes, I realized that the machine was on the wall after the first set of doors.I ordered my coffee and decided to get the chocolatine since their croissant was supposed to be super delicious. The coffee was decent - it's quite strong for my taste but I learned to enjoy it. The chocolate croissant was dry, bland and there was barely any chocolate in it.If you want a good chocolate croissant, I would recommend going to Joe's Panini.
5	My sweet tooth was completely soothed here. I ordered the Oh Mon Dieu pastry, and oh mon dieu! It was perfect. Sugary and flaky, filled with the most amazing chocolate filling. If it was still warm, I might have died. So fresh and delicious, I've been dreaming about getting it again. Along with that, I ordered a mochaccino, which was perfectly made. My boyfriend had ordered a plain coffee with milk, and he kept trying to steal mine. The staff was very kind, though we didn't interact much. We ate in the upstairs salon area, where you get a pretty neat view of the bakery below. The mismatched furniture and comfy atmosphere made it such a lovely place to spend the morning. They could have made me sit on the floor and I still would've gone back.
5	Do your stomach a favour and indulge it here. You will love it!A godsend of a bakery. After weeks of struggling to find a great bakery, we stumbled upon this one. Friendly service, even if your French is nearly non existent as mine is. The food is incredible, from the breads to the pastries. I'm a huge fan of the sandwiches and their coffee is made properly. Strong, but not bitter. I love the smell wafting down the street as I bike past every day. Definitely a must go destination if you're visiting. My only complaint is their croissant recipe needs a little work. Other then that though. Such a great find. I applaud their work.
5	I woke up on the last day of my mini-vacay in Montreal and googled "best pastries in Montreal".  This place didn't come up first, but it was the closest to me, so I packed my bags and drove over.  They had just been open for a few minutes and I was the only customer.  I felt suspicious, expecting that more people would be here if it was the "best".  I ordered a cappuccino and a pistachio croissant, then headed upstairs to the lounge to sit.  No one was there.  I got even more suspicious.While I enjoyed my selection in this bright and spacious area, I watched the bakers below in a clean and impressive kitchen.  And, then I saw customers slowly trickle in, one by one, until there were about a 20 people in line.  More folks came upstairs, and I could tell that this place is a Saturday morning ritual for many.The cappuccino was great, just what I needed.  But, the croissant.  This is the real deal.  Its been 3 days since I ate here, and I'm still thinking about it.  And hoping that I'll find a place where I live with something as good.I purchased some plain croissants, chocolate bread, and chorizo/mozzarella bread for the long car ride back to Brooklyn.  The plan was to bring them home to share with my housemates.  That didn't happen.So happy I had a chance to try this place.
5	I never post but I had to because this place is that good. On a weekend trip to Montreal, tried the almond croissant, almond and chocolate croissant, almond pistachio chocolate croissant.  One word....DEEEELICIOUS!!! Had to go back for more on my last day to bring back to the US.  So sad there isn't one of these in the NY/NJ area.
5	OMG!!!! By far the BEST pastries and bread I have EVER had. People in Montreal are so lucky to have this wonderful bakery place. Definitely must give this a try if you are in town. You will not regret it. The pastries just melt in your mouth. I LOVE this place.
5	In my quest for good croissant in Montreal, this place didn't disappoint me.  We had the plain, chocolate, and pistachio which were all good.  The crispy outside and  the soft but with the right among of chew inside, they were awesome.  I cannot stop eating.  Thank goodness this is a mile walking distance from my hotel and Montreal is 7 hours drive from home.  I only wish that I have any discipline in not eat them so fast where I could have take some photos of the yummy goodness.
4	Really good baked goods!This place located in the bustling Rue St. Denis, they also have a seating area that they refer to "Tea Room". The only downside, they need better HVAC system. I understand that it's a bakery and I love the bakery aroma when you walk in the shop. However, if you sit upstairs you will experience somewhat stuffy, and not so welcoming and comfortable sitting area. I still highly recommend this place because they have good croissant and quiches.
5	My favorite bakery in Montreal. Eats/drinks- coffee which was fresh and delicious- croissant was flakey and fresh- chocolate baguette was soft and chewy- cafe au let was good: not even strong as other reviews mentioned - pistachio chocolatine was goodLikes:- staff is friendly- large assortment of fresh baked goods- fresh and fresh- free wifi- comfortable seating upstairs overlooking the kitchen Dislikes:- A bit hot up stairs where the lounge isI'm so glad we found this place and it's around the block from the place we're staying in.
1	Worst croissants i've had in the city so far. Dry and burnt on top of it they were not fresh. Avoid this place not worth it. Tastes like another chain
