5	Very good bank. There very helpful from the moment u walk in. Never had and issue here.
5	Many banks and credit unions promise a lot, but seldom deliver. I shop banks and credit unions from time to time to see which ones deliver on their promises. To date, my #1 pick is AFCU--here's why:(1) Their checking and savings accounts are truly free--no strings attached.(2) Their lending services are flexible.(3) Their online banking is easy to use.(4) They have free online bill pay.(5) You can deposit checks into your account using their app.(6) Their staff is friendly.(7) No lines most the time.(8) The branch manager (Julie) is awesome!(9) And they have over $5 billion in assets--now that's security.AFCU is relatively new to Las Vegas, so they don't have a lot of branches in the valley. That being said, I am a debit card, online banking, deposit via app kind of guy, so that doesn't matter much to me. I have had accounts with City National Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Washington Mutual, Chase, Nevada State Bank, US Bank, Bank of Nevada, and Business Bank of Nevada--I have left each one because they can't deliver and because none of them compare to AFCU!
4	I have been with America First Credit Union for many years ever since they use to be called Community One. This bank has helped me with many services especially loans. They helped me consolidate my bills more then 5 years ago and recently helped me again with a car loan. I have never had any problems with this bank. they offer good services with great interest rates and do all they can to get the help you need.My only problem is, I wish they would build a branch in the west side to accommodate the people who live on this side rather then having to drive 10 miles to get to a branch.
5	I have been with America First Credit Union since 1993 I believe they were Network Credit Union back then. I now use the Las Vegas Shadow Creek Smith's Branch They are the  Best and always helpful with all my banking needs. A-1 Operation.I wish I could give them 10 no 1000 stars.
1	We were recommended by a family friend customer services was great the only down fall is we had applied for a consolidation they told us they would get back to us in one day yet it has been over a week we call and to check the status of our loan and they tell us they will return the call back and we never get a call back from them. Never again doing business with this branch!!
