5	I have used Sharko's catering services at several company functions such as BBQ, awards dinners, holiday parties, etc. They are a full service catering company, specializing in AWESOME! The people are super nice, the food is amazing, and the service is top notch. They have party rentals too, so it's a one stop shop. I can't say enough good things about this company. They have been an amazing addition to my event planning arsenal.
5	I used Sharko's catering for my March wedding this year. They far exceeded all of my expectations. We had them cater Mexican food for the wedding and it was phenomenal; we got a lot of compliments that it was the best wedding food people had ever tasted. We did buffet style and their dishes were very nice and classy. The servers did a great job making sure that everyone's water and wine glasses stayed full.We also rented the tables, chairs, and table cloths from them. They had a lot of options for different linens. They brought the tables the day before the wedding at the time I requested and set them all up with the linens so everything was ready to go the next day. We had our ceremony and reception in the same hall and they went above and beyond and did the whole rearranging in between the ceremony and reception, while serving appetizers in a different area. They were happy to do this and did an excellent job following the rough outline I had drawn. I would definitely recommend Sharko's for any event, as their food and customer service are both great.
1	We were at a wedding last night and sharko's staff was talking so loud that we could not here the minister over them. The staff was very organized and looked like they knew what they were doing. I said looked!  The waiters never bothered to fill my water glass. They didn't clear any plates until the evening was over.           Ok now the food. REALLY bad. First of all the green beans tasted rubbery (which to me means frozen). The mashed potatoes were definitely out of a box. The beef was very dry and could only be eaten if u had the horseradish sauce on it. Ok so I thought to my self well they can't mess up a salad. I was wrong. The lettuce was wilted and the dressing tasted like Kraft.       Recommendation dont us this company if u like good food or good service.
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about Sharkos.  They were fantastic!  My daughter's wedding ceremony and reception were fabulous, and the guests raved about how delicious the buffet was and how professional and pleasant the staff were.Besides providing delicious food at a very reasonable price, they were detailed, punctual, and extremely easy and flexible to work with. Gerard, especially, made sure everything was perfect for the big day.  I would recommend them in a heartbeat, and hope to use them again in future.
5	Incredible service, delicious food, and great value!! The perfect trifecta is Sharko's!For my father-in-law's 70th bday party I decided we needed to have it catered instead of the family doing all the work. I did my research, contacted Curlie (who is amazing) and booked our event. We were not disappointed! We had an open house style meal with four apps and one hot entree. Curlie and Mary set everything up, took great care of us and left us very happy. Best of all, my in laws and all their guests were incredibly delighted with the food too! Fresh fruit, veggie tray, cheese spinach dip (which we ate by the spoonful) and the chicken stir fry.... Seriously good food, and I can be a little picky. We did full service, which was great..... They did all the clean up too!I highly recommend. Not sure what's up with the priority negative review...... Me and our 40 guests truly had nothing but good to say about our experience. One of the guests is also in charge of the HOA holiday party and she is going to book them too! Delicious and i'll very likely use for my mother in law's party next year!!
5	I've had the good fortune of being at a few events that Sharko's catered and I found the food to be amazing both times. The servers were very professional and everything was perfect. The chicken OMG, the ribs were so good, if I was alone I would have wiped out the entire tray of them! I am not in need of catering usually, but there is only one place I would consider calling and thats Sharko's!
