4	Came here with a friend bc she had a restaurants.com certificate. I'm so glad she did. We found a gem in discovering this hole-in-the-wall. At first glance of the menu, we thought we'd have a hard time reaching our minimum of $22.50 for $15 off. The pupusas and tamales were $2 each. By the time we were done ordering and got the bill, we had overdone it and had a bill close to $30. Thank goodness for the coupon. All worth it though and we wouldn't have tried all the dif. things if we limited ourselves!  Seeing as how my friend is Salvadoran, I knew her approval was the icing on the cake.We ordered the following:1) Chicharron con queso pupusa con harina de arroz.The dough of this pork pupusa was made from a rice instead.  It was a little firmer texture than the standard pupusa.  Pretty good. I prefer it softer but still yummy2) Calabaza con queso pupusaShredded zucchini and cheese. Couldn't really taste the zucchini as it was vey mild but good for those of you who want green veggies :). 3) tamale de pollo - my favorite!!! Salvadoran tamales aren't like Mexican tamales. The masa is much softer, moister and smoother (not as grainy). It came with meat and a small piece of potato.  Not sure how much they cost here but back home I've paid $3-$5 for them and this one was certainly the best one. The masa was so well flavored and at $1.80 ea, it is well worth it. 4) Camarones de mojo al ajo-garlic shrimpDefinitely garlicky. You get a small bowl of shrimp in garlic sauce with 2 plain pupusas, beans, rice and salad.  The shrimp was a bit too firm for our liking.  But the sauce was good.5) Horchata SalvadorenaThis horchata is made from a seed called moro instead of using rice.  It was nuttier and almost smoky tasting.  It wasn't sweet at all but apparently it can sometimes be.  My friend gave it a thumbs up.  I thought it was a good change from the Mexican horchata but it's not for everyone.  The waitress was really sweet and let us try a sample first. 6) Nuegados de yuca - friend yuca with sweet custard inside.  At this point I am hitting my limit of being overly stuffed with carbs.  Heck, I don't even know if I got the spanish name right b/c I am so full.  It wasn't as "custardy" as my friend is used to.  It was a bit firmer but you can't beat fried yuca with something sweet inside.  It wasn't overly sweet.7) Empanadas de platano (?) dessert - it was fried plantain with something inside I think and with a brown syrup to dip.  As the first one to review this place, I say go go go to this great little place.  They have specials on pupusas on Weds and Sats.  If you're driving and you're going west on Indian School, there is a good chance you might drive by it.  It's next to a tax service and a discount liquor store or something (it was dark).  If you go east, you can see the name on the side of the building.
1	First clue was when we heard the sound of the microwave in the kitchen. The homemade drinks were okay. The tamales were microwaved from frozen, so scorching hot difficult to tell the taste. The pupusas were fresh made and looked nice, but they had no true flavor. Had to add salt and their salsa to make edible. Not too bad for price - $2 each. If I were to go back and were stuck hungry in the area I would eat pupusas with salt & salsa, but I would hope that wouldnt happen....  Still $20 for two to eat wasted. The staff was friendly.
4	As a Salvadorian I must say, this place is pretty damn good. I've only had the pupusas and quesadilla and they're pretty legit! They're stuffed and flavorful! Restaurants tend to forget that the essence of a pupusa is it being stuffed! Definitely recommend to a friend!
5	Best pupusas in Phoenix.  They have good specials. I bring my family from Cali to eat here too and they say it's pretty good. I love how they stuff it especially with cheese. It's not as greasy as the other pupusas restaurants.  Don't expect this place to be fancy but that's one of the things I can appreciate....focus more on the food rather then the place.
4	I've only tried their pupusas and they're the real deal! Super delicious and the menu prices are amazing! Great deals on pupusas also. The cashiers are always very nice and friendly. I took my fiance' there because he had never had pupusas and now he's hooked ;) Try it out, you won't be disappointed!
