5	We've had some bad experiences with dog walkers in Pittsburgh. We have been very happy with Jen and Mathew, they're reliable and very professional.  They clearly love dogs and treat our boy well while respecting our training wishes. They keep a journal for our dog at our house so we know what happened on the daily stroll (since his bowel movements are of utmost importance).  We have a busy schedule that frequently changes, they are very accommodating and can come for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  The pushover for us was they care for him when we go out of town, he had the best time staying with them.
5	These folks are the best. The notebook that they leave, and fill out every visit, is probably the best thing I read all day. They seem to really love animals and have fun doing what they do, and I know my dog is as happy as can be when they visit (and he's pretty much afraid of everyone/everything else in the world).
5	DogGoneWalking is terrific! Dependable and great with our Westie. I love the notes they leave about their visits.
5	Dog Gone Walking has been walking our French Bulldog, Lincoln, for about 2 years now. The entire DGW team is amazing. They go above and beyond for Lincoln and treat him like one of their own. They walk him and play with him, and even take care of his unique Frenchie needs in the extreme heat. They leave us notes in a journal keeping us posted on how the walks go.They're also very accommodating with our crazy schedule. We love DGW so much that we've even recommended them to friends. If you're looking for a dog walker in the city, DGW is the company you should go with. They're awesome people who you can trust to treat your pup with as much love and attention as you do. They are the best and you shouldn't think twice about hiring them! :)
5	This company rocks! We had no worries knowing they were caring for our pooches. They were diligent and detailed with their care.  We will definitely use them again and our dogs look forward to it too!
5	Dog Gone Walking is the best. I can't express how much I want more than 5 stars here. Mathew's daily notes are 5 stars. The level of service and care are another 5.
5	Dog gone walking has been a life saver ever since we got our rescue dog, Mindy, in September. They are so easy to communicate with and are very flexible with scheduling. They give our shy dog the appropriate attention she needs. I love the documentation they leave! Prices are some of the best in the city. Hope to stay with them for as long as we're in Pittsburgh!
