4	Sucks that they aren't on the strip.  But it's also a good thing.The customer service here was outstanding.  Every employee was always willing to help, and with a smile on their face.I wish the restaurant had a few more food options, but other than that, the food is good.The pool was a bit cold for me, but when it was 97 degrees, and once you got in, it wasn't that bad.The hot tub wasn't hot enough for me.  Seemed only luke-warm.The room was huge and very clean.I would definitely stay here again.
5	Beautiful hotel, very close to the strip. We got a huge discount on our room from some travel website. The suite rooms are gorgeous, 400-thread-count pillows and a huge bed with more pillows and fluffy sheets. Two TVs, also a pull-out couch. Free ice-cold water by the elevators with pieces of fruit inside. Their fitness center was fun, too. There were baskets of fruit and huge Aquafina bottles of water. Some of the TVs in there didn't work, which made me sad. Customer service was also excellent. Every single employee was smiling and ready to help. One of the best places I've ever stayed at.
2	I was a guest at the Marriott Suites,  I went to visit their Las Vegas Property the Marriott Chateau Vacation Club.  I pre paid for a suite in off season 200.00 USD.  I was expected to visit their vacation club property, SADLY when I got there no one new I was supposed to be there,  our reservation at the hotel was lost even though we had out confirmation number,  The Representative at the Marriott Suites had no idea who we were and when we arrived at the "Show Location" they were dumbfound that we actually showed.  Our "ALL SUITES PRIMER HOTEL"  gave us towels with HOLES.......  SOUND FAMILIAR?  Read some of my other reviews....  Beyond everything, our CC was charged for 544.51  We prepaid for our room at a discounted price the hotel charged us the "GOING RATE" 344.25  PLUS 50.00 USD PER DAY IN INCIDENTALS, the initial charge was taken in Jan, we charged nothing to the room and yet they slammed us for charges that we did not incur.  When I called and asked for an explanation I was told it was a MISTAKE.  The whole trip was a MISTAKE.  I was told I would would be contacted by a rep from the sales dept about the Vacation club...  NEVER HAPPENED.  I was told I would be contacted by the GM to explain over charges and return of fees (NSF) attached by my bank for the "MISTAKE" caused by the Front desk agent, NEVER HAPPENED!  I LOVE LV  I will never stay with a Marriott property again.  I thought that in this time of financial crumble hotels would be ecstatic to have guests.
4	I stayed at the hotel for a week on business. The room was very big with a comfy bed and had all the basic amenities. I like having an in room fridge that is separate from the mini-bar. Service was excellent and room service was quick and the food was good, although on the pricey side. Dinner can easily exceed $40. Good thing the company was picking up the tab, otherwise I would not have ordered it.The hotel has a parking garage that was very easy to get in and out of which is better than the typical parking lot mazes that most hotels have.The only downside were the towels. Felt like they didn't use fabric softener. I generally stay at Marriott hotels, but this particular one was better than average and felt more upscale.
4	This is a nice, quiet alternative to the crazy casino/hotels on the Strip. The room had a huge plush bed and a nice sitting room area.
4	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. It is a half block from the convention center, next to my favorite Vegas Resturant--Pieros--and no casino. I find that when on business, the casino thing with hotels is a big pain in the ass. Walking a mile to your room at the end of a long day is just not fun. The place is quiet, attentive; has an adequate bar and great little restaurant for breakfast and dinner. The rooms are very nice, the beds are heavenly and the room you get with the suite thing is a lot more than you really need. The only complaint I could find would be the towels. They are typical hotel towels that are too rough and small for my taste. But, that's it If you are looking just for a great place to stay without the casino thing, try this one. And go to Piero's next door. Old Vegas and fantastic food!
4	I like this hotel alot. Our room was very clean. It had a lil living room area with a tv and a bedroom. good size. the bed was sooo comfy, the sheets were sooo soft... i was soo tired from a Fri nite out in vegas, that I didnt even wanna leave the comfy bed to go out on a Sat nite... can u believe that?! On a Sat nite in vegas, I prefer to be in a comfy bed, than to be out and enjoy the nightlife... In the morning, they have free coffee in the lobby for their guest. They also had flavored cream, which is a big plus for me! most place give u the plain ol' cream - YUCK! The only thing i didnt like was that it was kinda far from the strip... i guess u can walk it, but not when u go there during the summer.... who the hell wants to walk that far in that vegas heat?!!?!?! NOT ME!!! And their wasn't much places to eat around that hotel... we didnt have a car, so our feet and the cabs were our transportation. But these damn cabs are too pricey! I would stay at this place again but only if I have a car.
1	I stayed here for a business trip his past August. My reservation had a special rate, but the front desk lady would not let me check-in because I didn't have the proper ID to secure the rate. I informed her my coworker who would be arriving, would have the proper ID and paperwork for both our rooms. She said there was nothing she could do. So I sat and waited in the lobby for 45 minutes for my coworker to arrive. As soon as my coworker arrived, another front desk associate was helping him and didn't ask for any ID or paperwork at all. My coworker is also a Marriott Rewards member, either silver or gold, so he was being treated very well. I come up behind my coworker and start talking to him and all of a sudden the lady who would not let me check in says she was looking for me and would've let me into the room and checked ID later. Well lady, I was sitting in the lobby the whole time and not once did you ever make an effort to look for me. YOU ARE A LIAR and full of BS. Not to mention, you never checked for ID or paperwork later. This experience made me appreciate Hilton Hotels so much more. They have never hassled me and not let me check-in with the special rate. The rooms themselves were very nice, but I would never come back here because of the way I was treated.
3	Used points to stay here for part of my trip.  The room was kind of dirty but spacious.  The staff was very nice and helpful!  Taught the bartender how to make a proper espresso martini-super nice guy!!!  Gym is pretty good for a marriott!  It's not close to anything but the monorail is a block away.
1	run by assholes.  major plumbing issues.  where do I begin?We were staying on a Friends & Family Discount and had the same issue as Cindy G.  Bitchy front desk woman wouldn't let us check in for our discount rate room despite the fact that we were told earlier this wouldn't be a problem.  She then delivered a monologue about how these are $400 rooms that they are giving us for an incredible deal so we should be extremely grateful they even allowed us to stay here.  What kind of a "welcome to our hotel" is that??  If they don't want to honor those discounts, then don't!  Why the hell would they provide a discount only to make the customer feel like a freakin' leech for using it??  Ridiculous.Now for the plumbing situation... After a day out, we returned to our room to find the bathroom covered in bubbles.  Seriously.  Bubbles several inches thick covering the whole bathroom floor.  They looked like soap bubbles but smelled like sewage.  We determined that they were coming from the toilet.  Clearly, there was a major problem with the plumbing.We called the front desk, informed them of the situation and asked to be transferred to a different room because we needed to shower and get ready for a Cirque show that was starting in a few hours. The woman at the desk acted shocked about the bubbles and said she'd check on a new room and call us right back.  We waited... When the repair person came, he also tried to act surprised but when he called in for more help we heard him say "yea, it's worse than yesterday"... hm....  We asked him also if we could get a new room.  Only then did we get a response.About an hour after the ordeal began, we were all set in our new room.  By that time, we were running really late for our show and asked if the hotel could provide a taxi given that their plumbing issue caused our delay.  They were such jerks!  The front desk man told us that because we had a discount rate, we should just be grateful that we were given a new, non-sewagebubble covered room because they could easily get more money for our room if they wanted.  WHAT?!?  Bitch, we paid for a room using YOUR discount program!  Is part of that program to treat paying customers like lowly free-loaders?  Should we also be using the service entrance? Again, why are you offering this discount if you resent it so much??Whatever, so we'll pay for our own taxi. At 6:00pm, we ask if they can call for one to pick us up at 6:30.  They say yes it will be there.  At 6:30, we ask where our taxi is because it's not there, and also half the hotel is out front angrily waiting for late taxis.  Front desk woman snaps that they do not call cabs until the entire party is downstairs and ready so she will only call for one now.  Huh?  We were told 30 minutes ago that there would be a taxi for us at 6:30.Whatever, so we continue waiting.  We start laughing at what jerks they are when another customer hears us talking about the bubbles and says "wait you guys had bubbles too?  what floor?  I was on the 16th floor and had the same problem yesterday!"  We tell her we're on the 2nd floor and a different customer says, "hey I'm right across from you guys and I've been smelling that awful sewage, what is going on??"Long story short: the hotel clearly has a plumbing/sewage issue.  They obviously know about it.  They rent out the rooms anyway.  When the issue manifests itself, they act like they knew nothing about it and then try to make anyone staying on a discount feel guilty for being given the privilege of staying in their shit-smelling sewage room.By this time, it's 6:45, there's no taxi, and our show starts at 7.  The bellhop tells us we're better off driving and gives us the best route to go.  Thanks, friendly bellhop!  With your route and a quick sprint through the MGM grand, you are the ONLY reason we made it to our show a mere 2 minutes late!  Much appreciated.  No thanks to the front desk people who couldn't care less about...well... anything.Other signs of the plumbing issue:The sink spurted out bubbly water just about every time it was turned on.  It was like the pipes were filled with air.The shower took a good 5 minutes to get warm in both of our rooms.Bottom line: the management staff is beyond rude.  They made us feel like we were trash because we had a Friends & Family Discount, they refused to help us out when we lost time because of their plumbing issue, and they tried to act like they didn't know about it when clearly they were having problems all over the hotel.  Do not stay with these jackasses.  Your room will smell like sewage, and they will tell you to be grateful for it.(note: the housekeepers, bellmen, and repair people were all extremely kind and helpful!  They ought to be the ones running the place, not the rude bastards behind the front desk.)
1	4.23.2011  My car was vandalized here last night.  No parking lot cameras, no security.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  I am a Platinum Elite member and really disappointed in the overall handling of the situation.
5	My wife and I decided last minute to go to Vegas and struggled to find an economical hotel near the center of the strip (we were going for a concert at the Cosmopolitan). We decided to stay at the Las Vegas Marriott due to the inexpensive price for a saturday night (in vegas terms)We didn't know what to expect when we arrived but when we did, WOW! We were blown away with the speedy check-in, pleasant greeting and the room was well beyond our expectation for the amount we paid for one night! We both looked at each other when we initially walked into the room and both had the same thought, "we need to stay here from now on! forget the strip!"Will stay here again soon!
4	My wife and i stayed here Oct. 7/8 in town for a concert. We wanted to find a hotel off the strip and we were very pleased with this hotel. The room was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. When I called a few days before to confirm our room and spoke with Pua Nani. She was very helpful and I had told her we were coming to town for my wife's birthday. After checking in we were pleasantly surprised that she had sent us a bottle of Champagne to our room. Thank You so much, we will definitely be staying with you on our next get away!!
1	Horrible customer service (Jonathan Davis) from the moment we walked in, probably b'cuz we disrupted his knitting.  He refused me the gov't rate b'cuz I was not there for business, which is a first that I've experienced fr any hotel.  We left & stayed @ another hotel.  DON'T STAY HERE; there r way too many hotels to choose from with good customer service than this one!  If this is how they treat their "GOLD" members,  imagine if ur not.  Ugh!!
3	For a Marriott its just alright. One of the TV's in my room didn't work sometimes. Beds are very nice, shower/tub is old and outdated. The breakfast buffet is great, but even better if you have status with Marriott. The staff is fantastic, exactly what Marriott installs in their employees.  The gym is small. Nice pool. The location is nice and convenient for the strip and convention center.
4	Gorgeous rooms with a "suite" effect- French door separate the bedroom from the sitting area. Large "kitchen counter" with coffee maker and mini fridge. Large bathroom with walk-through doors to bedroom/sitting area. Cute little vanity area outside the bathroom which this woman appreciates! Do my hair and makeup while he's in the bathroom showering or doing whatever. 2 large TVs, one in the bedroom easily viewed from the bed and one in the sitting area. Lots of information about local attractions, including a lot of helpful tips for navigating The Strip. Front desk staff helpful and friendly. Fitness center a bit small but includes most of the necessary equipment. Coffee and water in the morning in the lobby. For an impromptu trip to Vegas on a budget- this place fit the bill nicely! Close enough to the Strip to walk and catch the bus that runs up and down the strip. Or, a Taxi ride from Freemont Street back to the hotel was $24. GREAT Marriott, decent location, EXCELLENT rooms.
4	I am a Platinum member at Marriott. I stay at Marriott all the time because of the service expectation and this hotel did not disappoint.Was in Vegas for the Builders Show and wanted a non-gaming hotel close to the convention center and this fit the bill. A bit pricy but well worth the money. I believe all the rooms are suites, ours was. Very roomy, well apportioned and comfortable.The staff was attentive and friendly. The breakfast buffet was nice (included for premium members since they do not have a concierge lounge, which is kind of a draw back.)Hotel is within walking distance of the convention center, several casinos and restaurants.I will definitely be back next year.
4	I stayed here for one night on a business trip. The hotel is a few large blocks away from the strip, so not incredibly close. But for a business trip, this place is in the right location. It was incredibly quiet--no lousy, unruly, drunken idiots format he strip stumbling in at 3:00 in the morning. The majority of the clientele were on business. I was given a free upgrade because of my member status.The clerks at the front desk were incredibly nice and helpful during my stay, as were the bellhops in flagging down a taxi. Since I didn't have much spare time, I like that they have a bar/restaurant downstairs. The bartender, Justine, was amazing. And Keith (one of the general managers?) came over and chatted with me for a few minutes when he saw I was from San Francisco (Go Niners!) and offered his gratitude for picking their hotel.The gym is pretty small--much smaller than the photos (with mirrors!) make it look on their website. But it sufficed.The room was clean and spacious. Comfy beds, and very quiet.My only complaint, which I have with other Marriotts as well, is the expensive breakfast buffet. I'm a bagel w/cream cheese, banana, and coffee-type girl in the morning. I don't want to pay $20 for a breakfast buffet when I barely eat $5 worth of food. And there isn't a Starbucks or anything of the like nearby to go grab a quick muffin. I pilfered some apples from the gym and had a granola bar in my purse.But overall, a good experience.
1	I have a silver elite Marriott member, so it is not my first time at the rodeo making an online reservations.   The front desk was beyond anything i have ever experienced at a Marriott.  Would not give me the room that I booked, said it was not available and then tried to tell me I booked it through AAA.  Even after I accessed my laptop at the front desk and showed them the type of room that they advertise they REFUSED to do anything.  No accountability, nothing was offered to me for their mistake, it was really infuriating as I had 2 teenage boys with me and I was given one queen bed, really front desk lady, I booked that type of room?  I don't think so.  The hotel is in desperate need of new carpeting, it is disgusting.  Pool is like  Motel 6, I wasn't expecting a big Las Vegas hotel, exactly why I stayed here but I will not be back, very disappointing.  Seems many have had similar rude front desk experiences, and yes, it makes one want to try out those Hilton hotels and rack up some honors points with them.  Embassy Suites is a few blocks away, next time I will book there
5	Great front desk staff and the rooms are cozy and nice. You can tell they have been upgraded. Great view of the Strip as well.
4	Stayed here for 1 night recently to attend a trade show at the convention center and had a great experience.  We arrived 5 hours before check-in and took a chance that they'd have a room ready - they did!  Complimentary coffee in the lobby in the mornings; icy cold lemon water all day (a lifesaver after the short but desperately hot walk from the convention floor).  All the rooms here are little 2-rm suites and super cute.  The bed was unbelievably comfy and I had the best night's sleep, I was sorry to leave it. Every time you re-enter the lobby, the staff at the front desk welcome you back - although they're clearly trained to do so, they delivered it in a way that seemed sincere and it felt nice. The rates were fantastic for a last minute Sat night stay; the pool is small but  - well, at least they have one, I don't know how people live in the heat out there!Off the beaten path, but still well within walking distance to the strip (for the able-bodied or rascal-equipped) and a nice quite casino-free respite from it as well.Definitely going back.
2	Place is okay we stayed for a pot luck the staff wasn't happy because we accommodated the hall but that's what it's for right?!?
3	Rooms are good but we had some problems with checking in the and at that time the desk lady was not friendly at all. We just arrived after a 14 hours flight and she could not check our info properly and it took really long. We took our first burger of the vacation here and this was a really good one!Room was nice and location is oke. Walk distance to the strip
5	This place was amazing! Stayed at this Marriott for a concert and could not believe how great the customer service was!  Started with a warm welcome from John at the front desk. When we arrived at the hotel late Friday we found we weren't feeling all that great. We brought some soup along and once there discovered we didn't have a microwave in the room. The manager for the night, Scott, took us to a place with two microwaves so we could warm our comfort food. Once finished Scott also offered bowls and soup spoons!  We didn't think it could get any better than our first day but the next morning we met Geraldo in the restaurant for breakfast and he shared places outside of Las Vegas we could experience, (since we aren't much of gamblers more concert goers). Finally, we met our housekeeper and requested additional coffee for the room and she was happy to accommodate. Next time we go to Vegas this is definitely where we will stay. In terms of the room we were on the 11th floor, the room was spacious clean. The beds in the rooms are extremely comfortable making a very restful sleep.
4	Staying here for CES. It's a perfect 5 min or less walk to LVCC. This hotel wii be the best choice if you want to avoid the taxi line at Casino Resort. The mini suite room, free gym, free parking, in-room coffee, free coffee station in the hotel lobby.
5	A perfect break from traveling if one doesn't want to stay in the noise and bustle of the strip.   Every single person working there from the front desk staff to the housekeeping folks were professional, welcoming and acted as if they were thrilled we had arrived.  We had a lovely one-bedroom suite on the 16th floor.  Immaculately clean.  Well-appointed with comfortable seating areas and enough room to spread out.The bed was stupidly comfortable with crisp linens and the trademark huge comforter. (I love those beds)Justine was running the bar area the afternoon we were in.  We'd dragged in off the road looking for a spot to watch the football playoffs.  She is the perfect combination of professional yet personable and made sure everyone was taken care of.Breakfast the next morning was equally good.  Great food, same level of attention from the wait-staff.So yes, we'd stay here any trip through Vegas.  It's great.
4	We stayed here for two nights while waiting for an opening at the Marriott Grand Chateau.  The lobby is TINY, and the restaurant/bar area was packed since we arrived as the big Con/Agg conference was wrapping up, so the bar was full of loud, sweaty, likely drunk representatives from the expo across the street. It just felt a bit chaotic coming in, so our first impression was not the best.However, our suite was very nice, and beautifully decorated. Even with this being closing night of that conference, our room was very quiet and peaceful. We ordered a bottle of wine to be sent up and it was perfectly chilled. The cleaning service was prompt.  I minus one star because there is no concierge lounge, but I will say the breakfast option in the morning was very nice, and they were very kind to our young daughter. Additionally, the pool area was very disappointing, especially for Las Vegas. And the location is pretty sub-par, though there is only a 5 minute walk to the monorail (which I can not believe is $5 per trip now) to access the Strip. Also, I do miss the regular amenities of a larger Marriott property like a Starbucks or restaurant.  However, being that the staff was so nice, the room well-appointed, and the breakfast included with being Platinum Elite, I was overall very happy with our brief stay at this location.
4	Stayed here two nights recently (June 2014). Really a Good place to unwind. Rooms are spacious and comfortable. No concierge level so they commped breakfast. The pool area is small but really nice. A good business hotel. Away from the strip but still just a short cab ride there. I will stay again.
4	This was a decent hotel to stay at if you want to sleep at a quiet hotel away from the strip. It will cost you about $10 at least to go to he north of the strip; it's not the most commute friendly, but is nice and quiet. The rooms are nice - a queen room also had a couch and a chair and a little kitchen area. The pool is extremely small, so I didn't even go there. You can also take the monorail from here but it's at least an 8 minute walk to get there. I'd stay somewhere else if you have other options.
5	Stayed here two days for a work meeting, so I can speak to both the accommodations and meeting facilities.This might be the nicest Marriott I've ever been to. Every single staff person I interacted with from the front desk to bartender to banquet folks were remarkably polite and helpful--on par with the level of service I'd expect in an elite hotel. My room was a very nicely furnished king bed suite. The desk and chair were very comfortable and the in-room beverage choices included three different teas--English breakfast, a darjeeling and chamomile. You almost never get so much selection if you're a tea drinker and this was a lovely touch. The complimentary toiletries are lovely and I found the bed very comfortable.Best of all, there's no casino in this hotel so it's a nice respite from the noise and smoke on the Strip. If I find myself in Vegas again, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here.Word to the wise, though: cab here to/from airport should be no more than $15. I got majorly ripped off when my cab from the airport purposefully took us way out of the way to triple the fare. Also, it's unlikely you'll be able to quickly hail a cab from this location, so do ask the concierge to call a cab.
5	I'll make this quick... I stayed here for a work trip the second time in 3 months.Room was ready, no lines, everything clean and comfy.  Everything worked.No issues.I left my glasses in my room, called them up the next day.  They found them and shipped them back to me... for FREE!!!! A+ Service.
4	Upon calling to reconfirm our reservation the agent was not too helpful as she seemed irritated that we had called. We arrived early, John (front desk agent) was very helpful upon check in. He assisted with early check in. Which we appreciated very much after a long drive. We had arrange to leave keys and added our parents name on the second room. John had added their names in the system and had the keys set aside. Upon our parents arrival, they were given an occupied room by another agent , their ID were even checked and still given someone's else room. Luckily the other guests weren't in their room. Agent didn't seemed too concerned that we were given an occupied room. The housekeeper was great, our room was cleaned thoroughly. One thing that was somewhat appalling was the price of two small water bottles from room service was $10 plus $4.95 for crv??!!! We could have bought 3 24-cases of water. Other than that we enjoyed our stay. It was convenient and the rooms definitely met our expectations.
3	If you are looking for a true full service Marriott this is the WRONG PLACE. They simply removed "Suites" from Marriott Suites" and did not change the hotel at all. There is NO Concierge Lounge for  the loyal business traveler.  There don't appear to be room upgrades for elite members because "all room are the same". In all fairness Mr. Marriott, add "Suites" back to the name and don't fool others like you did this Lifetime platinum member.
5	Stayed at this hotel with a large group last weekend.  The staff from sales to house cleaning was tremendous.  They took care of the groups needs and then some!  The ballroom on the top floor has a nice view and is great for groups under 120 people.  Easy parking that is free!  Close to the strip, but not to close when you have minors in the group.    Can't recommend this hotel enough!
1	Huh where to start. Lot of things went wrong here and they clearly are the worst Marriots I have ever been in. I am a Platinum elite member but wasn't treated like one at all here and also the fact that there is no concierge lounge does bode well with the said point. The staffs for the most part were courteous but there was this one bar attender and I felt like she was kinda racist to me. This one incident where I had to step away from the bar and the very next moment she had me chase down the hallway and stopped the elevator to question me where I was going etc. etc. Come on this ain't no place for dine and dash. I felt horrible in front of all those people. Only upside was that the room they gave me was spacious but again they gave me a queen instead of a King. Never again, I am going to stay away from Marriott's and I think Spg s are much better in caring for there elites.
5	One of the best Marriotts I have stayed at - I am an Elite member. Rooms are extremely nice and spacious. Internet is free for Elite members. Comparable to a junior suite at one of the casinos. Sitting area and bedroom both with TVs. It is quiet and not too far from the Strip. If you have a DD then it's a quick drive and parking is free everywhere. Otherwise it's a short walk to the monorail which takes you right to the Strip. The best part is that it's cheap on the weekends compared to the nice casinos. We've already been back a couple of times.
5	I am currently staying here on a business trip and can highly recommend this property. I can imagine when there is a show at the nearby convention center it can be pretty busy. There is no activity now so things are pretty quiet. Parking is easy with a garage behind the hotel.Check in was very friendly, efficient, and professional. The front desk could not have been more helpful and as a bonus I was supplied with 2 bottled waters. There is a dining area and lounge and service there was wonderful as well. After arriving late I ate on premises and was perfectly satisfied with my dinner.Room set up is very comfortable with a separate living area and bedroom. There is a fridge, and sink as well. Two large screen TVs are a bonus as is the wide selection of channels unlike strip hotels.Their fitness center is clean and well equipped. Lastly complementary coffee in the lobby is a plus.If you are looking for an off strip quiet hotel this is the place for you for either business or pleasure.
