3	Nothing screams "authentic" quite like a pizza place with an Irish name, right? Well, inauthentic though it may be, PMs is a nice concept and I enjoy the pizzas now and then. The idea of "take and bake" is a fun one and does allow for the cost to stay low while the quality high.  I enjoy that everything is prepared in front of you. My criticism about PMs pizzas are that they tend to be really greasy and sometimes the crusts aren't as even in thickness as they could be - leading to weird cooking times (hence 3 stars and not 4). I'm not sure what sort of cheese combo causes the particular greasiness, but it's nothing a little paper napkin doesn't solve. If you like a thin-ish crust and lots of options with a bit of a change from the standard chain pizza fare, Papa Murphys is the place to try. Yum.
4	I would give it a 5 for flavor and service! It looses 1 star for not posting their hours anywhere online and even when you call there is no answering machine. That seems really backwards to me and annoying, you also can't order online. In this day and age that is crucial. They do make an excellent Pizza when ever they do decide to open which seems like between 11am and 11:30 or when ever they get around to it I guess.
1	This review is strictly based on the Sun Prairie location and is only a review on the service received, not the food. I have had Papa Murphy's pizza at other locations and the pizza was good. Unfortunately at this location I wasn't given a chance to get a pizza. I walked into the store at 5 minutes to 8pm. 8pm is when they close. Not only did my phone, my car, and my watch indicate that it was before 8pm but the actual clock inside the store was showing 7:55. I soon as I walked into the restaurant I was told that they were closed even though there was another customer in the store getting a pizza as well. You don't even bake the pizza! How much effort would it have been to take one more order and make one more pizza? The total transaction could have been done and it still probably wouldn't have been 8! It's not like the store had already been cleaned and it would have been a hassle to reopen everything. I would have been completely understanding of that. There are a lot of pizza options in sun prairie. Go there.
