2	I haven't been to a lot of casinos, but it didn't take much to figure out that this one is nothing special.  If you want penny slots, this is your place.  If you want video poker, any sort of table games, or anything else, keep looking, because you won't find it here.  The ENTIRE place is penny slots, dime slots, quarter slots, etc.
1	I thought Ho-Chunk was bad, this is even worse. Where do I start? When I walked in the place, I was greeted by a gross stench of smoke and welfare. The clientele here look like depressed, down on their luck dejected humps as the gamble away the months last welfare and social security dimes. I'm no stranger to the gambling hall, but I've never seen so many pajama clad people in one place. Bring back the gambling of old!!! What happened to looking like you could afford to drop a few? The slots are tight... so tight that I'd have a better chance being seen on the town w/ Mila Kunis before winning anything here. The staff is useless as a broken compass. When the changer machine broke, I waited for nearly an hour to be helped. When I finally did get service, the employee was as personable as my soiled undershorts. How about a smile? Smiles make us forget how bad we've just been spanked. If you like good food, don't eat here. The prices are insane, and the taste is even worse. I paid 8 dollars for a piece of fish that resembled a lightly breaded carp, 3 french fries and a salad smaller than my wallet was after 2 hours in this place. "Free" soda is available. The Pepsi should be called "brown water" since the Ho-Chunk likes to skimp on the syrup. Comps?? Just like DeJope's big brother.... None. DeJope "a little Vegas in Madison" It would have been cheaper to fly to Vegas where at least I could drink and play more than computerized slots. More like "a little taste of ghetto gambling in Madison."
1	We were there only 15 minutes, and felt like our money was stolen. How can you play quarters, 3 credits, which is 75 cents but when you get a credit, you get 3 cents, or 10 cents or 18 cents? Isn't a quarter a quarter? And how can you put in a 5 dollar bill in a quarter machine, hit play 1 credit, and only get to play 3 times and then be told you only have 15 cents left??? When we questioned this, we were told, it's like "Bingo" if 2 people have the same card, you don't both get the jackpot, you have to split it. What does Bingo have to do with slot machines? The woman telling us this, thinks we are stupid and we believed that crap, when actually,  what a bunch of bull. We immediately left. We fell extremely ripped off!!!
1	Don't waste your time.  Slots are tight, the help doesn't wanna be there, and the indians are hell to work for.Why visit a place like that?  Save up and goto Vegas.
2	Why this place has Class II slots I will never figure out, but it's really hurting their reputation. These machines are actually aiding you in the playing of BINGO, and the graphics, bonuses, and theatrics are there for show. Each machine has a BINGO card on it, and when you hit "spin" that actually starts a game of BINGO. If you hit a BINGO, you win something (the amount depends on some other factor I'm not familiar with, but it doesn't have clear logic behind it). If not, you don't win. Sometimes 25+ bingo balls are drawn. Sometimes there's less than 10. It's really dumb and I can imagine the house advantage being close to 15% for these machines (normal slots run around 8%, with blackjack running 0.5%!). There is a poker room here (electronic poker) but I haven't done that so I can't comment on it.The usual HCG free pop policy still holds here, and there are several machines located around the property. Because it's technically BINGO, this casino is open to 18 year olds and up, and thus does NOT serve booze.Unless there is some great promotion or a good band or something, I wouldn't come here. It's hard to win or even have fun when you see you hit a BINGO on the machine but only get 10% of your original bet back. Drive the extra hour up to the dells and play the tables or the real slots.
