5	If you've got a 2- to 6-year-old, here's your school! The Paradise Valley-area schoolday includes attentive lessons based on Maria Montessori's educational philosophy, picnic-style lunchtimes and a deeply shaded porch and yard for playing and more learning.My daughter enjoys her days, and we enjoy feeling good about it.
5	Our child has been a student at Community Montessori for two years now, and he loves it.  Janet and her staff are wonderful.  They are very knowledgable, and very loving.  We are happy to be a part of this Community.
5	Our son attended this school for the past three years.  I can't say enough good things about Community Montessori School.  The group of women who teach here truly feed the intellect, nurture the spirit, and love the child!  I am grateful for their service!
1	I have a son and a daughter who have attended Community Montessori School for the last 14 months. It is a one room school house with 4 teachers and less than 30 children. There is a teacher for the outside activities, and 3 that stay inside. The school is clean and orderly. The children eat a home packed lunch outside (weather permitting) provided by the parent. There is an emphasis on proper nutrition and appropriate lessons given on this topic. Parents are expected to donate  fresh fruit/veggies/ juice/etc,  and if your still naps, you will be given school laundry duty approx every 6 weeks.  The tuition for the private school is a little higher than other private schools in the area once all the extra fees are factored in. The reason for the low rating is because of the issues my family encountered due to the head teacher authoritative attitude and inflexible demeanor. There are two very good teachers (Jocelyn and Helen) at this school, however the attitude of the boss typically sets the tone and environment of any workplace and that is absolutely the case for this one room school house.  The school is academically strong. My children learned a lot at their time at the school.  They often came home talking about their day, their friends, and the new lessons they learned. I also made it a point to reach out to the teachers and ask how the kids were doing frequently. We always received feedback. When there were struggles the teachers were always willing to discuss and provide alternatives.  My experience was, as long as we took the advice from the head teacher, then things were ok, but if we did not conform, then it was her way or the highway -  there was no flexibility.  For example, after a particularly difficult couple of weeks, when my  children were struggling with proper behavior, the head teacher thought it best to have my son hold her pocket for the entire afternoon. He had to literally hold her pocket,  and could only go where she went, except for bathroom breaks. At this point my son shut down and did not want to engage in learning. I felt the practice of "shamming" a  4 year old into compliance was inappropriate.  I would have preferred a more respectful way to discipline him for the behavior.  My husband and I discussed many times with the head teacher, and tried to brainstorm different ways to get my children to think about their behavior. I explained that an un-nurturing attitude would not work with a sensitive 4 year old.  The holding onto a teachers pocket, harsh tones, and taking away a school birthday party for typical 3&4 year old behavior only demonstrates shaming,  and does not respect their feelings, or their struggles to learn the appropriate behavior. We decided to finish out the school year and look for a new private school for the fall. Upon advising the school that we would  not be attending the summer sessions, or the following year, our children were ignored;  and we were  talked about, by the head teacher,  to other parents behind our back.   I had purposely held off on my online review until the last day of school because I was concerned of backlash. Looks like my instincts were right, as our last 30 days at this school has been marred with hostility.   I believe this behavior to be petty and unprofessional, which is why my rating is a 1 and not higher.  I would not recommend this school based on my experience.
1	Owner is too bossy and inflexible. She has an "I know everything" attitude and tends to be disrespectful to the parents. She offers zero scholarship or any type of financial assistance for preschool, but expects all the parents to do whatever she tells them to do. Her expectations for a 4 year old are often unreasonable and her discipline methods are questionable at best - her favorite way to discipline is to raise her voice to the point of yelling, and she has also yelled at me when I asked her normal questions that a paying customer would have. She doesn't like to be questioned and does not accept any form of constructive criticism. I have met several parents, since I removed my child from this school, who have either removed their children or decided not to send their children to this school due to Janet's overall bossy and disrespectful attitude. I believe that the school year is hard as it is - no need to add stressful situations or people in the mix. There are other Montessori and Chartered schools in this area. I recommend doing your research and making sure you can put up with Janet before you sign your one (or more) year commitment to this school.
5	Community Montessori is just that a "community." To me, communities are a place where different personalities of families and perspectives are integrated into a supportive environment. The teachers and owner here are vested in the wellbeing and success of the children and they are more than willing to go the extra mile to serve the individual needs of each child they teach. I've had two different kiddos enrolled at CMS for the past eight years and have also spent time inside the classroom over the years. They do a fabulous job of teaching the academics but they excel at the virtue development portion of the curriculum.  My kids have the strongest manners of their friends and by far the best reading comprehension of their peer group. But the children are also taught and trusted early on to identify actions that support a peaceful and loving environment. One of the things that has always impressed me is the school's high level of expectation for what the kiddos are capable of achieving. From a life-skills perspective of making beds and contributing in the household to a high standard of cooperation and an expectation of peacefulness, the director holds the children and families accountable. I've dropped one of both of my kids off at school daily for over 8 years and while they are there I have a peace of mind that is priceless. Knowing that the diligent watchfulness of the staff is keeping them safe is comforting beyond measure; but also knowing that they are helping my kids cultivate self-awareness, kindness and a sense of what being in a community means is outstanding. Don't hesitate to tour the school and see for yourself if it's a community that would be a good fit for your family.
5	I've read the few negative reviews regarding Community Montessori that have surfaced recently, which prompted me to add my two cents on the subject.  First, it should be noted that the vast majority of parents with whom I've interacted are extremely satisfied with the school and recommend it to each and every friend they know.  This school produces results, period.  Furthermore, the results are visible not only in each child's academic progress, but also in his/her behavior and in the virtues instilled by the school.  Regarding behavioral and/or developmental issues, the school makes a point of speaking with parents regarding what the teachers observe in their daily interactions with our children rather than ignoring the reality and letting the child's progress suffer as a result.  I understand that, as a parent, it is often uncomfortable to hear negative feedback regarding one's child.  I personally struggled with this before embracing my role in identifying and correcting the noted issues.  However, now more than ever, I am glad that I was open to hearing this feedback and that I chose to support the school both at home and in the classroom.  The results with our son have been better than I ever could have imagined.  Thus, I can personally attest to the fact that not every student who ends up excelling in this program is without roadblocks along the way.  It's reasonable for parents to assert that the customer is always right.  However, when dealing with professionals such as doctors and teachers, I for one would prefer for them to be honest with me and not just cater to my ego at the expense of my child.The issue for virtually every parent with whom I've spoken is never whether Community Montessori is the best place for our children to begin their formal education, but where to send our children once they graduate.   Ms. Janet and crew have instilled a level of knowledge and curiosity that puts the children worlds ahead of their peers at comparable schools.  Just ask the staff what percentage of children read chapter books and have been exposed to things like fractions and multiplication by the end of kindergarten.   You will be shocked at how high the figure truly is.  My son attended Community Montessori for roughly 3 years, recently graduating, and I had the opportunity to witness these incredible results year after year.  The culmination is that each kindergartener at the school completes a project, researches and writes a report, and makes a presentation upon graduation, which is truly something to behold.  Community Montessori is a relatively small and undiscovered gem of a school with no desire to cherry pick the best students.  Instead, this school is committed to accepting children of all backgrounds and consistently producing academically precocious students who go on to be overrepresented in gifted programs across the valley.
