5	This is another place on my regular lunch rotation.  I have been eating at Someburros for years frequenting the locations in Tempe and by Chandler Mall as well as this location in Gilbert.This is deli style.  You go to the counter and order, they give you a number, and then bring the food to your table.  The restaurant is always clean and well staffed.The food at Someburros is on par with any good Mexican restaurant in the Valley, but it is fast and inexpensive.   Most adult meals with drink will cost about $8.  Kids cost 1/2 that.  I usually get one of the burritos.  Lately the Crudo Burro is my favorite.  It is shredded beef with SPICY tomatillo sauce.  Do not order this unless you can handle spicy food.  I also like the Rod Burro and the Poncho Villa.  I really like the rice, as well.  Someburros also has large party platters.  A number of times we have purchased party platters for a gathering at our house.  Our guests always devour the food and rave about it.  It is a relatively inexpensive way to cater a party.Someburros is a great place for lunch and a relatively inexpensive way to feed the family.  If you have not tried it, definitely check it out.
4	I enjoy some burros because it's a good cross between fast food and sit down Mexican food.  The taste is always fresh, and good - the service is fast and friendly, even with a packed house.  It satisfies my Mexican fix and does not leave me regretting life afterwords .... (like Filbertos does)  I have only had this location, but have gone back numerous times and will continue to hit this place up and work my way through the menu ... I had the beef taco and been enchilada today ... see pictures ... you will want.
2	"Meh" is definitely the appropriate comment for this place.  The food was OK at best.  The best thing I had was the beans and hot sauce.  I ordered a shredded chicken burrito combo.  Although I was happy to see that the burrito wasn't bigger than my head (seriously, why do places serve such HUGE burritos?), I wasn't happy with much else.  The chicken was watery (literally - I cut into the burrito and water oozed out - gross) and didn't have much flavor.  The rice was bland.  The beans were tasty, especially with LOTS of hot sauce/salsa on them.Can't say I'll be coming back.  I'll be looking for some burros elsewhere, thank you very much.
3	Counter service.  You order and the food is delivered to your table.  Each customer gets a paper bowl of tortilla chips.  I don't know if I was lucky or if the chips are always DELICIOUS.  I ordered the veggie burrito and it was just okay.  Nothing special about it and I had to add salt to give it flavor.  In a Mexican restaurant?!?!
3	I worked in the same plaza as the one on Mill and used to frequent it for lunch (and enjoyed it) so when I discovered they opened one up close by, I was stoked.My ''go to'' at the Tempe location had always been the Pollo Fundido...not ''authentic'' mexican food by any standard, but it was always a chickeny, cheesy, gooey flavor bonanza that I enjoyed thoroughly.  Feeling nostalgic, I went ahead and ordered one.  Renata K mentioned that the chicken was ''watery''...she was right.  I  cut the guy in half and a bunch of liquid came pouring out.  Of course that immediately turned me off because not only was it gross in general, it started sogging up my Fundito (it's deep fried...basically a chimi)  That watery chicken had no flavor at all...basically a very tasty shell with very tasy Fundido sauce filled with chicken textured nothingness.Might have been an off day...since I've had the Rod Burro and the green chili burro and they have been good...afraid to order the Pollo Fundido again but a friend did once while we were there and looked like the same issue (he's not picky AT ALL so he said it was good).2 things that I always liked a lot at Someburros: the rice and the hot sauce, were both still awesome at this location...just won't be ordering my ''go to'' there....sadly.
4	This is a great quick Mexican food restaurant. Like others have said, this is more than a couple notches above Filibertos but just a hair down from Manuel's, Aribas, or Macayo's. The hot sauce for the chips is great . . . Not too hot but not watered down like some spots. Go for their Pollo Fundido . . . . The best this side of Julio G.'s
5	I have been going to SomeBurros since I was a kid and the food has been very good and have been eating at Someburros for years.
3	When eating at SomeBurros, I must remember that it is a family oriented, step above fast food, quick/fresh mex place, that does a good job of appealing to all palettes. That means.. from 5 year old kids, to granny.. which equates to.. BLAND. They have a wide array of fairly unique and original dishes, but because it tends to be insufferably bland, SomeBurros only gets 3 stars, instead of 4.  Pre-Diet, I used gorge on their Pollo Fundido.. which is a delightful blend extremely lean, white meat (canned?) chicken, fried in a flour tortilla, and glopped with a tasty cream cheese type sauce. Yum. days of eating fried crispy things, are past, however, and this time, I opted for the Verde Scramble (I luv some MexiBreakfast) and tried one of their new Carne Asada Tacos on the side.  The Verde Scramble was assembled well, but was painfully bland. The Carne Asada Taco was nothing special.. and a bit over priced at $2.50.  My sum up of SomeBurros - Quick, decently priced non-offensive Mexican food.  Something for just about everyone, and since it's not spicy, it's not gonna rip your gut up. :)  ALSO - Staff is universally friendly, and I love eating on the patio.
4	Great food!  Love the tacos!
4	The nachos are my favorite, Someburros has some good stuff under the Munchies De Mexico section of the menu.
3	My daughter and I go here on a regular basis, and the food is good.  Not fantastic, but good.  We almost always get the rod burro with no chorizo, which is a red and green chili burro with red and green chili over it.  It is very flavorful, but sometimes it comes out so hot you can't eat it.  Can you say microwave, anyone?    They also give you some chips and salsa.  Salsa they give you is pretty spicy, so you can ask for some milder stuff.  Both have a good flavor.  They have a fill it yourself soda fountain.  Since I am a certified diet coke addict, I love this.  You order at a counter, and they bring it out to you.   A little on the expensive side,  but convenient.  You can also call in an order and they have a drive thru pickup window.  I'm sure we'll be back.
4	At least one a week. Can't go wrong. My family's favorite chips & hot sauce anywhere.Wife loves the veggie burro.
4	Someburros comes from the same family as the longtime South Phoenix staple "Ponchos". However, Someburros has somehow managed to take the family business to a whole another level! I've been to several different Someburros and they all consistently have good food, service and atmosphere. My favorites include the Green Chile Burro enchilada style and the tacos. The beans and rice are always moist and better than that you get free chips and salsa with your meal. I like how the atmosphere is more Mexican-American but the food is definitely authentic!  If you hate a crowd avoid Lunch hours like the plague. If you are in a hurry you can also call your order in ahead of time and pick it up through the drive through take out window.
4	One of the things I was most excited about when I moved to Arizona, besides Jack in the Box (judge me if you want, I LOVE their tacos) was Someburros.  I had my first Someburros meal back in 2009 when I came to Arizona as a tourist.  I fell in love with their menu... so cheap yet soooo good.  Thus, when I moved here, I decided to high tail it to my local restaurant.It was good, but not as good as I remember.  Maybe it was the dish I got, though.  I got the veggie burrito and it seemed... dry.  The tortilla was dry and the burrito wasn't full enough, so it was mostly just dry tortilla.  I may try a meat filled burrito next time, just to see if it was the type of burrito I ordered.The chips and salsa are excellent tho!  So is the side dishes you get with a combo meal: Spanish rice and refried beans.  Their refried beans are very good, the best you'll get from a "fast food" restaurant.That's another thing... I put fast food in quotes because the only thing that makes it fast  food is the speed with which you get the food.  And the fact that the food comes on disposable plates and with plastic cutlery.  Wonderful place, glad I went... but the next time I go, if I get a generously filled burrito in a tortilla that didn't seem microwaved, I'll review Someburros again and give them 5 stars!
5	I love Someburros! They have my favorite salsa in the world! All the workers are extremely friendly and the service has been great. My family and I have been going for years. It is a nice family owned restaurant and you can't go wrong with one of their burritos!
4	It is as American as a an Americanized Mexican joint gets, without screwing up the food.This place has such a simple concept, great organization, and consistency in their products and service.Although, it's not an authentic Mexican joint, they do a great job at preparing kids and Americans who are uncultured to cross over to the true Mexican side.The names of the dishes, as well as the presentation of many are all good, but they have tamed down their versions of these dishes to cater to a different crowd.I recommend this place when you are on a quick lunch break from work.The Chicken in the Pollo Fundido, is more flavorful, tender, and juicy than any of their competitors, such as Serrano's Garcia's, etc. They roll the marinated chicken breast into a burrito, deep fry it, then top it with Crema, and Cheddar Cheese. It is served with a side of shredded lettuce and rice. The consistency of this and other dishes has been there over the years.They make their red chile salsa in house and keep it mild for the target audience. You get free chips and salsa with your purchase.It is basically a Mexican fast food joint that makes things fresh and in house, but with a slight American twist.They run a great, simple concept of a business. If you enjoy Mexican food that has been tamed down for the Weditos, then this is your place.Salute! =)
4	I love Someburros! Not quite as good as Cafe Rio but it holds its own. The bean and chicken burrito is simple but delicious! We always make a stop when we're in town.
4	Same quality food as other Someburros locations, but the chimichanga we ordered today seemed smaller than usual.  In fact, it was the same size as my veggie burro, which is usually noticeably smaller than the chimichangas.  Have they downsized?  We will need more testing to be sure. : )
5	If it's been longer than a week I literally crave a burrito from Someburros.  I usually get the veggie burrito on a wheat tortilla with no cheese (pinto beans, pico de gallo, avocado) but will sometimes splurge on the bean and cheese burrito.  Their hot sauce is super hot and has a great flavor; it tastes great with the burritos and their chips.  My husband loves their breakfast burritos.  Someburros is definitely a set above fast food.  I appreciate that their prices are reasonable and that they have a call ahead pick up window.
4	Been coming here for years. 2 chicken tacos rice and beans :) very good
4	Stopped in for lunch with my wife as we had never been to a Some Burros before. Staff here are very efficient and friendly. Food came out to us promptly and it was right on target flavor and spice wise. We will be back!
5	This place has great food. I have never gotten anything that wasn't good. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. There salsa is so.... Good it goes  in everything. My favorite is a chicken burro juicy yum.
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. The food is disgusting. The Mexican Pizza looked like they dumped a can of Alpo on a tortilla. The breakfast burrito - welI let's just say I couldn't find the egg in the pile of crap they put on the plate but in all fairness it was probably there when they made it, it just disintegrated from all the grease.Four meals and not one of us could muster up so much as an enthusiastic "It's mediocre!" It was just awful plain & simple.I usually try to give a first bad review a second chance but I don't think I could stomach my way through this disaster again.
5	Ssshhhh! Don't say another word! You had me at....fresh brewed iced tea.  I've never eaten here but kid you not the iced tea here is good enough to be considered as good as any fresh brewed tea you would find in the South.  As a Texas boy I have need to regularly partake of fresh iced tea. This place has iced tea that would launch an army.  Drive thru is convenient and the service staff is awesome.  Speaking about the iced tea, I easily give five stars.
4	Been a regular customer here and Mill for about 25 years.  Never has let me down.  Fantastic green chili!  Best shredded burros around.  And the pollo fundito is as great to eat as it is to say.  leaps above fast food,  Eat in, or call it in and pick it up at the drive through.
2	i find this place gross, after i got food poisoning here once... never again
4	Veggie Burro is perfection! Whole pinto beans, homemade Guacamole, cilantro, cheese, and salsa!! The tortillas taste authentic and fresh. Hubby loves the pollo fundido. All white meat chicken(breast)  burro topped with a spicy cream cheese and cheese. My rating is four stars because they charge for chips and salsa in the drive thru. :( Come on...a little bag o chips and some yummy salsa won't kill your business bottom line....but it will make happier customers!!
5	One of our favorite places to eat is Some Burros....we love the food and never had a bad meal there Great food and atmosphere!!
3	Way too much tortilla to meat ratio on my chimichanga.  Last few times I have been there the food was "less than".  Less meat especially.   Chips were all flopped together and not separated when cooked so you had to pry them apart when you eat them.   So they all fell apart into little tiny pieces.   Not in a big hurry to go back.
2	I seriously have no idea why people eat here where there are 100 better alternatives for Mexican food in this town. We had a shredded chicken chimichanga, green corn tamale, and chicken enchilada. All 3 were bland and tasteless at best and all three were very greasy. If you think Taco Bell is great Mexican then this is your place, otherwise, steer clear, go home and pop open a can of processed tamales from Del Monte, you'll get a better meal.
4	Man I cannot get enough of this place! Everything is amazingly delicious. My only complaint is that if you order through pick up they do not give you any chips and very little salsa. I suggest that they change their policy and throw in a bag of chips for free come on man!
1	What's up with not handing out utensils with drive thru orders? Cutting costs? Pretty inconsistent. Those working the drive thru window couldn't care less if they get your order right. One morning I had to wait 10 minutes while the chick was too busy refilling hot sauce, meanwhile my food is sitting in the pass. Pay attention?
1	This place is just horrendous. The first time I moved here we went looking for a good Mexican place to eat and found this place.  Our food tasted like it was microwaved and not authentic at all.  This is a white man's version of Mexican food. I might as well buy canned Mexican meals or frozen ones, much cheaper that way. Don't come here if you want a days long of stomach aches and regrets.
2	I'm not a fan. Chips today were really gross. I think the oil was old. Thick tortillas. Large portions, kinda bland. White people Mexican food.
4	I love their shredded beef taco and beans and rice. They have great carne Asada burritos and green chili chimis. I love the the drive thru.
1	We used to love this place for the chicken tacos. Something has changed, there was not much meat on the tacos and they didn't taste the same.  One of the tacos had only about a tablespoon of chicken in it. When my husband showed them, they made him a new plate, but stuck the taco back on it without adding any meat. We won't be back.
3	the food is generally pretty good for lower-priced cafe style Mexican food. I think the portions are generous and the price point is decent. I think the staff could be nicer but what do I expect from high school kids, right? super lame that you have to preordained by phone to use the drive thru.  also, the lines and wait times can be pretty extensive if you go at peak times.
5	We have been eating here for over 20 years. We started at the one in Tempe & now eat at the Gilbert location. Good prices, great food. Love their bean burritos. Their salsa (mild & hot) sooo GREAT!
2	Good for lunch when there is no mix ups with the lunch orders. Half our lunch group got there food first while the rest of had wait at least 15-20 minutes.
1	So tonight was the first time trying to eat here. Trying being the key word. Got in line. Ordered 1 beef taco and one beef enchilada and sat down with our party. The guys in our party that came after us and ordered some time after us got their food before me. I saw at least 15 people get their food before my friend and myself (we ordered at the same time 2 different orders). So I went up and asked for a refund.  They looked at my recipe and said oh yours is coming up soon. So I said soon was 20 people ago. I want a refund.  well my friend was still waiting on his food, his order was before mine.... He waited another 3-4 minutes before his food came.
1	I don't live in Arizona anymore, but when I did I always ate a some burros in Tempe. Every now and then I would eat at the other locations. Well we came for a visit and of course we needed to stop here. The place was filthy and not cleaned up. Our Pollo Fundido did not taste as good as it normally does. And on top of that my husband, myself and a friend all got food poisoning. It was awful!!!! So whoever is preparing the meals isn't washing their hands or fully cooking the chicken. Never again!!!!
5	LOVE me some Someburros!! Where else can you get an AMAZING, fresh, tasty, filling breakfast burro (burrito) at all hours of the day? Someburros I say!I am always greeted by a friendly face and smile when I arrive at Someburros and they are always super helpful when it comes to making menu selections. Did I mention the breakfast burros yet?? SO GOOD.Also, they have some of the best green chile tamales I have had anywhere (and they sell them by the dozen!!), the cheese enchiladas are the perfect blend of red chile sauce and yummy cheesy corn tortilla goodness. The beans and rice are fantastic...and the breakfast burros...GET ONE! For real!Love this place, the drive thru is convenient for phone or online orders and makes getting in and out with your Someburro loot even easier.
