5	I stopped in to check it out after trying out the gym next door. This place is legit....it has some things I have not seen at many larger outdoor stores like REI, A16, sport chalet, ect.... I also noticed some older patagonia high loft in colors that are hard to find now. Staff was friendly and if I were local I would support them more.
5	Great and knowledgeable staff that are ALWAYS willing to help or just sit and chat for a bit. Amazing selection of everything from bags to guides and if they don't have it they will order it and get it to you ASAP. They have great prices and give discounts if you buy in bulk or military which is always nice to be appreciated! The number one thing that I love about DRS is that they open earlier than any other store and have EVERYTHING you would ever need or want!!!
5	Way better than REI! Helpful, good selection of high quality clothes, shoes, and any climbing gear you might need.
4	I stopped here after a day of climbing at Red Rock Climbing Center. One of the most welcoming, informative gear stores I've been too. I'd recommend this shop to anyone traveling through. Quality gear at good prices, great perspective/knowledge and amazing service.
5	Ended up here one day as only store in town that had the PIRANA descender IN STOCK. Staff super knowledgeable and friendly. Several weeks later stopped by and they were the only ones who had the Black Diamond Vector helmet which I also bought. They a have great selection of shoes, packs (some for canyoneering) and clothing .  For all those in our local hippy-dippy climbing community please give them a shot before skipping off to REI or Sports Chalet .
1	Seriously disappointing. From what I read online this was supposed to be a great place for picking up climbing gear, ropes, maps, chalk, and basic supplies. What I found when I walked through the door was a teeny tiny store crammed with a hodge-podge of crap that made it difficult to find anything much less what you want. Now granted I don't climb anymore...I'm not in shape to climb these days. But a good climbing rope is useful for many, many things, and I own a bunch of them. But this is not the place I'll be buying any ropes in Vegas. If you like dealing with snotty elitist teenagers who barely would acknowledge your presence then you'll like this place. But if you like true service, and don't want to have to shoehorn your way through the place in hopes of finding what you need you're better off going to REI for basics or ordering online for specialty items. To sum it up I'll just drop the tip I posted on the mobile app right after I walked out the door: It ain't all that, quite frankly it sucks. Seen better, bought better, you deserve better. Don't come here.
3	DRS is a pretty good local climbing shop.  It isn't Wilson's in Bishop or Mammoth Mountaineering, but they do what they can with a small and crowded shop.  The staff is usually quite friendly and helpful and can offer a wealth of good local climbing info.  I've seen Bill go out of his way to help folks out with their selections.  The reasons this place gets stars deducted is that they are in a location that is exceptionally tiny and that they never put anything on sale.  I was informed the sale they were running earlier this summer was the first one in the history of the store.  C'mon man, in the age of the internet...and with the economy being in the state it is in here, don't expect climbers to 'buy local' when buying online means that they save a good chunk of cash.  Oh! Speaking of online, how come this site doesn't have any kind of online existence?  Might help them increase market share.  Jussayin'
5	Decided to stop by this shop with a group of my friends after getting a tip about a huge sale they were having on basically everything in the store. We had originally planned to go to REI that same morning for the used gear sale but it sounded like we would have a much better shot at good deals here than at REI AND without having to wait in line all night long. The selection was great. Everything from ropes to sleeping bags to guidebooks to backpacks. It was all here. The staff were super friendly and helpful, and provided us with lots of information about the area since we had just come in from california.We were lucky enough to catch them during a sale that was going on all weekend. All down jackets and sleeping bags were 50% off! There was other stuff for 40% 30% and so on. it was incredible. I managed to get a great 0 degree sleeping bag and an osprey backpack for only $168 total. My friends all bought a bunch of stuff too because they were the kind of deals you just couldn't pass up. The location is great because it's on the way to Red Rocks where we planned to go bouldering that morning and it's right next to the local climbing gym so we checked that out too.Also, they apparently rent out gear for pretty cheap if you suddenly realize you left something important back at home. All in all, awesome store, awesome employees. Will definitely be checking this place out again in the future.
5	New location? Sales? The Desert Rock Sports Gods hath listened!  New location, a few doors down the way, is much bigger, offers items on sale, AND offers consignment climbing gear.  Staff still as rad as usual...about as good as it gets for a climbing shop.  Now, once the moving dust has settled, time for a digital presence so people can acquire items online.
5	Purchased my first pair of climbing shoes here in August of last year! I would definitely recommend this store for new climbers buying their first gear, at least based on my experience. The staff member that helped me was really knowledgable and very accommodating, and helped me to try out four different pairs of shoes, while explaining in depth how they were different.They've since moved locations and now look like they've expanded. I will definitely be back for any other climbing gear I might need.
5	This place is the only climbing store in town that is not some huge corporate entity.  They are extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  Just tell them what you're trying to accomplish and I'm sure they will have advice and gear to get you there.  They sell and rent all types of climbing accessories.  Get out and go climb a rock!
1	I have been to Desert Rock Sports several times. Each time I come here, no matter which worker is working, I am ignored. I walk in and workers will see me but ignore me. I look at shoes and they don't check to see if I would like to try them on. Same goes for harnesses. Same goes for the rest of the store, they never offer me any assistance. When I come here I am in my climbing clothes, which usually means basketball shorts and a sports nutrition company t shirt. This is very different from what typical climbers wear. This may be the reason I get ignored. If the owners ever read this sorry if I don't dress to your standards. In terms of what the store sells they do have a variety of everything climbing related. Much bigger selection than REI.The prices I have seen are not the lowest and not the highest. Since they do not want my business I pretty much only come to look at gear/ try gear on before I purchase it online. I recommend coming here only to try on/check quality of the gear. Buy from backcountry.com where the prices are much cheaper, especially during sales.
