5	The only place to take exotic pets in the city, such as ferrets/snakes etc. Any other place is not experienced enough to handle them and a huge waste of money.Dr. Heinsch is by far the most friendly vet I've ever met, and she takes excellent care of our three ferrets when they go in.My only complaint is the place they refer people to for after-hours care, does not take exotics at all for anything other than extremely basic care... which means you're wasting your money if you take them to the place, since if you need after-hours care it's generally an emergency.Very good prices for the services they provide.
5	Have you ever threatened someone with Yelp? Well... I... Hhaaa....vee.... TECHNICALLY... It was not really a treat if you think of it as in this way. I was looking to take my lil pup, my lil Pup pup, my lil coco puff, my chito to a new vet. Because O-M-G he is a line backer now at his 11 years of human years. Okay so I was looking for a new vet and decided, "Hey! Wait why not look on Yelp for good reviews around my zip code?" So I found this one and saw there was only two reviews, I decided to give it a shot. Get it? a shot? I drove to the location and it was seriously not hard to find, keep in mind everyone that the animal hospital looks like a house in the woods. They have good parking and the parking goes around the little lodge so that's cool since I missed the first entrance. I walk in and the secretary greets me and my pup pup as do the other nice client waiting to treat her doggy. Get it? Another joke! okay I will stop now. She asked me to fill out the paper work, it was three pages, which I liked because it allowed me to give a detailed history. Oh yeah! before that when I called in the first place they asked me about my previews vet, I think because they can track down my dogs visits else where. So I fill everything out and see that there is a question that asked me, "How were you refereed here?" So this is where I take advantage of my Yelp powers! I write down, "I heard about this location through your great Yelp reviews." Now I am not saying that if you write that down anywhere that you will get great treatment, or maybe it was just great service. I think It was great service because it was all young women working there, and they all had a great ambiance with that place going too.  Now the vet nurse calls me to way my coco puff and wow... he is a heffer. Now we walk in I explain that he has been limping for three weeks now, and I want to know, before putting him on a diet, if it is a result of him injuring himself, or of him being related to Chris Farley. She tells me that we will need to take a urine sample, blood test, x-ray. But before that the Vet walked in and felt his leg and was some what hesitant to try to push on the X-ray. Weird huh? Who does that at Vet places? It seems, to me they are always trying to push the X-ray agenda. So we agreed to everything and comes out that he has arthritis I was sad when I found that out, but at least now I knew. So explained if they could recommend a diet for him, she said she will give me a Pamphlet. So at the end of the x-ray and the procedure the nurse came out with a folder with everything neatly sorted for my dogs diet. Moral of the story? Trust us Yelpers and it never hurts to say where you got your sources from. "winks"
5	Great staff and wonderful vets at Mountain Vista.  I've been taking my female 1/2 Staffy Bull Terrier 1/2 English bulldog there for about 3 years now.  When I leave for vacation they do a great job of boarding her.  Every time I call in to reserve a run, the person on the phone knows exactly who my dog is and asks how she is doing.When I bring her in, the whole staff seems to know her and someone always  comes out to say hi and play with her.  From my experience, it feels like the staff really cares for the animals as if they were their own.  I still board my girl here even after I moved into Henderson because I know she'll be in great hands when I go on vacation.
5	I took my mini pin there for the first time yesterday.  He was having trouble walking with his hind legs the day before (first time this incident occurred) , and was overdue on his shots.  He ended up being 100 percent better before his appointment, but I just wanted to make sure that he was okay, and he needed his shots anyway.  The staff was so friendly and down-to-earth!  I brought my 19 month old son, and when it was time to go in the back room, he started throwing a fit, and the technician helped me carry my belongings while I was trying to get my son in order.  Sid (my dog) loved the technician, Cherilyn.  She and the doctor took him to the treatment room to make sure he was walking fine.  All the while, gave him his shots, drained his gland (something I could never do) and trimmed his nails.  When it was time to check out, the staff asked me questions about my son, and I honestly had a fun time chatting with them, but I had to let them go back to their work.  Cherilyn ended up helping me to my car, too!  Great experience, and I would absolutely take Sid (or any future pets) there again.
5	Got a new puppy and took her in for shots. The team spent 1 1/2 hours checking her out, answering questions, and making sure everything possible was covered. In addition they gave me a "new puppy" packet with all kinds of helpful tips. This place is the best place I have taken a pet to so far!In addition, they work on lots of animals. There was a turtle in there that they fixed up after being ran over by a car. When it was healthy the turtle was headed back out in nature. It is great to see businesses giving back.
5	I have a hatchling red ear slider about 3 months old and he was swimming crooked so I decided to go in as I suspected maybe pneumonia or some sort of RI. Dr. Taylor  was able to take me just about as soon as I walked in. I filled out a bit of paperwork and then didn't have to wait at all. He was very patient with my baby turtle and spent a good deal of time with him trying to figure out what's wrong.He now has some antibiotics which I was shown how to administer and Dr. Taylor even asked me to call in a couple of days to see how he is doing. What a kind, caring place. I definitely recommend going here if you have a reptile.
5	This is now my primary vet (formerly Aloha Animal Hospital).  They can always see me right away and I'm the kind of dog-mommy that needs to know all the details about what's wrong, why, how, etc etc. And they spend the time explaining and helping.  They're very thorough and I appreciate that very very much!! I definitely recommend Mountain Vista!!!
5	I hadn't had a dog in over a decade so I was really careful in choosing a good vet office for my little Sparky, I found a few places nearby with excellent reviews and settled on MVAH since its conveniently located down the street and had nothing but 5 star reviews.The receptionist is always friendly and we are always seen fairly quickly as well. The staff is so nice to him, I was a bit worried because Sparky is a pit bull and we all know all the negativity that the media and people spread of the breed. I couldn't be happier with the veterinarian that sees him. We are always in and out in less than 40 minutes.It's always very easy to schedule appointments with them and they are always courteous and professional over the phone. Prices are great for the wonderful service. I always recommend MVAH to my fellow friends who are pet owners as well.
5	So got back from the first visit with Dr. Taylor for Knight.  First I have to say from the first call to Mountain Vista Animal Hospital they have had the best customer service. Also when I emailed Dr. Taylor Knight's records he kept in touch with me till this first visit. After he examined Knight he stated that Knight was not a candidate for the Orthopets brace. My heart fell. But then Dr. Taylor went on to say that he felt Knight might not even have a partial tear to his ACL. And that he would like to do conservative care in the form of Dasuquin, Rimadyl, Tramoadol and laser therapy. We did the first laser therapy today and I have to go back in on Friday and in a week or two we will look at how Knight is doing. All I have to say is I haven't had a Vet that took so much time to speak with me about every part of Knight's care and to give me so much hope.  Everyone in the office was kind and didn't make me feel as if they were in a hurry to just  get me in and get me out.  Even if we end up having to do surgery for Knight I won't have any of the horrible doubt on "what if's" Thank you so much to Mountain Vista staff and Dr. Taylor you are simply the best.
5	Love love Dr. Taylor! When my cat decided to eat my childs pacifier over a year ago Dr Taylor posted me several options and explained everything for removal. He saved my terror cat! I live much father away from the office, but will take the drive! I came from using Banfield at PetSmart, never again! Dr Taylor and staff know how to work with cats that aren't always pleasant, they are willing to do what it takes to make sure the animal gets the care it needs.
2	So after having been a loyal customer for a year, each visit, I've been less impressed each time.I feel so ripped off.  Literally nickel and dimed every single time I come.  Now, I will say, the treatment of my animals I feel is great.  I will be fair and state that (2 stars).So I'm choosing not to come back on the mere fact that my pocketbook feels bitterness.  Such a bummer. :/And then when I found a new vet, I called to request my records be sent to over. Nothing.  And then my new vet called three times to get my pets records sent over. Not only were the staff unpleasant but just eh, I'm not impressed.  I shelled out a lot of money with them and was a very loyal patron.  I just expected more.  Very sad and I hate to be "one of those d*cks" yelping about it. :(
5	My first experience with MOUNTAIN VISTA Animal Hospital was when I had to take my 20 year old cat in to be put down. The office staff over the phone was so caring and when I got there they took me and my cat straight to a room and handed me a box of Kleenex. The nurse came in, did the preliminary examination and Dr Taylor came in and help me to make the decision to put my cat down. He was kind, caring, thoughtful, and explained everything to help me to make the right decision. I would highly recommend MOUNTAIN VISTA Animal Hospital. Thank you to the staff and Dr Taylor for making a horribly difficult and painful experience as tolerable as possible. I know my Sweetie was treated with respect and dignity.
5	Dr. Taylor is hands down the most amazing vet I've ever encountered. This man was there when we had to put our Shepard down when I was 11. He was there when my cat got hit by a car when I was 15. Countless cats, dogs, and more later, fast forward 30 years give or take and at age 39 I'm taking MY kids and newest family member in. He has not changed a bit except maybe to get more awesome. He is kind, wonderful with animals and humans alike, takes his time to explain everything, be thorough, and answer EVERY question without a hint of impatience or being in a hurry. He is no longer anywhere near my house but I would follow this guy to the ends of the earth for my little furry guys. Not to mention he has not aged one iota and has the best head of hair I've ever seen on a man lol. Thumbs up all the way!
