5	This company is fast, reliable, and reasonable. Im a real estate agent so having immediate access to a computer, printer and scanner is my life line. Two of our office computers had a virus and copier/printer/scanner was down. I called ICU from a promotion they had on another site, they came the same day and resolved all of our issues within a couple of hours.  Their price was shockingly fair compared to other companies we've used in the past. Im usually hesitant when a company charges by the hour but I could tell ICUs objective is to get the Job done quickly and efficiently. I would recommend them to anyone that needs computer repair.
5	Great services ! No hidden fees ! My network keep dropping and disconnecting I usually called the customer services number for the router and the network and stay on the phone with them for at least two hours on the phone  , and still not working properly , I called other companies to diagnose the problem they charge me 100$ for the visit and they said my router is not working and I have to get a new router and it will cost me at least a 130$ , I called then ICU computer , he fix it fast and was much cheaper , very reasonable and honest for the services . He add a hot spot to my house to cover some weak network coverage area  , he connect my playstation and xbox to the network , he added my printers to my network and I can print from any of my electronic devices , with ICU company I saved time and money and he is very practical
5	My computer crashed and they came ASAP! It's really hard to find a good company that I can trust with my personal information. I'm so happy I called! I will defiantly call again if I need any more help fixing my PC. Thanks guys
5	Recently moving to Las Vegas from Hawaii presented many challenges for us. Having a computer provider that allows ads and pop ups added to our challenges. Adware and Trojans infected our computer. We found Maui via Yelp and once again is very pleased with the results we find from Yelp. MAHALO (THANK YOU) Maui for coming by on short notice and fixing our "pop ups" problem!!
5	He was able to resolve all my current computer problems and provided additional support with some computer related questions I had. He was friendly and efficient and quite knowledgeable. I would recommend him to anyone having computer issues. Very reasonable prices as well.
5	Fast, reliable and affordable service. Will surely recommend to friends and family. Thank you ICU!
