5	Mister Cook's Chinese Cuisine is located in a clearly recognizable circa 1970's Taco Bell structure. Worse yet, in a Big Lots parking lot! That said, Mister Cook's seems to be a very promising successor to the Asian restaurant previously housed at this location. I'm probably being a little generous with a five star review, but I wanted to get your attention. The ambiance does leave a little bit to be desired. I think they are still using the original Taco Bell seating! You order at the counter and food is served to you on a Styrofoam plate on a red plastic tray. You have your choice of chop sticks or plastic utensils. Mister Cook's is all about the food. And I'm fine with that!I love all the dishes I've tried (so far). The menu is pretty standard Americanized Chinese, with all the usual items included. They do have a "Diet Menu" with five choices. And a $7.45 per person dinner special. They have a nice lunch special, served daily 11:00 - 3:00, priced at $5.25 - $6.35, depending on your main dish, served with rice and soup. I started with the Kung Pao Chicken and plan on working my way through the rest of the menu over time.Mister Cook's is open seven days a week. They also offer take out and delivery. I'm looking forward to returning and hope to see the early opinions of some other Yelpers as well.
1	horrible food.  tacky, dirty atmosphere.  honestly i'll never go back, the food quality is incredibly subpar.
3	We came home to a menu taped to my front door. Too tired and late to cook and we did not want to eat out, so the two options were take out or delivery.We decided to give Mr. Cooks a shot. Because they are so new I knew that they would have a few great Yelp reviews from either friends or family. Then I noticed one very bad review.But what the heck, lets give it a try.I called the number and to my surprise it was answered by an anglo sounding gentleman, he was very polite and took our order promptly.I had the choice to pay with either cash or charge. With hesitation I gave him my credit card number. I wish delivery places either allowed us to order online securely or gave their drivers a square for the smart phone so I could pay securely. If you are the owner and you are reading your reviews: good for you, way to stay connected to your customers and get Square or use apple pay, something other than handing over the information on the phone.We ordered three dishes: the General Tso chicken, teriyaki chicken and chicken fried rice for the kids.We were told they would be here in :35 minutes. I started my stopwatch.They delivered, food was here in :24 minutes. Courteous delivery guy, not afraid of dog.It passed the test, the egg rolls were good, the General Tso chicken met all expectations and chicken fried rice was gobbled up by the kids. My wife did not particularly like the teriyaki chicken, but then again it was dark meat and not white meat, next time we will try to order with the white meat.
4	Tried Mr. Cooks for the first time a couple of days ago.  Their customer service and delivery service was fantastic. The food was delicious.  We ordered the shrimp lo mein , sweet and sour chicken as well as their orange chicken and egg rolls, all of which were delicious. This is my new place for Chinese food delivery. Also found their prices and portion sizes to be just right.
1	This is the restaurant with least effort to make a customer feel welcome I've ever experienced. Besides using the dining area as storage for boxes of supplies,the lady at the counter acted as though we were intruding on her personal phone conversation,barley taking the time to answer any questions we had. We ordered the lunch specials, got a small foam cup of water with a wanton in it ,the waiter pointed to where we get the spoons. The Kung Pao Shrimp was fishy smelling,served with dried out fried rice, with some sort of coating over the stinky shrimp, two young men came in as we were leaving and were warned, thanked us and went somewhere else.I didn't ask for a refund, because I couldn't wait for the argument, why don't these Chinese people take this seriously, like some of the others in town,and this was their Grand Opening ! I wish that Yelp had a lower rating than one star just for people and places like this! We left full plates and went ti Iron Chef on Tatum, Chinese owned and operated,fantastic food,Great sushi and very friendly.
4	I checked this place out for their take-out lunch special and I ordered the shrimp chow mein with fried rice. It was pretty tasty but I did notice the portion size seemed small. I guess that's what a lunch special means. Also the shrimp themselves were tiny. Good flavor seasoned the noodles and also the fried rice. My friend ordered general Tso's chicken and he can be picky about chinese food so I was surprised when he said he liked it enough to go back in the future. The staff seemed friendly enough when we showed up to grab the food but the atmosphere did seem like this is more of a carry-out type location. I will definitely looking forward to trying other things on the menu in hopes they have a dish that will really blow me away.
4	I found my new to-go place for Chinese food. I have gotten a few things on their menu and have been happy with everything. I like how you can see them cooking in the back. The cashiers aren't the brightest, so be patient. Also, make sure if you ask for brown rice, they give it to you. Otherwise, really delicious food.
5	I love this place. The food is fast, hot, delicious. The people are courteous and I just like the atmosphere. Mr. Cooks isn't a fancy dining place. Everything is served on paper plates and plastic utensils and for 6$ a meal... It's perfect in my opinion. Try it!
3	Good food cooked to order. However I am grossed out by the American kid working the counter because he has tobacco in his mouth and is spitting it in a cup in front of customers
4	This review is for the delivery only as I have not stepped foot in the actual place.  Just ordered chicken with broccoli (without the broccoli and extra sauce...I know its strange) and kung pao chicken.  It came well before the estimated time and the delivery driver was courteous and nice.  The food... well let me just say I FINALLY found my Chinese delivery place in this area after a couple years of awfulness.  Great sliced pieces of chicken in a great sauce.  It was exactly what I was hoping for and I am very pleased to say the least.
5	Amazing !! YOU HAVE TO TRY IT! Fresh, large portions, good selection. When you order out they are pretty quick. It's fun to watch them prepare the food too. My sister and brother in law love this place too. They are starting to be regulars...lol....
1	From the beginning, they could not understand our phone number, address (we live on a street right next to cactus!) and our full order. After waiting over an hour and fifteen minutes, we finally receive our order, cold and incorrect.I recommend not ordering from this restaurant if you want quality service!
5	This is the BEST Chinese food! Great selections for vegetarians. The food is fantastic, it's not greasy, nice size portions. I love it.
