1	uh..can u say "GHETTO" now if you're looking for shoes or jerseys this might be the spot for you as they have they have decent prices.  otherwise i probably wouldn't recommend spending your time here...unless ur  just looking for some AC.
3	People love to rag on Desert Sky Mall, like it's an American Idol contestant or a homeless person. Like your criticism is essential to its existence."It's too small. They have nothing good. It's so cheap and dirty. It's a shit mall. You're better off going to Arizona Mills or Arrowhead."Like the people who drive all the way out to Westgate and still manage to muster the inanity to complain of how it isn't Scottsdale, these same jibbajabberers clearly have no grasp on the area and its economic status. They don't live here (surprise), and make a point to mention EVERY TIME they visit the west side how much they hate it.Yeah, fuck you too.Sure, Desert Sky is ghetto. Because IT'S IN the ghetto.There's a reason so many people take the bus to this mall. It's not because they're environmentally aware. To better illustrate the socio-economic climate of Desert Sky, I have prepared a neatly compiled bullet-point presentation. * At any given moment, one or more stores in DSM is going out of business. Some don't even make it over the 6 month hump. So if you see something in that smoke shop you really like, better get while you're there, because next year it'll be a perfumery. * They can't even afford decent food court food. Other malls have Orange Julius and Hot Dog on a Stick. They get Flaming Wok (who carries the exact same menu as Panda Express but still manages to somehow be less authentic) and a Subway counter staffed by seemingly invisible sandwich artists. * And you thought the "free samples" guy at your mall was annoying. DSM has the most aggressive kiosk workers in all of mall-hood. Their cell phone plan is such an affordable value that they're willing to barrel through other patrons and ambush you behind signs and walls to let you know how awesome their deals are. Sure, you didn't want that sugar-coated nut, but at least nobody was injured in the process. Except maybe the underpaid workers whose nut-harvesting skills were exploited by their cheapskate employer. * It's pretty common knowledge that one of the department stores (hint; shares it's name with an island and a type of blue-colored liqueur) will issue you a store credit card on the spot. No application process. No waiting period. No wonder everyone comes here packing heat. All these people in holey shirts and torn up jeans walking out of stores with brand new stereos and speakers, their faces shifty with looks of guilt and/or disbelief. * The "special attractions" here blow. Business is so bad the caricaturist is closed on weekends. ON WEEKENDS. I went to the mall yesterday and the Santa they brought in had ONE kid waiting in line to get their picture taken. One. People can't even afford to TELL Santa what they want for Christmas. Woe upon the world.* The Steve and Barry's here is closing down. How FUBAR'd is the economy when not even the combined endorsements of Amanda Byrnes, Sarah Jessica Parker, and the WWE can sell your 9 dollar jeans?* I have on more than one occasion been asked by fellow patrons not to eat my Pretzel Time in front of their kids, or they'll be forced to explain to them why they can't afford such snacks. I would have given them my pretzel, but being originally from Philadelphia I douse mine in yellow mustard, and 99 percent of the people I've come across find it repulsive.* Did I mention that this is one of the only malls (if not the only) in the whole state that can only afford to have ONE story?So please, before you pass judgment on this calamitous and downtrodden mall, please take into consideration the geography and economy of the area and its consequences on neighboring businesses.Translation: STFU, n00b.
1	Eek!  Says it perfectly.  Maybe it's because I am a white girl with blonde hair, blue eyes, and was raised in the suburbs, but this mall terrifies me.  The husband got a baseball hat for Christmas and we had to return it here of all places.  As soon as we walked in, I instinctively clutched all of my valuables to my chest and grabbed the husband's hand.  I didn't release that position until we were safely back on the road.  I know this mall is ghetto because it is in the ghetto.  That makes sense.  You cater to your audience, not to people who live miles and miles away.  Needless to say, I don't belong here and they don't have anything to offer here that would make me think otherwise.  I won't be back unless I am forcibly dragged.
1	Well i visited this mall today...and i really can't say much that i haven't read from other reviewers. I know it is in a Latino neighborhood...but that is no excuse for it to be such a bad shopping experience for anyone Latino or not. I have been to very big malls, small malls, strip malls, expensive malls...and even very bad malls...but this is the WORST mall i have ever been to in all of my travels. The neighborhood, once again is not an excuse, because down the road just a couple of miles is a nice shopping area, nicer homes and even the expressway which leads to very nice areas just a couple of miles away. If the mall is going to have problems with keeping tenants there...or even keeping the lot and mall areas presentable for customers then they need to close the entire mall. Eat, Drink, and be Merry (but you won't at this mall) my friends!!!!
1	I grew up in the Maryvale area back in the 60's thru the 80's, before it became the toilet it is now, and Desert Sky Mall has always had problems. It was always a step below the other malls because it could never keep its tenants for more then a few years. Once the neighborhood went to hell because of all the human trash that took over the area, the mall has went even farther down the road to shitsville!Don't just close the mall, bulldoze the whole shithole that is Maryvale and send all those illegals back where they belong!
1	Havent been to this mall in awhile. This mall is a shell of what it use to be. Its pretty much a indoor swap meet these days. Im honestly surprise its still in business. The only good thing about it is they have quite a bit of shoe stores than most malls.
2	I went to this Mall with some expectation but I was disappointed. It seems it's in a bad neighborhood and it's not very attractive mall to do shopping. I just bought what I want at Bath and Body Works and left. I went to Burlington but this store is almost like Goodwill. Eww!!
3	This mall is "ghetto."  I will not even try to argue against it...  but I go for the mariachis and Orange Julius and because I like being in constant risk of bodily harm and because I like elote and indoor swap meets and the cinema latino and yeahhh....
3	When I checked into Desert Sky Mall, I earned the Maverick badge. With that, I shall write a dissenting review from the majority.My friend in the area told me about this mall and I wanted to see for myself. I do not have any issues with this mall. Sure, it is not the premier mall in the area, but it is not as bad as I have heard or read about IMO.I got what I needed from GNC and I bought a pair of jeans at one of the clothing stores. In addition, the Burlington Coat Factory store was not in disarray from what I could tell. This is NOT the worst mall I have visited.
1	This is a review for L.A. Nails and Spa in DSM, not the mall in whole. I didn't even want to give this one star! The nail salon was a bit busy when I first got there, but with pedicures only. So I waited about 15 min. when one of the ladies was finished. She asked what I wanted, I told her (Short tips, of assorted acrylic colors with a slight glitter), but she didn't quite understand me?? Or maybe she ... IDK! She kept showing me what she thought I wanted, but we were getting nowhere. So she decided she would just polish the tips. When she started she filed my natural nails with the nail drill, which is not professional at all. she didn't have me wash my hands after, she just started glueing on the tips :/ . Tips that she touched my nails with she put back with new tips. She messed up the first try of polishing my tips, and when she removed the color to fix her mistake, she left color behind which showed under the right color. When all was done and I sat under the light, the lady who had done my nails moved on to wax another ladies eyebrows. While doing this, she double dipped the stick in the wax. I know this place is not following sanitary standards, and it was sickening to watch.
3	I would not necessarily classify this mall as "ghetto."But it's not award winning, either.  I mean, it's a shopping mall! Of course you are going to find a lot of pros and cons. I've visited this mall many times without regretting the experience.
2	This is a pretty basic mall with mostly lower-end and/ or privately-owned stores.  I think that the few exceptions are Victoria's Secret, GNC, and Burlington Coat Factory.  You'll find plenty of stores for cheap women's clothing, some play areas for kids, shoe stores, and more shoe stores.The targeted clientele is clearly a younger Hispanic crowd as some of the larger stores include Spanish in places where you'd normally see English.  I enjoyed cruising through it though, if nothing less, to check out something different.
4	Not a bad mall, but not fully loaded either. I don't understand all the hate. It gets the job done. The Fry Bread place was awesome when I last had it. If you want to b-tch about a bad mall, go to Hemet, CA. That's something to complain about.
2	Desert Sky seeks to fill the demands of its Maryvale customers, but ends up sucking anyway. Don't get me wrong, I like some aspects of this mall...like how so many businesses are independently owned. Virtually everything in the food court is one-of-a-kind. Even the McDonald's has been ousted. Bravo. That being said, just because it's independent doesn't mean it won't blow. You'll find tons of cheap crap on "sale", but you're really overpaying for clothes that won't last. In between stores, you'll encounter some of the most aggressive salespeople in any mall ever. In most shopping centers, they can afford to be reasonable and soft with their approach. Here, there is no way to escape them without being a jerk.The anchor stores suck so bad. Except Burlington Coat Factory, which is always awesome. La Curacao is basically a Spanish Best Buy--except worse--with even higher markups and some credit practices that raise an eyebrow. Sears is the worst Sears I've ever set foot into. Good luck finding any decent selection of clothing or electronics. Full disclosure: I've held several jobs throughout this mall as a teenager. But that was five years ago...long enough to Yelp about it, right?
3	Consider the location, the clientele and the size of the mall and this is a Terrible yet terrific mall for people watching.If you're ever in the market for "hood" type clothing. go here... Need "clubwear" ladies?  this mall has something that will impress.  Just don't make eye contact and don't show fear.  (JOKING)For real though, don't be scared.
1	I got recruited out of this mall for the Army back in 2005. They have since moved the recruiter station down the street, because it was "unsafe" to be in this mall. That should tell you something about coming here.
3	Desert Sky, WHY U NO make up your mind on whether or not you want to sell lottery tickets?? You kept moving the dang lotto machine and then got rid of it! Is it back now?? Oy.Otherwise. Not a completely horrible mall. In general, I like coming here and there's some good stores. Always seems a bit full but nothing too bad. Some of the people are shady. My cousin's bike was stolen here...
3	Desert Sky did such a good job of reinventing itself as a big neighborhood mall for a largely Hispanic, working-class neighborhood that the Wall Street Journal did an article about it.If you're not from the neighborhood, visiting is kind of an anthropological experience, and you need to be up for that more than for "quick! find what I need!" shopping. One former store is now Curacao, which is sort of the Latin American version of the old Service Merchandise, only with a focus on offering consumer credit to the underbanked. (Remember catalog showrooms? So 1980s!) The mall stores are a mix of familiar retail chains and local stores. The local ones do come and go; but in our chain-centric world, I think it's cool to see local entrepreneurial spirit. Apparently the locals do, too, as on a weekend afternoon, the place is packed.Another entire former department store -- I think it's the old Mervyn's -- is now an indoor swap meet. So really, you will have the best time if you're in the mood for an indoor swap meet but also need to pick up a couple of things from a major chain store and also have a craving for some Mexican street food and maybe spiced nuts. Desert Sky can do that thing, and it can do it with mariachi performances in center court.
2	I do not go to the malls too often. I did used to come to this one year's ago. This mall is packed. There aren't too many great stores. Just the basic ones. I remember when it was a bit nice. Things have changed over the years. You do have to factor in the location. Nothing against the westside just saying lol. Anyway... there is a messy Burlington,Dillards,Sears, kmomo, footlocker, some discount stores oh a food court. This mall is not too big. But ok enough. Best time to go is during week.
4	Like this mall I go in there speaking english & come out speaking spanish they have everything from good food to Dillards....This is the hood & you can find anything in here
2	This is just one of those malls where you go when youre bored and you dont really feel like shopping. not that many good deals here...alot of the  stuff here is  expensive...you can find better deals at bigger name Malls, i dont like how the people on the kiosk are very pushy....a no is NO dude gees! they literally grab you sit you down and push you to buy their product. this happened to my wife and i and the guy would not take no for an answer. and thats annoying...we just want to shop yo!the bathrooms smell too...the ONLY good thing in my opinion is the Salvadorian restaurant in there. they sell some very good Pupusas :)
2	Usedto come here all the time in high school, but it has slowly become more and more ghetto. A decent mall, cheap stuff.
3	Young man was very helpful in getting me into a new pair of Levis, but I was surprised at the lighting in this store.  It is very gloomy and dark... weird for a Dillards.
4	This mall is too crowded and its pretty small but I shop here when I need something fast. Its perfect for mexican snacks (:
1	I used to go to this mall as a youth. Then it was a major mall, I have noticed that slowly it's gone down as far as their marketing audience. Some of the stores are great and provide amazing service. On the other hand a lot of stores the employers are more focused on side conversations and texting. Its very crowded a lot of children running around unattended.  Its clean but ita probably because the cleaners are always on the floor with their carts. Burlington coat factory is sometimes over stocked its sometimes hard to find items.
3	This gigantic mall is tailored to Hispanics. Now there is nothing wrong with that. However! You will notice at each entrance, that there is a Code of Conduct openly displayed. That alone should send you a clue that this just may not be the respectable place that you thought it was. But "I ain't never scared". This is the ONLY mall that I know of that have an onsite flea market (swap meet)! How can this be?!Don't get it twisted, there are the "high-end" retail stores. lol. ...Sears, Dillard's, Victoria Secret, Finish Line, Foot Locker... and then there is a Couple of Nuts, East Africa Hair Braiding (heeey!), Swaggz, Puchungis Shoes, Miriam's Fashion and more!!! Cinema Latino is on the property and they have the latest movies. It will take you a couple of hours to walk the entire mall. There's something for everyone. I purchased several reasonable priced items from various stores.I had a great experience!b Check it out!
1	Westrige mall was better than this mall even when most of the stores were about to shut down. When I visited this mall recently most the stores looked cluttered and unkept.
