4	Ah, Loft. How I do love thee. Especially your sale rack in the back of the store, and the 20% off coupon in the mail. I can get another pair of my fave jeans in the world, your Curvy Boot jeans in the dark wash, and maybe a top or two.  Your prices are a bit steep, so I usually don't buy anything full price...but I love your clothes and shop it smart. One of your employees today was super-nice, and even went to the back for jeans in my size. Love the jeans...I'll be back! (This AT Loft is in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, on the bottom floor. The easiest route is to duck through Anthropologie's outside door and walk through to the mall area, turn right, and it's down on the left.)
1	I used to be a loyal customer of Ann Taylor before I knew a lot about quality. So I stopped shopping there about 4 years ago when I started to realize that all of the suits and sweaters I purchased there would start to "pill"after about 3-4 uses. This is not really what I would expect from a company whose brand comes with a perceived expectation of quality. Fast forward to April 2012, I am in Portland Oregon on a business trip and decided to purchase new pants while there. I ended up buying 2 shirts and 2 pants there. I wore the pants (business attire) TWICE and the second time I wore them the inseam came apart. This is not something I would expect from a $50+++ pair of pants. I called the 800 customer service phone number and apparently they are completely comfortable with this representation of their brand. I will attempt to return them to the Scottsdale store as they are the closest to my house and see what happens.
4	Good place to pick up a nice essential piece to build outfits around. The sale rack is your friend, it's worth taking five minutes to flip through it. Employees are attentive but not pushy, which frankly, I'd rather be ignored until I'm ready to purchase something, but as long as they're not breathing down my neck, I'm good.
5	I love Loft. Although I wasn't as successful as most of my trips, my 26 year old daughter was really successful! She found tanks and shorts, all at incredible prices (60%) sale. Great everyday clothes!
1	I recently visited this store and when I walked in there were three sales associates behind the counter having a conversation. I stood there for about 30 seconds before I interrupted them to see if one of them could help me. I told the girl that I was looking for a specific style of pant. Apparently they didn't have that style, so I then asked her to show me something similar. She brought out something that looked not even close to what I asked for. I decided to browse the shelves on my own. I then asked for a fitting room and she showed me the way. She never came to check on me, and so I popped my head out and there was a girl standing there leaned over a table that had jeans folded on it with her phone tucked under the jeans texting. She apparently worked there. When she saw me she got up and walked away. I then walked out into the store and said excuse me, and she looked at me and said, YA ? and I was so stunned by her response that I looked behind me in hopes that someone had just called her name and she was responding to them. Nope... it was me, so I said excuse me again and from across the store she hollers, what ? and I said I need some help with these pants.I needed a smaller size, so she brings me a petite.... Im 5'7 so naturally they are high waters on me. I come out to show her and she is on her phone again and acted as if I interrupted her, and I said these are too short, and she said oh ya they are..... and I said ok, well which of the pants that I tried fit the best and she said, Im not sure and WALKED AWAY !!! This was my very first experience with this store and it will definitely be my last. As a sales coach and Manager in my own job.. I was mortified. I would have died if one of my associates treated someone this poorly. Thought that Management would like to be aware of this.
