5	Vieux Velo's chic new next door sister. Excellent coffee in a pretty white light space. A latte here costs more than at the coffee places locals here are used to, Italia, Olympico, etc so we'll see whether the coffee culture in town can sustain it, but for myself I'm really happy to have new options of all kinds popping up in my neighborhood. I'll still choose Italia for many of my sitting in my community getting caffeinated needs, but Odessa wins on a couple of points - I prefer the eco takeout cups to the styrofoam at Italia (the squeak between my teeth is uber-cringe-y.) The grains are different, a warm, nutty, less punch you in the face flavour.. I like the people at Odessa and the art and the quiet; I'll be a regular for sure. Let's face it, I have plenty of coffee love to go around.
4	Cozy place right next to vieux velo - best brunch in Montreal. Choose latte over espresso. Enjoy!
2	Small long shop with little to no substance when looking at decor. Ordered a cappuccino to go since I immediately didn't feel like sitting down. Didn't have any snacks available sadly, so had to stop at a Tim's on the way to work.Price tag a bit more expensive than expected.Cappuccino was decent, though the taste was off... but in a good way. Unsure if I'll visit again.
3	The first time I went to Odessa I spent an hour on Wikipedia trying to see if the name had any historical significance. The only thing I learned was that it shared its title with several cities in the states and the third largest city in Ukraine. For some reason, I was hoping that it would be named after a mythological character but I guess I may of confused Odessa for Medusa. Maybe I should of just asked one of the employees where the name stemmed from but that would of taken away all my fun from Wikipedia.Needless to say, although the name means nothing in particular, the coffee is something. Enough to give me anxiety after I drink it (always a good sign -- I think). The staff is friendly and they never sneer when I ask for soy rather than milk (I have a sensitive stomach, ok?!) and they let me come in with my dog which is nice (bonus points for being dog friendly). Their only downfall is that they need better baked goods but that's just my inner fat kid talking. I can get over that because I like coming here, and it's a great place to relax at if there's a long lineup at their next door neighbour's where they serve up delicious brunch.
4	A small cafe perfect to take a break after a long and busy morning. The Cappuccino is excellent, not too sweet or too diluted, and the pain au chocolat is a nice way to start your morning as well as complement any choice of coffee. The space is small and the tables are perfect for two. The simple design of the place makes it an ideal location to have a good chat and relax amongst friends.
4	A hip coffee shop with super cool staff! About a 10 minute walk from Beaubien metro. The shop can seat about 12 people, so it is not your huge Second Cup ... but your experience at Cafe Odessa is more personal and the music makes the ambiance unique. Good coffee, I sampled three types, having the Ethiopian be my #1, the Costa Rica my #2, and the Rwanda my #3. Be sure to visit the cafe on Saturday where you can also purchase & try the ammmmazing doughnuts!!!I'm looking forward to my next visit.
5	Had the chance to discover this place through an Elite event, and went twice after that. And I'll keep going since I love coffee AND they sure know a lot about coffee and how to serve you a good one.You can get the usual espresso, latte, chai, filter... They also have hot chocolate (never tried yet though) and they sometimes have a few bites to eat (Muffins the 2 times I went there, and they were pretty tasty and felt like home made !)You can choose what kind of coffee you want, it changes from what they get, but they'll be able to guide you to help you get the best for your tastes.Nice team, and nice chill feeling !
4	I recently purchased the Indie Coffee Passport (amaziiing opportunity for coffee lovers, plus it gives you lots to yelp about!) & I've since been on a quest to find a latte that tastes as good as those I used to drink in Portland. That is precisely what I found, first at Kitsune, & now at Cafe Odessa. The latte here has a creamy, almost velvety texture, & a flavour that's rich, yet on the subtler side, as Risa D. mentioned (definitely not "punch you in the face," indeed).The decor was evocative of a beach shed, but in a Maritimes kind of way - white wooden walls, minimalist furniture, a few colourful items on the shelves... Basically fisherman style, not Miami babe. I went on a rainy day when the place was quiet & practically empty, & it felt as though I had stepped somewhere else entirely for a few moments - somewhere like PEI, for instance. I wouldn't necessarily set up camp here for hours, due to the limited number of tables, but it'll be a lovely quick stop next time I'm in the neighborhood.
5	You want a place to work/study but tired of super crowded Plateau/Mile-End coffee shops? + You also want some tasty coffee? (Duh.)This is your place. You're welcome. p.s. get the pour-over
5	Odessa is the Greek goddess of the seas of excellent coffee. Half of that is a lie. But what's 100% true is that this cozy, chill spot serves up some of the top brew in town. For them, its a ritual. Sign me up. Hot tip: if you're waiting on the list to grab a seat at next door's Le Vieux Velo, pop over to Odessa to wait. When your table is ready they'll even let you bring your Odessa coffee. Aww, that's nice.
