5	This place just opened today, had the roast duck summer rolls, vegetable drunken noodles and the seafood dish that has a photo on the menu - seafood lak sa noodles. Everything was amazing. Come here.
5	Open two days. Couldn't be happier. Best Thai I've had in Pittsburgh. Summer rolls are top notch, and the owner is a gracious host!
4	Newly opened in Bakery Square. The food was great, plentiful and fast. The menu has a nice variety to it. We went for lunch and it made it to the "at least a couple of times a month" lunch list. The only thing missing was artificial sweeteners for the iced tea, but, if that's the least glitch they ever have...
2	We noticed Asiatique Thai Bistro while in Bakery Square and thought we'd give it a try since we really like good Thai food.The food was mediocre, the portions were small, and the prices were high. I'd be happy to forgive one of the three, but it's hard to like a place that fails on all of these. My Pad Thai, which I was requested to be spicy, was fairly bland, and the vegetables were tough. The flavor just wasn't right. I also tried the Pad Se Ew and Thai Fried Rice, which were similar. The ambiance was non-existent (hopefully, they'll eventually add some music or something). The people working were nice and fairly attentive, but that couldn't make up for the flavor, portions or prices.Bottomline is that if you want Thai food, go to any of the places in nearby Squirrel Hill. If you're in Bakery Square and just want something to eat, go to Social where you can get some reasonable food and a beer for the same price as an entree at Asiatique.
5	Arrived at a busy time but service was great. Food was excellent. I liked the flavor of the penang chicken. Time was a great server. I'll go back tp this restaurant again. Two thumbs up
2	The lunch portion was way too small with tiny diced tofus. I couldnt believe how little noodle the dish had when it came out. The drunken noodle was just salty and not tasty. I wouldnt recommend paying $9-10 for this. The walnut street has multiple restaurants that offer more delicious and fresh lunch with cheaper prices.
3	Tried this new Thai restaurant for dinner takeout once and it is so-so. We ordered red curry with chicken and pad Thai with veges and tofu. Both dishes were better than the rubbish that comes out of other supposedly Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh (except for the excellent Nicky's Thai). So that's a plus. However, being better than severely mediocre (or worse) places nearby isn't a good compliment. Worth a try? Yes. Worth going out of your way? Probably not.One thing I noticed was that the menu was relatively short and was missing some Thai mainstays like stirfry dishes. Hopefully that will come in due course. And hopefully the owner, who is from Thailand, will see an opportunity here to not only provide "healthy" Thai but to also introduce more authentic dishes that one would expect to eat if visiting Thailand.
4	So I went to this place with some friends as we live really close by. When we arrived we were seated right away and presented with menus.As I tend to be a little sensitive with spicy food, I asked the waitress about various dishes and their spiciness level and ended up ordering the pad thai with shrimp, which was quite tasty and had plenty of shrimp although it still had the tails . My husband being the spice lover got the pumpkin curry with chicken, which came with some brown rice and per reports was really good. We also ordered the spring rolls for the table and those were nice a crispy and were served with a tasty sweet sauce.  As we were finishing our dishes the owner came to our table to ensure that every one in our party was pleased, which was pretty nice. The wait staff was also very helpful in order to help me find a dish that I would like due to my lack of spice tolerance.Overall I enjoyed the experience and would return. Oh and BTW this place is BYOB.. so bonus for that!!
