2	I love Weinerschnitzel, but this location is FAIL.I went in with a coupon for lunch as I was working down by ASU that day. I placed my order to find out that it would have just been cheaper if I had ordered the combo instead, but then discovered that on top of it all the clerk rang me up wrong. This isn't usually a big deal, so I just asked that they correct my order to the pretzel bun chili dogs that I enjoy so very very much.Short version of the story was that the manager was rude and I had to swipe my card again for another 60-something cents for the pretzel bun upgrades. A good manager would have just done it for having screwed up my order but he copped an attitude with me as well. Maybe he mistook me for an ASU student trying to cause him trouble and not, you know, a paying customer. Who knows.Just make sure you speak slowly and make them read your order back to you (TWICE) and you should be fine.
5	Ok I know this is by the college and just fast food but now with Angus Beef Hot dogs you gotta try this place. Took my family of 4 there for lunch cost $21. The dogs are great, daughter loved the 99 cent corn dog and strawberry lemondade. Yum, quick and cheap when you gotta eat on the run.
4	I really wanted to give these guys 5 stars, but it's the price of things that made me go, "no, I can't."I've been dragged to many Weinerschnitzels in my lifetime because my friends have hot dog cravings and this one was IMPECCABLY clean. I mean, I wasn't scared. The floors were spotless, the tables gleamed, even the serving counter was immaculate. The place where food was put behind the counter was something my anal retentive self fell in love with - it was all sparkly clean, napkins piled neatly and in an orderly fashion. I nearly fainted.I even commented on it and the guy behind the counter said, "We want to have our customers see a clean place. Not a dirty one."Much love as I do have for the cleanliness, I think they made up for it in price. No deals, nothing. I'm used to seeing a dollar menu-ish type of thing. The ones in California have them and I should know because I see the promos for them on TV here in California.I was surprised to see that a chili dog combo (2 chili dogs, medium fries and drink) was $5.99.I should've persuaded my friends to hit costco and gotten the hot dog, drink AND an ice cream for a little over $3.Nice clean place, but dirty high prices for a fast food joint.
3	Back in the day Der Wienerschnitzel was consistently cheap at its very many locations but there aren't too many around anymore and you gotta be careful with your order and use coupons to eat at the prices its quality would mandate.   Corn dogs are still 79 cents all the time, chili dogs are 99 cents only after 9pm without a coupon.The manager is the owner or is paid based on sales as he is kinda stinky about the coupons.  You do have to double check your bill and order "properly" because the specials & coupons won't always ring up right and a combo won't be a combo unless you order it that way.   It is clean, clean, clean.... it MUST be an owner/manager.  Don't forget to ask for onions with the chili dog... who would ever dream you would have to do this?
3	This is one of those restaurants that I had never actually seen until I moved to Arizona.  It was one of those mythological places that I always heard or read about.  Then I try it and find it's not so mythological but it does the trick.I have eaten at Wienerschnitzel a few times since moving here.  It easily surpasses the typical fast food joints.  I'll eat here over McDonald's or Burger King or Taco Bell any day of the week.  The main drawback to Wienerschnitzel is that it's still a typical fast food joint.  Here in Tempe there's other options for dogs that are much better.  I can hit up Ted's or venture into Mesa for a Sonoran dog at Mickey's.  Still, I do visit Wienerschnitzel because it's close and I love eating at a place called Wienerschnitzel.As pure fast food this is a good place to check out.
1	Sadly, I'm giving this place one star and an explanation why it is only getting one star.  The Manger/operator guy.Sure, the food here isn't all that bad.  Probably a half a notch or so higher than most of the hot slop fast food you can get for lunch.  Most of the crew members are pretty attentive, don't seem to be meth addicted, and I see them cleaning the tables on a regular basis.  Looks like the crew changes over quite often, and I know why.My beef is not with the crew members, oh no.  Not with the food or cleanliness of the store.  Nope.  The Manager guy, the guy who looks like a real pussy version of John Leguizamo.  This guy ruins about every trip I have to this joint.  That is my problem with this joint.  Elaboration will proceed now.This guy is without a doubt one of the biggest assholes I have ever encountered in the fast food industry.  Actually, one of the biggest assholes period.  What a douche bag.  Seems like any time I have a coupon, this guy will literally butt in the middle of the order, give me a ration of shit and do about anything possible not to use it.  Seriously, what is it, 30 cents?  I had a store coupon that was on a tray liner a while ago and this nutsack got in the middle of the order, cancelled it and refused to let the coupon be used.  I asked why and he said it was not legit (why was it on the tray liner then fuckhead?) I checked the menu, they would have lost 10 cents.  Lady taking my order after P.J.L. (pussy John Leguizamo) walked away pretty embarassed said "sorry"  Not her fault.  Never saw her working there after then, was probably tired of that guys shit.  I don't blame you.Last trip here, they have promos on their drink cups for free shit.  Awesome.  We all know this is the garbage that costs them nothing but I am a sucker for something free.  On my trip before the last, I got one for a free corndog.  SCORE!  I cash it in on my last trip, and the guy ringing up the order said it would be on a different ticket.  No sweat, I could give a shit less as long as I get my corndog.  Go to get my order, ask where the corndog is.  P.J.L. butts in the middle of the order, says "This is your order, this is what you have" and was a fucking prick about it.  Me, the customer.  Yanks the receipt out of my hand, gives me an attitude about it.  Who the fuck talks to a customer like that, even at a low rent fast food joint?  Fuck you.  Seriously.  The guy who took my order tried to explain the situation and dicknose literally looks at him, puts his hand in front of the guys face, and says "ssssshhhhhh" and snaps his fingers the same way I do to my dogs to keep them barking or eating drywall.  Who degrades their employees like that?  All he was trying to do was explain my free item was on another ticket.  Instead of listening, he made a complete asshat out of himself.  It was a corndog, what does that cost you anyway, about 12 cents in batter, a stick, and a combination of horse eyeballs and badger penis meat?  Dude (cashier guy, tattoo on your arm), tell that guy to get fucked and get a better job.  No one deserves that shit.  I am actually ashamed I didn't say something for you, I truly am.What would have normally gotten a decent review is what it is.  My rant speaks for itself.  One shithead ruins it for the ones working for him.  For the ones working there, I will pray for you.  You need it.  P.J.L., get out of there and become a pimp in Tijuana, they need midget controlling assholes over there.  You would do great at that.
1	We had never been to a Wienerschnitzel before, and after this dinning experience we will probably not be coming back.We were going to Bookmans and thought this might be a good quick stop for something other then tacos and burgers.  Watching some of the LA Angels baseball games on TV this past summer made me think of Wienerschnitzel and their 50 year celebration.  After eating here, I cannot imagine how they lasted that long.  The only other hot dog chain which I have eaten is Nathan's Famous.  Even though Nathan's has it's own short comings, they at least have a product you might actually want to eat, other than at 2 o'clock in the morning.This is a hot dog place, plain and simple. They serve Oscar Meyer type hot dogs, though that might be a disservice to Oscar Meyer.  There is something about their Original hot dog that seems lighter, or air filled.  When I mentioned lighter, I mean that they weights next to nothing.  The bun weights more.  Combined with it's lack of taste, you wonder what you were eating.  In a blindfolded test, you would never guess.For the record, we had couple of Original Hot Dogs, a Polish sandwich Meal deal (which was much better then the dogs), Jalapeno Poppers, Chili fries and two sodas which all amazingly came to $12 or so for the two of us.  They also charge 25 cents extra for a second ranch dressing for the poppers.  Six poppers and only one sauce?  The employees behind the counter were fine.  They were not a factor in on our decision to skip this place in the future.  In the end, it was just the food that was tasteless and uninspiring.  Admitedly, we did not try their Angus beef hot dogs.  So maybe we were missing something from the Weinerschnitzel experience.  Ehh!
1	Several months ago swung by for several hot dogs and three orders of fries. Went through the drive thru and when I got home my order was short. Drove 20 min back to the location and was lucky enough to get attitude from the night manager ( Martine ). He was disgusted that I was angry about the situation. I finally just gave the all the food back and asked for a full refund. He took the food and balled it up and slammed it into the trash can by the counter.He made sure to bill me for the coke I forgot at home. Horrible customer service from this member of their management team.The worst part of all, I contacted Wienerschnitzel 24hr customer service later that evening. The rep was very sorry for my experience and stated she would pass it along to all parties. She informed me I would be contacted as well asap by an operation rep. Three months later not even an email. Horrible customer service.
5	the best!
3	You have to like this kind of food to like this place. I grew up with wienerschnitzel so I love it. The location is generally clean but as with most fast food the service is sub-par and the facility is so so. You don't come here for a 1st class experience so in truth I get exactly what I expect and keep coming back. I wish the workers spoke English but the junk food is great.
2	My son says the hot dogs are pretty good, but the service is not good at all.
3	Cheap hot dogs with various options and incarnations (e.g., Chicago dog, pastrami dog, corn dogs).  You can even get 5 chili dogs for $5, how ridiculously cheap is that?  Everything tastes pretty greasy, as is par for the course with other fast food places.  I tried the Angus pastrami dog, which came on a pretzel bun with mustard and pickle.  There was a decent amount of pastrami on the hot dog, and the hot dog itself had a nice "bite" to it and was juicy.  The pretzel dog looked a little smashed, but tasted OK.  If I'm feeling like a real cheap skate this might be a good option if I want a hot dog, but with Ted's hot dogs close in this vicinity, I'd rather go to Ted's if I want quality vs. quantity/price.
4	The food was great, I had a root beer float and a chicago dog. Also I was surprised at how clean the restaurant was.
1	Totally disappointed. I wasn't paying attention when I pulled into the parking lot and I thought I was going to Whataburger. Imagine my surprise when all I saw was hotdogs on the menu! Took me a minute to figure out why, but once I did, since I was there, I thought I'd try something. Having never been to a Wienerschnitzel before I had to rely on the photos to show me what to expect. Saw the sauerkraut dog and had to order that, has mustard too, perfect way to eat a hot dog. Shakes were on sale, so i got a chocolate one. The shake was ok, it didn't make it back to the office, but not because it was 'awesome', it was because I was thirsty and that's all I had. Got to the office, opened the bag, pulled out the hotdog and, well, was quite disappointed. The photo shows a HOTDOG in a bun with a nice stripe of mustard and a heaping amount of sauerkraut. That is not what I got. I got a hotdog in a BUN, with about a teaspoon of sauerkraut that looked like it was dipped in mustard. Ok, so i'm used to the Costco hotdogs, where you can actually see the dog sticking out each side, so i was expecting as such. That's how the photo looked, but no, no dog sticking out. took me two bites each end to find the hot dog. and it was no bigger around than my finger and was tasteless. Won't go there again.
4	John the man working the counter here was as pleasant as possible,  making sure to check in on us during our meal. He even brought us out free samples of birthday cake ice cream. He definitely made the lunch one to remember!
1	If I could give less I would. In drive through, three cars ahead of me one behind. Waited over ten minutes. Finally car behind me backs out so I can too. Go to Mc Donalds next door get food and pull around and two of the cars ahead of me are still in line. Super poor service. How hard is it to throw a dog on a bun?
5	Jhon gave us great customer service he saw us cleaning the table and immediately stopped us and he cleaned it for us def the best wienerschitzel I have been at it makes me want to come back here and eat someone promote him...he looks like he could be an awsome manager one day
2	We came as a dine-in and the cashier taking our order is the same one taking the drive-thru orders, so while ordering our food we kept getting interrupted. We went for the classic hot dogs and (unknowinglt) they since added a new beef hot dog which we picked. We weren't given the option for cheese so we received shredded cheese. After realizing the all beef all hotdog wasn't the original, we asked and were told about the original hotdog was different so we ordered another hotdog and also asked about the cheese, we were told it was the original cheese was american sliced cheese (in which we weren't given that option). So after we finally thinking we got our "original" hotdog, it had some bad tasting wheat bun??? Yuck... we were disappointed with the changes and won't be eating here again.
1	$.30 cents  ladies and gentlemen --- $.30 cents, that is the cost of good customer service. While treating my severely pregnant friend to a chili cheese dog today at Wienerschnitzel.. We experience what we like to refer to as the most odd, awkward and severely uncomfortable situation ever experienced at such a "fine establishment." We place our order, Young nice girl... Slightly clueless though. I order what I feel is pretty damn simple, chili cheese Coney,all beef of course, and a small curly fry. My friend orders large curly fry and a chilli cheese dog.   We sit down and wait for  our food... 5 to 10 minutes later my tray arrives -all beef chili cheese dog and a small regular fry. The same nice, young , sweet and again sightly clueless girl smiles.. I remind her I ordered the curly fry and she quickly remembers that yes, I did order a curly fry and takes the tray back. In the meantime my friends food arrives, and it looks fucking delicious. Five minutes goes by and this young buck, with a pretty freaking sweet headset, comes over to our table.. He proceeds to tell me that "small curly fries have an up charge of $.30 cents." We look at each other,  we look at him and say okay? Let's just give you an idea of how awkward the next 15 seconds went....Silence. He tells us again "small curly fries are $.30 cents more than a regular fry... You ordered a  curly fry and she only charged you for a regular fry, so it's $.30 cents more." At this point we are baffled... My friend finally asked "oh she's supposed to give you $.30 cents more for you guys messing up her order?" He of course replies yes like that's normal.. Because again for probably the fifth time now he's reminded us that it's a $.30 cents up charge for a curly fry. Well, I let him know that I paid with a credit card and that I do not have any cash, he said that's okay we take credit card... No sir I do not want to put $.30 cents on my credit card because you messed up my order --I'll pass thank you very much. He smiles fixes his headset, thrust his hips left to right and is on his way back to his kingdom of wieners. At this point we could only laugh and think of how freaking pathetic it is that for $.30 cents they made themselves look like assholes.  Let's be honest, it's only $.30 cents...But I feel that that statement goes both ways.  Don't you worry folks, the story is not over, five minutes later he brings over the original small fry... That is now of course cold.  Good old Wienerschnitzel... Where you have to pay for their mistakes.
4	Have not been here this year.My experience of roughly 20 visits was always good with zero problems or complaints. I enjoyed many different things. It was never fast but not a problem. Always clean, orders correct and polite. No drive through experience. I enjoyed everything and liked trying things.
4	Ok, we stopped in for their "special" which is 3 chili burgers, 3 chili dogs and 3 small fries.  We asked if we could substitute and get 2 chili burgers, 2 chili dogs, 2 corn dogs and 3 small fries.  The cashier said he didn't know but would enter it to see. Good news!! Yes, all of that for $9.99.  The food was honestly only 3 stars... Which of course is just basic... Not bad, not great.  The reason for the 4th star is the shift manager TONY.  He was very personable, checked in us 2 times to see if we needed/wanted anything else.  Mind you, this is a fast food establishment.  The counter area was immaculate, the dining area was SPOTLESS, the floor was clean and the restrooms were very clean.  Generally when a restaurant is this clean it is a direct reflection of management and their commitment to having a well run shop.  Hats off to Tony and his crew in this regard.The food, as I said earlier was only so so, but the overall experience was exceptional.  We got out corn dog, chili dog fix so we probably won't be back for a while, but I wanted to share what I felt about superlative service.
1	Hire people who want to work and are not a joke! Every time we go to this location they always say the ice cream maker never works???? Really? Every Thursday and Friday for six months? And what is ridiculous is they try to cover for each other when you ask as to why it isn't working and when?  They are bad liars and bad hires. Look at your numbers owner and how much cash you really pull in? Our team use to go there but now we no longer do. FYI the hot dog buns are cold and hard!
5	I have grown up with Wienerschnitzel all my life and I love there chili dogs. I always make a stop through this location for their 5 for 555 especial and the staff is always friendly and they always provide me with outstanding service. The store is always clean and inviting . Great job!
