4	Great pizza at a great price! We order from this place even though it's on the other side of Matthews from where we live. Sure beats Domino's or Papa John's.
3	Good not great pizza. This is a chain store there big thing is flavored crusts which is pretty good. I go with butter!Allergy alert: Their sauce does not have garlic in it so if you know of someone who has a garlic allergy they can eat this pizza sauce without worry of garlic (make sure to check again before trying it, just to make sure).
3	Hungry Howie's satiates that pizza craving for less G's than Papa Johns or Pizza Hut and is marginally more satisfying than Little Caesars.   I was full and content, but not overly impressed.Hungry Howies drew me in with cheap pizza deals.  On Wednesdays, you can get 3 one-topping pizzas from $5 a pie, so I figured "Why Not?".  When I got there, the place was packed and the staff were understandably taxed by all the orders.  Good peeps, though.  The crust was...well, spongy for a lack of a better word.  Not crispy, but kinda chewy.  The chewiness was exacerbated by warming up leftovers the next  day (no, I didn't eat all three in one day).  The cheese and the sauce tasted fresh and the toppings had atleast some flavor.Overall, not a bad place to get pizzas from your workplace or groups of people that you nominally like.  I can't stay that my pizza craving won't sway me back if I happen to be in this shopping center, starving, and get a whiff of baking pizza.  My pizza craving doesn't discriminate....
2	I had a great relationship with this particular Howie's store until a couple of weeks back, when I got a call from the manager informing me that his driver could not deliver to my area.  I explained to him that I had ordered from his store several times and the drivers always delivered it to me without any problem.  In fact, the Howie's website lists his store as the Howie's that is supposed to service my part of town.  He simply said that he couldn't help me and refunded my money (I had already placed the order and was waiting for my pizza for an hour.  The manager said he tried to call but apparently the low rent employee who took my order wrote down my number incorrectly.)  I love Howie's pizza but this particular store is clueless.  Don't depend on them for anything.
3	This is for the Indian Trail location, which is sadly not up on Yelp as of yet.I usually hate chain pizza places, just hate 'em. It's not real pizza. Pizza Hut, Papa John's, and Dominos are THE worst and sadly the most popular. Ever since Li'l Ceasars made a return to the area, but they've gone downhill in the quality department....either that or I was really just a dumb teenager who didn't know any better. (Hey, Godfathers was great back in the day, too!...I think.) Cici's isn't "pizza" like Taco Bell isn't "Mexican", so don't even bring that up. It's just garbage. Donato's is okay, just pricey.There are better pizzas to be found in the area, but this review is for "chain restaurant" pizza and Hungy Howie's is probably the best. It reminds me of the pizza Little Ceasars made back in the day. It's fast, it's cheap, and it's pretty damn tasty. It's gotta be the crust...the garlic-butter crust. I've tried their other flavored crusts but this one can't be beat. This is one of the only chain joint that knows how to properly cook their pepperoni. The edges of the pepperoni get that little bit of char around the rim. Deeelicious!Your pal,Walter
4	Stopped in here because the kids were hungry, yet again.  The pizza is made to order and their speciality is flavored crust made with different flavors including onion, butter cheese, garlic herb, and sesame.  We opted for original.  I like the pizza size options.  Medium is quite a bit and was plenty for the three of us to have a snack after we'd already had dinner.  The place was pretty busy as I guess there are a lot of hungry kids coming out of the dance studio.
3	The Howie bread was excellent, the pizza was ok....  too much sauce, causing it to be soggy, but still pretty good
1	I've been craving breadsticks since I picked up some from Target. (Pizzahut breadsticks) (they're so good!)Anyways ,So this is right by where we live, I ordered the howie bread. It's so chewy,not like jets doughy that you can actually chew , this is like chewing a piece of rubber. Whatever seasoning they put on top it has no flavor whatsoever with a hint of bitter.I couldn't eat it after the first piece.Bland $5 of waste!
