4	This is a great sports bar in north scottsdale.  No 'snottsdale' folks here.Saturdays they have specials on their burgers, which are delicious.  They also have Taco Tuesdays, with discounted tacos.  Their menu has the usual mexican favorites and some good appetizers.  A good sports bar for the whole family to enjoy.
4	Nice neighborhood sports bar.  Good drink specials.  The food is nothing to write home about, but not bad, either.  It pairs up with an OTB section connected to it.  Not a huge place, so it can get crowded with the after-work, before dinner crowd...The bartenders are very nice.  Plenty of tv's to watch the day's action.  My only issue is that the clientelle can get pretty loud and obnoxious, so I would not bring children...
3	Good sports bar on Thunderbird and Scottsdale road. Went here to see a band do beatles covers all night (excellent). Had a great time with Mexican food for dinner and plenty of inexpensive drinks.Atmosphere is VERY casual and includes an off track betting area.
3	This place is nothing special but it is special.  It has a very unique clientelle who are very loyal.  It reminds me of one of those places you see in TV where the working stiff's pony up to the bar and order a shot and a beer (beer and a bump) from he weathered looking bartender.  The food is pretty good. I had some kind of deep friend mushrooms stuffed with bleu cheese and wrapped in bacon.  Yum!  The beer is served in a football shaped glass for a touch of "dive bar".   The off track betting draws the old and tattered crowd who are living one day to the next and having a good time doing it.  The servers here are VERY nice and some will even call you "honey".  Don't ever second guess one of them though because they are on the ball and will be insulted if you second guess their order taking ability.  :)
1	I can't really write a very detailed description on this because we stayed only for 10 minutes. After walking in and finding that my husband and I were the youngest in there, by like 30 years, we had one round of nasty tasting drinks and left.  On a plus, the waitress was very nice. The atmosphere not so much. We didn't get a chance to taste the food.
4	I actually like Brennan's, you wouldn't really think their food would be as good as it is.  I typically order Mexican type stuff and haven't been disappointed.  I went a few days ago for lunch with a couple friends after a golf game and everybody really enjoyed their meal.  I had fajitas and my friends had carnitas and grilled chicken salad, good portions, decent salsa and guacamole and BIG pop/tea glasses!!  I've never done 'real' drinks there, but I will say that football season does indeed bring a good share of rowdy fans so I agree that it's not a good place to bring the kids.Their prices can be a little high, but there's always coupons from the Entertainment book or restaurant.com-our bill was less than $20 with a GC from the latter :)
3	I go here often for lunch so I figured I would write a little something about it... Love the hot sauce and the food is pretty good! I've been here at night time also to play a little trivia. All in all, it's not the most fancy place to go but its a good spot if you want to have some lunch, do a little off track betting or just go for some drinks and food after work. Definitely filled with locals but all are friendly. Quite a few TVs if you want to see a game.
1	All this bar cares about is your money & your money only. They do not care about individuals themselves. They willingly will treat people horribly just because they like another customer better. It is rather childish if you ask me.  There are plenty of other sports bars that have better prices, better food, better drinks, better atmosphere, and friendly employees. They also have a location at bell & 32nd st. I would not suggest going there either considering it is the same owner.
2	working in north scottsdale now, i thought i would explore some bars i havent been to and take in some happy hours.brennans is a mexican sports bar. but they show more than just soccer. a decent bar area and setup of tvs all around. 20oz football shaped glasses for 3.25 domestic was a little less than a preferred deal, but i do like that glass. free chips and salsa is a plus, and pretty good. went with the hot buffalo wings. i consider them average above. not above average, but good for average wings. under 5 bucks. (im on a never ending quest to find a better hh deal/taste than zipps, not that i want to succeed at that)im debating whether to go back again to try out the other menu items since it is a mexican place and i only got wings. maybe probably someday. i think the off-track betting room scares the girls away cause i didnt see one in the entire place.this place is okay to try if youre bored with everywhere else.
3	I went last night after kickball for some after game festivities and had a fun night.  The food is good and pitchers of beer are cheap.  Plus they let us play flip-cup in the back.  =)  The only bad part of last night was I ordered a Blue Moon and it was $6.50 for the pint which is just outrageous so I went back to the cheap beers for the rest of the night.  The cheese crisps are very good here.
3	Back again for Kickball post game party.  I decided to eat last night as I was still a little under the weather.  I got the special which was 3 steak street tacos and re-fried beans for about $8.  As I was waiting I could smell the steak and onions grilling up in the back and even the people next to me were asking what that was cause it smelled great.  Out came my tacos and I was excited to get my grub on.  They were plenty filling and went well with my still overpriced Blue Moon.  Overall still a 3 as the food is good and the beer is still a bit pricey for non Bud Light drinkers.
3	Went back last night for our end of season kickball party.  I had a beer and a dozen spicy hot wings.  The wings were mediocre they were spicy but a bit too much on the vinegar side for my liking.  I like my wings hot and full of flavor.   My beer was a 20oz. for $3.25 which was a decent deal I just wish they offered that on all beers not just watered down domestics.
4	Being a Zen Buddhist, Condor is familiar with the combination of opposites: ying/yang; black/white; those days when Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model Kim Alexis would not stop calling me. Which leads me to my favorite Irish Pub that serves great Mexican food: Brennan's.On the first visit, what brought me to Brennan's was The Sport of Kings, Off Track Betting.  What brought me back was the soft chicken tacos.  What brought me home was a cab because I bet my car on the fifth at Del Mar and lost to some lucky unknown horse named Zenyatta.On the second visit, Companion and I were back for the chicken tacos.  The flour tortilla was so fresh, Companion compared it to a soft pita. I compared a part of Companion to a soft pita and she hurled the side red sauce at me.  (Fortunately, the sauce was one of the colors of my Hawaiian print shirt, so the stain wasn't too obvious).Making amends over her cranberry Margarita (Recipe: Margarita with a teaspoon of cranberry for color), Companion settled back in to relishing the tacos.  In her state of bliss, she didn't even hesitate when I asked to borrow $60 to bet  a horse named "Tequila Mockingbird". Well Boo Radley had a better chance of winning the race and, when informed  of the loss, Companion immediately hurled the side of green sauce at my Hawaiian print shirt. (Again, stain blended right in with the colors).I will be going back to Brennan's soon,  although after a trip to the Dry Cleaners.
