5	I have been to Kaya three times within the past month.  And I can give them a solid 4.5 stars each and every time.First visit:* Steamed Pork Belly (Marinated and steamed Pork Belly with condiments) $15.95 - Comes with leaves, thinly sliced radish, sliced jalapenos, sliced garlic, kimchee, etc.  Place it altogether with a slice of pork belly and oh so yum.  Definitely meant for sharing, and more than enough for two people!* Korean Seafood Pancake - Loaded with lots of seafood, and really good.* Spicy Sashimi - Generous portion, but perhaps a bit too much. * Something Wrong Roll - Whatever was in there, it was really good and we were fighting to get an extra piece.Our waitress was super helpful and we didn't know what else to order beyond the seafood pancake.  She made the other recommendations and were so very pleased with her suggestions.    Second visit: New addition to the menu is AYCE sushi for $22.95 (until midnight).  Beyond the standard nigiri, rolls, and appetizers, we also had:* Bulgogi (steamed beef) - Generous for one, so go with one order first to see if it's something you like.* Skewers: bacon & shrimp, gingko, garlic, chicken gizzard, shrimp, beefCame for a small party and they were very accommodating for our group.  Even brought out a special dessert for the birthday boy and didn't complain with all the splitting of the checks.  Our waiter, Sunny, took care of us and really made sure we were having a good time.Third visit: AYCE sushi again!* Steamed black mussel* Ahi poki* Fried jabchae* Spicy Korean ramen* Skewers: bacon & scallop, mushroomService was a bit slower this time, but they apologized and threw in a bottle of free beer.  We didn't mind as much since we got to linger and enjoy our meal more. Their nigiri is pretty good.  Generous slices of fish and not a whole lot of rice.  That's pretty much what had us coming back the second time for AYCE.  Skewers as part of the AYCE menu is also what we enjoyed - especially the chicken gizzards, the garlic, bacon & scallop, shrimp, beef, etc.  Their steamed black mussels came with a creamy sauce that was good.  Soft shell crab appetizers are also available, including tempura.  Noodle dishes included are udon and ramen.  Rice dishes include fried rice, teriyaki chicken and beef bowls.Dessert is limited to vanilla, strawberry or green tea ice cream, limit one.For a relatively new restaurant, they are busy!  We even saw Mr. Lee's son the last two times we went! (From Lee's Liquor)  AYCE sushi with some Korean thrown in there?  Works for us and we have very pleased bellies when we leave.They also have a frequent visitor card - Buy 10 AYCE, get 1 free!(Pics posted!)
5	I went to Kaya on Monday, 8/10/2009.It was just after midnight.  I had just picked my boyfriend up from work, and we were both starving.  We're new to the city.  Although I know Vegas is supposed to be a 24 hour city, I feared that only "drunk food" would be available that late, especially on a Monday.I happened to spot Kaya by accident, while cruising down Spring Mountain road.  Behold, an "open" sign still illuminated!  I would much rather have sushi than chicken strips any day, so we flipped a bitch and pulled in.    And open they were indeed.  Until 3am.  Every night.  Glorious!The ambiance was nothing remarkable, but pleasant enough.  The lighting was soft and warm, with some christmas lights strung about.  A few decorative masks inhabited the walls.  The booths were spacious and clean.Both my boyfriend and I opted for the "All You Can Eat" dinner deal, which was $22.95 a person.  I haven't been to any other AYCE sushi bars in the city, but I thought their selection was great:  - appetizers, including pot-stickers, baked mussels, and various kinds of tempura.  - a number of exotic grilled skewers, including beef tongue, ginkgo nuts, shrimp, sweet potatoes, and scallops.- all the standard rolls you'd expect, including yellowtail, spicy tuna, california, and the like- 20 kinds of nigiri sushi- 30 different "specialty" rolls- fried rice and noodles- ice cream for dessertWe ordered miso soup, edamame, and ahi poke to start.  The soup and edamame were alright - nothing special - but the ahi poke was great!  It was spicy and savory, with firm chunks of fish and crisp onions.  Next, we shared squid, scallop, and eel nigiri, and two specialty rolls:  the "Big Mac" roll and the "Kaya" roll.Now, the nigiri was lovely, don't get me wrong.  The fish was fresh and flavorful, and they didn't just put a tiny shred of meat on a giant mound of rice, like some AYCE places do.  But seriously, I need to tell you about the Kaya roll.  It blew everything else out of the water.Oh the blessed Kaya roll.  It was composed  of creamy avocado and spicy tuna, offset by crunchy asparagus, all wrapped up in white tuna.  Then - get this - they drizzle the delicious bastard in green cilantro salsa and sprinkle it with masago.  Somehow, the chef achieved harmony between all these ingredients.  I tasted every single one of them!  AND IT WAS GREAT.  My boyfriend was head-over-heels for it, too.  Seriously, the Kaya roll is like fish crack.  It's likely illegal in 24 states. After making sweet love to the Kaya roll, the Big Mac roll was like "meh."  I'm not even going to bother describing it.After all that, I was stuffed, but my boyfriend decided to get a beef tongue skewer, just to see what it was like.  It smelled divine.  He seemed to really enjoy it.  I think next time I'll start with a skewer instead of boring old soup/edamame.  We were too full for ice cream.We also had the house sake and a beer.  They don't serve cocktails at Sushi Kaya.I'd also like to add that the service was spectacular, even though there only seemed to be one waiter on the floor that night.  He was busting ass to make sure everyone was taken care of.  We gave him a super tip.A+++, would gorge again.
4	Let the ratings begin,  but don't be in a rush like reviewer "john h".  You don't go to an AYCE sushi bar and say give me everything NOW!!!!  That's insulting and rude.  Now to what you want to know about Kaya.  First, for night owl people like me, it's open till 3AM everyday.  Vegas restaurant's are finally staying open late for the people who work late shifts.Oh, the food, sorry.  Lets just say that I ate all my usual sushi and everything was right on.  Jay, the (sushi chef) was very nice and attentive.  They have an extensive menu including Korean dishes which is also included in the AYCE price.  My first time was a charm and I do look forward to going back and trying the non sushi stuff.
4	One of the BEST sushi buffet that I have ever had!  To me it is the variety and the taste/quality of the food that sets it apart from the other buffets.  Back and front of menu with LOTS of options to eat.  The food you get are not "buffet" taste, i.e. bland or stuffed with crap, it was pretty much what you expect to get at a decent sushi restaurant, with the addition of korean dishes.When you hear of All You Can Eat Sushi, I bet you think of 5 rolls, 5 nigiris, 3 appetizers, green tea ice cream - ALL tasting hella nasty, huh?  Well, you won't find none of that crap here.  True the sign says "All You Can Eat Sushi", but they serve way more than just sushi.  They serve lots of korean dishes also - japchae, bulgogi, "punkin gongee" (think it should be pumpkin congee), etc.  I think the items that you should really try are the skewers (they have bacon wrapped scallop, bacon wrapped shrimp, shrimp, beef, "galic" (garlic), sweet potato, mushroom, and more!!).  All were good, but the best to me has to be the beef and sweet potato.  There must be a reason why they limit this to only one per person right?The sushi rolls were of decent quality and size, not like the rolls of lots of imitation crap, I mean crab, and rice to stuff you full.  Compared to true sushi restaurants it was be in the middle of the pack, but compared to buffets it is at the top.  Who serves good tasting rolls at a buffet??  No one usally, except for Kaya.  (Hooray!)  The fish used on the nigiri were cut quite thin and not of the best quality, but very edible and tasty.  What do you expect from a buffet?  The rolls are presented well on the plates and are pretty much very tasty.  Menu says each roll costs $12.95 if ordered separate, so eat up boys and girls and make it worth your money!!They only have strawberry, vanilla, and green tea ice cream for dessert.  You will be stuffed by trying one of each skewer, many nigiris and rolls, bulgogi, japchae, etc. to be thinking of more dessert than a scoop of ice cream.  They only limit it to one scoop of one kind per person.  Mixed review on this.  =/Went here at midnight and it was pretty full still.  The atmosphere was cool.  Mix of korean/hip hop songs and the customers being loud and having fun.  The people (customers and waiters) were korean, the special menu items on wall were in korean, the music was korean, some menus was in korean.  The food was good, the music was good, the service was good - what more can you ask for?!?Food was good for an all you can eat buffet.Service was good and attentive - always asking if there is anything else we would like.Maybe one more star added if they took off the restrictions on the skewers and ice cream.  =PWill I be back??  HELL YEAH!!  I would take this any day over buffets at any of the hotels on the strip.
2	Went to Kaya with my roommate, since she said the food was good the last time she went with her friends.  We arrived about 7:15pm on a Friday night, and the place wasn't too crowded and the service was good.We ordered some nigri sushi and some of the skewers (bacon wrapped scallops - decent; beef tongue - under-seasoned, disappointed).  Most of the fish are good, but some were not too fresh.  Also tried the Sweety Roll (based on previous Yelp review) and was really disappointed at how this tempura-style roll turned out to be.  The roll is big, but also filled with mostly rice.  The eel sauce it was dressed with tasted burnt=bitter, which is mostly not how eel sauce is supposed to taste like here normally.Also tried the Rock & Roll (which the waiter said was a cucumber wrapped roll without rice) served with a kiwi sauce.  When the roll arrived, I can clearly see that whoever prepared it was no experienced sushi master or even someone with a decent knife skill (cucumber slice was uneven and on the thick side). The roll is also wrapped in seaweed with lots of rice and the fish described in the menu, which is then wrapped in the thick cucumber sheet. The kiwi sauce was okay, most likely made by blending mayo + some kiwi + sugar, which I thought was interesting to try, but nothing to write home to rave about.Service from the waitstaff also suffered once we have been there for about 30 minutes, since there were a few groups of 5 or 6 that arrived. It was difficult to place new orders, get refills on our beverages, until additional waitstaff stepped in to help out.Overall, I would say that it is a decent AYCE sushi experience for the $29 (incl tax and tip, no other beverages).  But if you go, stick to their nigiri and appetizer menu.  The special rolls sounds good on paper, but falls short on taste and execution. Also sit at the sushi bar if you can, so you can at least ask the sushi chefs what fish is fresh and what you should avoid.
4	First off, go with all you can eat!!!Good fresh sushi...everything was good, good menu choices, etc The thing keeping it from being 5 stars is slow service (I think it was because I was eating too much) plus the lady kept asking me if I was sure, yes now bring the sushi! The other thing was they don't offer half roles...this is key for all you can eat. I like to sample & not be committed to a whole role (ya so I have committment issues haha)My favorite spot sushi Mon on Maryland/silverado is still the best but about $27 for dinner. For the value this is a close 2nd, Kaya is only $22
3	wow! i was soooo surprised. this place is great for the price.you have to get the all you can eat for 22.95for the price, the quality is decent. i give it an A- on a AAA scaleit is a regular sushi bar menu, some things are limited to 1 order per person such as uni, oyster & sweet shrimp (which are all delish!!!!the rolls are good, they are not "all you can eat stingy" if you know what i mean. they do not over load you with rice & skimp you on the fish.i recommend the kaya rollthe appetizers are good, and so are the skewers. i love this place!! highly recommended to anyone coming to vegas & they dont want to spend a whole lot on the strip!i will def. come here more than i love sushi on the eastside, just for the great price & my full tummy :)
3	I like the small plates more than anything in their AYCE.Good robata/skewers (I like gizzards and bacon wrapped scallops the best but order them all), ahi poke is good, I love fried soft shell crab and can eat a bunch of those critters! Bulgogi was flavorful. Kaya and spicy albacore rolls are favorites here, but I'm not really a roll person so "favorite" doesn't equate to fucking fantastic but just good. I wish they did half rolls as some rolls we ordered were just okay and didnt really want to eat a whole of something wrong. Nigiri is hit and miss for me, few times were okay and some days top notch freshness- still a decent spread and not skimpy on the fish or rice heavy. It seems though the fresher times were a while back when it first started the AYCE and has since been lesser quality. We've gone during quiet times like near when they open at 5pm and sometimes even the service is hit and miss then. We just have to wave her down sometimes as she'll be off doing something but not major neglect- just gotta be assertive sometimes to let them know you need something. Docked the one star for the hit and miss service and one star for the no half rolls and also each time we've gone, more and more items have become "one order per person"...almost all the robatas except the potato and ginko and garlics are 1o.p.p. The nigiri quality wasn't as good the last visit. It was a place I'd say was good, but now it stands as A-OK so I'm looking for a better place to AYCE.
5	Since my first review, I have eaten at Kaya about 20 times, and it just keeps getting better with every visit.  This place is my favorite sushi bar EVER.  I've eaten sushi in a dozen different metropolitan areas, and this is place takes the prize.  The wait staff are so friendly.  And don't forget to try sitting at the sushi bar.  When the chefs are not busy, they'll sometimes make you something creative and off-menu.
5	A hidden gem! How did we find this awesome sushi place? By accident. Because the Japanese restaurant upstairs was packed and we didn't want to wait because we were hungry. Although I still wonder how come this place is never packed when we go. But I ain't gonna complain because then that means we don't have to wait.I wish we had something like this in LA. We do, but this one is better. You get an ice cream dessert for in all you can eat sushi!Ever since we found this place, it's becoming a tradition (for me at least) to hit up this spot whenever we're in Vegas. This ain't no Todai... where they leave the sushi sitting for hours. It's made to order. And, this owns all buffets on the strip. I love me some sushi! They also have skewers on the list.The sushi is fresh. The mackerel and ono just melts in your mouth. And just the variety of rolls you can choose from... it's insane. Even better around lunch time when it's only $19.95. You really get a stretch for dollah dolla bills, and some more. Oh and they let you eat for 2 hours whereas in some places they only give you an  hour limit. Even if you've been there for two hours... they weren't really anal about it that they'll kick you out.And did you know they have a punch card? Free AYCE after (I believe) 10 visits (something like that). If I lived closer... I'll probably get my freebie at the end of the month.
3	The all you can eat is a good deal at around 22 bucks, but there are some hits and misses. AHI POKE is where it's at! definitely one of the better versions of this dish I have tried. My favorite thing we ordered!Service is excellent, although why the poor girls walk around in short jean shorts and button down shirts is beyond me....all very polite though.Soft shell crab was unappetizing and a few rolls are not great, as a matter of fact, not really worth ordering.The only roll that stood out was the spicy albacore roll, which was good; up to par with excellent sushi places, everything else was bland and forgettable.Robata skewers are nice to have on the menu and some came out cooked well, bacon wrapped shrimp came out extremely charred (burnt?). If you are looking for this though there are better places in town.Not sure if I will come back anytime soon, but if anyone wants to take me back to change my opinion I am ok with that.
1	Listen fellow yelpers! Who ever says that Kaya deserves more than 1 star must be out of their minds! Or haven't had the chance to have REAL FRESH sushi! Rolls does not count as real sushi by the way. Nigiri Sushi is served fresh and raw.  Besides when you go to a Sushi restaurant, wouldn't you want to try the Nigiri first to ensure that fish quality is fresh before you order the rolls? I mean, the sushi rolls would be hard to tell if the fish is fresh. Rolls are a concoction of mixed ingredients rolled up with fish and rice. So, here are my critiques of Kaya's AYCE sushi:Depressing!! Fish quality is so poor that we enjoyed eating the overloaded rice more. Nigiri sushi is supposed to be fresh, melting in your mouth at each taste. Yellow tail, salmon, white tuna and all of the other fish that we courageously ordered are not suppose to taste the same! Kaya's fish leaves an everlasting taste of sourness in your mouth.Appetizers were not bad.The Skewers is definitely NOT the art of Robatta grill that Japanese tradition takes pride of. No why wonder they called it skewers on the menu and not Yakitori!We gave it a another chance and ordered the Kaya roll. Perhaps, thinking we can leave saying that one item was actually good.  Kaya roll was welted! I mean, you can tell by the thinly sliced green onion that was crinkly and trying to hide the stale fish with the rest of the concoction. We ordered green tea ice cream for dessert. We took one bite and instantly it had a floral taste in our mouths, as if we were eating cold air freshener! I am sorry fellow yelpers, but Kaya is not a hidden gem nor fresh sushi! Perhaps, our fellow yelper Natalie L. can agree to this! The after taste in my mouth is so bad that I had to eat a snicker bar to satisfy my horrible lunch!!P.S.I cannot stress the fact that Xtreme Sushi is the best AYCE sushi in town for the price and fish quality!
1	In search for an alternative to Xtreme Sushi AYCE that is closer to my home, my friends and I gave Kaya Sushi a chance.I walked in the restaurant with a hefty appetite.  When the appetizers came out, the chicken gizzard tasted decent but was not well done enough to my liking.  The calamari tempura was chewy and the shrimp tempura coating was too thick, thus, not crispy all the way though.As an avid sushi eater, I mainly order nigiris and hand rolls.  All of the fish tasted the same - hamachi, ono and salmon.  It was bland.  The rice tasted better than the fish!  The unagi was palatable but took 20 minutes before it got to the table.  The salmon skin handroll had too much rice and the salmon skin tasted stale and been deep fried from yesterday's dish.  The Kaya sushi roll was overpowered with its cilatro sauce which was really sour and again, stale ingredients - not just the fish in it but everything else.  Finally, I ordered green tea ice cream to cleanse my tortured taste buds.  Since I was sure ice cream was not made in house, I figured they could not screw this up.  But they must have the cheapest type of green tea ice cream coz it tasted like floral air freshener.  It just got worse by the minute.  They advertised AYCE for 2 hours but I dont know who would want to stay for 5 minutes.  If a place serves frozen lemon slices and dried out green onion, it makes me assume that all their other ingredients have been prepacked from dinasour age and stuffed in the freezer.
1	In addition to my bad review for Kaya, a shocking discovery was made when I checked out my bank statement. Kaya was not only slow during our lunch hour visit, forgotten an item, served frozen lemons with our waters, they actually managed to charge twice on my credit card and didn't charge my friend's credit card. Seriously!!?? How confusing is a Wells Fargo credit card versus a Bank of America Credit card!! She had 3 tables in the whole restaurant, during our meal (should I even call it a meal?). Apparently to the Kaya server, it is as confusing as black and white.  Willful stupidity absolutely makes me livid!So, I phoned the manager and asked to be credited ASAP. She talked me into coming down and accepting cash for the duplicate charge.  After patiently waiting for 15 minutes inside the restaurant, I began feeling strangulated because of strong emotion that reminded me of my horrible eating experience! Additionally, the manager had the nerve to ask for my friend's contact information so she can properly charge him on his credit card! The frozen lemons, welted vegetables and rancid sushi must have gotten to her crazy head!  Gracefully grabbing my cash from her hand, my look of despair and silence concluded her query!! One great thing out of this is that my out of town friend had a free horrible lunch which I don't mind paying for....
3	I came here to celebrate my friend's birthday, it's all u can eat sushi, the price is 22$ per person, I think the sushi is decent, I heart the beef skewer, and the tuna salad, the soft shell crab was so so, ( we asked two orders for the soft shell crab, the first time, the shell crab was really tasty, but then the second order came out, it was too salty, may be because they were too busy, the scallop was also very good too, my friend ordered the spicy udon noodles, the texture of the noodle reminded of the Korean rice cake dish,sweet and spicyI do not like the service here, they were too slow, they did not refill our tea  until we asked them twice,  and they charged us 18% for the tip, wth,and one more thing, after stuffing all the meat and fish, we wanted to have some salad, but the salad was not fresh, and the salad dressing was mediocre,
3	3.5 stars for meee.Lunch $19.95Dinner$21.95/$22.95 i forgot.I was a little skeptical going here, we've always wanted to try their AYCE but we weren't sure if it was going to live up to our expectations hah. here goes my long review.I had dinner here last night with the bf around 7 and it was packed. I really liked the atmosphere, tables were full and there was a party in the karaoke room so it was a little loud, and not so good singing haha kind of added to the fun atmosphere. Overall i liked the dining experience Korean/Japanese, nice deco, fun atmosphere(they were playing K-pop the whole time) loved it! , friendly waitresses/chefs, fast service, cheap AYCE (2 hours!!), and good but not great food. I was starving when we got there so i ordered alot of side-orders for the first round, we got:Skewers:] i was a big fan of these really tasty! you could only order one of each per person so we tried all of them except for the gizzards, the only one that i didnt like were the beef tongue but i've never tried it before so my opinion probably doesn't count for that. Pan fried Udon: Really good, it had a korean feel to it, i think they had a kimchee mix in there but it wasnt too overwhelming, the only problem with this is when we left my udon plate was still there. Their size for this order is huge for AYCE, it was like a regular order and i think this got me kinda full fast. Shrimp tempura: we got two orders of this and it was hot when it came out yummy and i was a fan of their tempura sauce kinda sweet-issh.AHI poke: Def get this if you like Ahi poke, very flavorful and fresh tuna.Baked Mussles: has a teriyaki sauce. ordered this couple of times.fI think we ordered more but these Appetizers really made my $22 worth it already without the sushi. Other appetizers are Kimchee fried rice, shrimp fried rice, bulgogi, fresh oysters, beef bowl, korean noodles, etc. For the sushi.. I was a little disappointed, if this review was based on their wide selection of Appetizers i would have given them 5 stars. but for the sushi and nigiri for me they kind of fell short.We ordered salmon, tuna, yellow tail, cajun albacore, ama ebi, scallop.  - it was okay, some the salmon was kind of fresh but the others kind of tasted weird to me and the cajun albacore was drowned with like this vinegar taste. For the rolls we ordered the OMG roll and the Spider roll, maybe we should of tried other ones but after forcing ourselves to finish the OMG roll.. oh my gah i guess we now know why its called that.The OMG roll was california roll with chunks of tuna on top of it with bigger chunks of tomatoes covered in their version of the dynamite sauce.. dont get it!! the way they arranged the roll wasnt how we expected it and we were unaware that they had tomatoes in it...yuck..The spider roll was pretty good, i dont think this roll could ever be bad.for dessert you could only get one ice cream:[ bummer!choices are vanilla, strawberry, and green tea. All in all this place has good AYCE side dishes, really great selection, okay sushi, and great service. Just a side note if you're going to eat there dont wear a white blouse with shorts! that was what i was wearing and if i walked around the place people would have asked me for orderss..i would go back here again to try their regular menu though.
2	Alas, my friends, it is with a heavy heart that I must demote Sushi Kaya from five stars to only two.  Since August, I have visited this establishment over 20 times, and until recently, always found the quality to be consistent.  My last 2 visits (5/1/2010 and 5/12/2010) were extremely disappointing.As usual, my friends and I purchased the All You Can Eat sushi, and proceeded to order our favorites.  We were all in good spirits, expecting the feast that was to come - until we saw the food. In the past, I would struggle to eat a piece of Kaya's nigiri sushi in a single bite.  The chefs cut the fish thick and broad, so that it completely covered its bed of rice.  Not anymore.  The mackerel, salmon, and yellowtail nigiri I received had been reduced to half the size, at least.This, in of itself, is not a problem at an AYCE place.  I could overlook it as a cost-control measure, if the quality of the fish had not declined to the same pittance as the portion.  The fish was decidedly old - even a little dry in spots.  The chefs tried to cover up the worst selections with ponzu sauce.  I love ponzu, but on nigiri?  Sacrilege.   Rolls proved more palatable, if only for the multitude of ingredients drowning out the fish..  The only one that was actually delicious was the Spider Roll.  However, the sushi artistry I observed on my earlier visits was missing.   Each roll appeared sloppy on the plate, and the pieces were difficult to pick up intact.  Was the chef too hasty to give a damn about cohesion?  Was it his first day on the job? I try not to judge too harshly, but I must also add that the avocados were inexcusable.  My avocado lover (an orb-like sculpture of shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, and avocado slices) was inedible.  The avocado was so hard and under ripe,  I'm surprised it could be sliced at all.  If the avocados are so petrified that I can't poke a chopstick through a thin slice, why would a chef deign to serve it?  I'm baffled..The worst discovery of all was the tuna.  I'm a big fan of tuna.  I *KNOW* what tuna is supposed to look and taste like.  What Sushi Kaya currently serves as tuna is decidedly ANYTHING BUT.  I don't know what it is, exactly.  My best guess is dyed tilapia.  It has the strangest shade of pink I've ever seen - like a watermelon jolly rancher.  It has almost no flavor at all, and it flakes like a white fish.Tuna:  you're doing it wrong.Other small gripes include the watering down of their miso soup, and an unfortunate switch from their previous brand of green tea ice cream (very flavorful and creamy, with bitter tea notes) to a new brand (bland, too sweet, may as well be vanilla).I don't know if Kaya is cutting corners, having issues with its supplier, or both, but I don't think I'll be back for a while.  The service and ambiance is still pleasant, so it keeps a few points for style.  I knocked them down to two stars, instead of one, in hopes that the restaurant gets its act together.
4	Local Eats Sushi Bar. Food is very good but what makes this great is the prices which are extremely reasonable in for Las Vegas.
2	I really want to like this place based on its ambiance and nice menu options, as well as their 23 dollar AYCE option, but they fell short for me.  Kaya is a nice sushi bar to meet up after drinking or for a late night bite.  I love the decor in this place and the music is contemporary, so that's  nice.  What's missing from here is better service and food, in my opinion.After reviewing their menu I found that their prices are reasonable, so we ordered tempura appetizer and 2 orders of their fried chicken.  While we waited we had some water, chatted for a few minutes, and then our tempura arrives.  Five dollars for 3 small shrimp?  REALLY???  I pay that much and I get at least 5 pieces or more everywhere else.  I guess it's because they are posh, or they think three is enough for two people.  I should've ordered one more, so that may have been my fault.Twenty minutes later a plate comes out with lots of chicken, pickled radish mixed with carrots, and this shredded cabbage heap with ketchup and mayo latticed on top.  (see pic)  Interesting, but definitely NOT korean fried chicken.  I mean, technically it is because of where we bought it, but in terms of how it was prepared and how it came out, definitely not.The chicken was fried TO DEATH--leather is easier to chew.  The crust is very crispy, but it won't save the leather within.  I love picked radish, but there's was definitely frozen and thawed somehow before serving it to me, because there was a ton of ice left in my dish mixed in with the radish.  Freaky.  I've never seen a restaurant use frozen daikon, or maybe there the first to get caught.  Either way it made it somewhat a challenge to eat because the radish was soggy to chew, which is honestly gross.The salad was basically--when you mix the ketchup and mayo--thousand island dressing on salad, but I don't dig ice in my cabbage, either.We tried their sushi, which was decent, such as their cali roll, but their tuna looked freakishly pink, so I assume they purchased the dyed fish.  you know, the ones dyed on purpose to not lose color when degrading?  it's an honest business, but it kills the flavor of the fish.Overall I think if you want AYCE sushi, stick to that when coming here, but in terms of anything else on the menu, I'd be weary.  With my fried chicken experience on top of the sushi and small appetizer, I left sad.  I hate leaving full but sad.  I'll try this place again in six months, but for now, I refuse to walk through those doors again.
5	As I sit and reflect on my experience at Kaya i'm conflicted between giving this place between 4 or 5 stars. I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and give it the extra star based on faithful service from our waitress.We arrived around 8ish and left around 10:30ish. Each of us had the 22.95 all  you can eat special. I havent eaten anything serious all day and was really looking forward to this place. This probably wasnt a great idea. At first everything looked and tasted great but half way through everything seemed to taste the same. Sushi Kaya is nice but lacks a lot of variety. On the specials menu there are 8 different types of California Rolls, the original, one with spicy tuna on it, one with spicy tuna and deep fried eel, one that's baked and topped with cream cheese, in the end it's the same old Cali Roll...The miso soup was VERY bland but this is a sushi bar! Focus on the sushi man!The best in my opinion is the 'ultimate albacore roll'. Albacore rolled with a slice of cucumber, topped with albacore and drizzled with spicy garlic pon...something sauce. Has a nice heat to it and is loaded with albacore.Number 2 spot goes to the Spider Roll which is one of my favorite rolls, is often ordered first, and how i rate sushi spots. I know i shouldnt because the point of sushi is fresh raw fish but hey look at my picture i yell at pancakes..Anyway the spider roll was quite refreshing, drizzled with eel sauce and the soft shelled crab was quite nice, not too greasy and had a nice crisp in the center slices.Number 3 went to one of the variations of the Cali Roll. Forgot what it was called but it was topped with spicy tuna and deep fried eel covered in eel sauce. The spicy tuna and the eel sauce had a nice balance to the overly bland and very basic not to mention cheap to mass produce Cali Roll.There's a small corner of the menu dedicated to grilled skewers. There are limited to maybe two per person and are quite nice. Some are overcooked while others are a bit undercooked. For example the Beef tongues were overly bland and overcooked where as the bacon wrapped scallops were undercooked and wasnt to my own personal liking. The chicken gizzard skewers were great, would be a whole lot better if seasoned with a little salt, pepper, and sesame seed oil.I would recommend this places to others but give better advice on things such as which rolls to avoid (the lasagna roll...dont touch with 10ft pole) and to order more 'premium' items to maximize the all you can eat bang to buck ratio (ahi poki appetizer, oyster shooters)
4	Unlike other sushi places, they have skewers , udons and other stuff for ayce. All that just cost 23 dollars. That's a stealing... I love their skewers ex bacon and shrimp. Sweet potato is my favorite!! I have been there twice and definitely will go back again.
5	This is the best sushi buffet I've tried in Vegas, heck, anywhere else, really.I've had sushi buffet in San Diego, LA, and Chicago.  This is a true sit down place where you can order sushi and other items off of a menu of over a hundred plus items, and eat delicious sushi to your heart's content.As far as sushi quality it is very very good.  The variety is also very very good.  They are open til 3:30am, and if you get there by 1:30am you can eat the late night sushi.Lunch and dinner prices are very reasonable.  I make it a point to eat here at least once, whenever I visit Vegas.
4	Sushi Kaya has to be one of the best AYCE sushi restos!That's hard to swallow, being from the Bay Area, the capitol of sushi bars/restos but, as far as the AYCE sushi places here, none would ever be able to hold a candle to Sushi Kaya.We got there around 10pm on Friday night and it was pretty busy, thankfully there was enough room at the bar so we just sat there.  The AYCE option is $22.99 for dinner and you're not limited to just sushi, you can order up appetizers like Fried Calamari, Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, etc. or real food like a small portion of Bulgogi, Fried Rice, Korean Noodles, etc.  and it's AYCE so if you want more, you'll get it.  There's just a few items that's limited to one per customer but, I got away with ordering more than one.  As far as sushi, you can order any of the standard rolls or go for their fancy rolls with the sauces and such.  Only thing is that there's a special note that "Rice is part of the roll and you'll be charged for not finishing the rice," or something to that effect.The service was decent for being so crazy busy.  Although we had one designated server, we asked any of the servers passing by and they took our order without hesitation.And my favorite thing about this resto is that they're open till 3am.  Insane or what?  It's just good to know there's an open resto somewhere in LV, since all the "good" restos on the strip seem to all close by 11pm.Definitely look forward to coming back here when I'm in town!
4	The All You Can Eat is so worth it... Lunch (11:30-4pm) For $19.99. Dinner (4pm-2am) for $22.95) .... All I gotta say is I usually come here once every trip I get out to Vegas :) good music and fresh food!
4	This is definitely the best priced AYCE sushi joint in town for sure.  I agree with some of the reviews about the quality however and the one review about most of their specialty rolls being variations on a California Roll.    The big plus with this place is the non Sushi items included in the AYCE menu.  It's basically like going upstairs to Ichiza (another great restaurant in the complex) but you only are paying one flat fee.   Service wise this place has to have some of the best service I've ever seen at an AYCE joint.  That alone justifies a visit here.  Plus it's AYCE sushi is availible until 2am.  Also the ambiance of the restaurant is very cool.  Physically the lay out of this place is 10 times better than any AYCE sushi joint I have been to.So if it's late night and you have a craving for raw fish....KAYA IS THE PLACE!
4	Off the beaten tracks, right down from my regular Korean restaurant, this is a great value. Lots of choice in the made to order all you can eat category that include Sushi but also a plethora of other nice Japanese meals.
5	One of my favorite all you can eat sushi restaurant! They have the best spider roll there! The grilled shrimp skewer was also delicious. The hot items were great as well. Sushi was pretty fresh for being in the desert. Service was excellent always on top on our orders and quick service. Closes late as well.
3	Had the AYCE sushi lunch for $19.95. Choose from appetizers, noodles, rice like kimichi, chicken fried rice, teriyaki chicken, nigiri, tempura rolls, specialty rolls, and vanilla/strawberry/green tea ice cream for dessert.Miso was very bland, had zero flavor. Ordered the shrimp tempura and black dragon roll and Lisa Lisa roll (avocado, cream cheese and shrimp tempura) yummy.Overall, this place was decent.  Great service and affordable prices.
3	Good but not great AYCE.  I really enjoyed the appetizers that came with the AYCE and the nigiri was flavorful and fresh.  But the rolls were smothered in sauces and the flavors didn't complement each other.We had the scallop and bacon, beef and shrimp skewers - definitely yummy!  Sucks that you can only do one per customerSeafood Udon - good amount of seafood and flavor in this dish but it is a big portion and definitely fills you up with non-sushi...The fried calamari was not too greasy and just the right amount of chew.Poke Salad - Very nice size portion and good chunks of tunaSalmon, yellowtail, mackarel, halibut, white tuna, and squid were all fresh tasting and flavorful.Good service but there was only one other occupied table while we were there.So if you are going for AYCE with non-sushi eaters or if you stick to nigiri, this is a great place to come visit.  If you are looking for flavorful, creative and tasty rolls, I would go to one of the other many better AYCE places in town.
1	The only nice thing I can say about this place is that the decor is cute.Most of the rolls that I ordered were pretty much California rolls mixed with a little bit of something else, which I did not like.  I would have not ordered those rolls if I had known they contained the CA roll. The amount of fish they give is very very little.  Do not order the Big Mac. It's a huge roll mainly of rice mixed in with CA roll and TINY slice of either salmon or tuna. Do not get anything with spicy tuna here! It is disgusting. This includes the Kaya roll.  Maybe that day it was not fresh, but it was truly nasty. It had a very weird taste that probably should not even be served.  I would probably just stick to their cooked foods such as the skewers and the bbq.  Really, this place is for novices who can only handle CA rolls.  If you want service, this place is not it.  It took a long time to get everything. Actually, I believe we didn't even get all the food that we ordered.  I believe they do this on purpose to prevent from over-ordering or something.  I think they purposely brought out the food slowly so we would get full soon.  The servers were not attentive at all. We asked the servers several times to get a setup.  There weren't that many people there when we were being served.  It took a good 15 minutes for our bill to come out when we asked for it.  Oh yeah and you can only get a half roll it it's your last order.  Like what kind of rule is that!?!? Overall, I've had much better AYCE elsewhere.  At 22 bucks a pop, this place is not worth it.
3	Kaya is a hair above average.  It's saving grace in its AYCE concept is with the Korean dishes and Skewers.  Otherwise, I would rate it a 2.If this was your first AYCE Sushi/Korean, you would definitely rank it higher but there are far better options in this fattening buffet town.The japchae, seafood udon, and skewers are excellent, but most people are coming here for the AYCE sushi and the sushi/seafood is lacking.The proportion of fish to rice is small and not as fresh as its competitors.  I've been 3 times and on one visit everyone in my group had the mad case of battleshit shits from eating their "fresh" oysters.  (Shout out to Harold/Kumar and the 2 girls in the college dorm bathroom)I also have a philisophical issue with going to a Korean owned restaurant for sushi.  Don't get me wrong.  I HEART korean food and love koreans.  I am not being a a racist.But would you really go to a Chinese owned place to get some chitlens and collards.
5	THE BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT IN VEGAS. That is all.
3	This is a great all you can eat sushi place for only $23/ person for dinner.  The quality you get for this price is well worth coming back again again.  Once you get your stamp card filled up, you get a free all you can eat sushi dinner!!  Let's keep them in business; don't be wasteful.  Just eat what you want; don't over-endulge! :)  If I wasn't trying to have a baby, I'd be eating at Kaya right NOW!! :oP
3	This place was pretty good, but the service was quite slow.I came here with my boyfriend and my brother for the ayce sushi. it was pretty cheap, about $20 ea. We ordered 3 rolls, soup, and tempura to start. It all came pretty fast, but after we got that order, the waitress didn't come back for at least 20 minutes. Every time we'd order, the food would come fast, but the waitress would leave and not come back for 20-30 minutes, it was ridiculous. The rolls were all pretty delicious and the sashimi was very fresh. We enjoyed all of the rolls, except for the one baked roll we ordered. I'm sure we would've eaten a lot more if we weren't constantly neglected. All in all, we'd definitely come back. The ayce is pretty cheap and the rolls are fresh and tasty. They also give you a stamp card, which is always nice. I do suggest that you order a lot of rolls right away though, just in case the waitress takes forever to come and take your other orders.
3	Spicy tuna role is good, staff friendly and nice, but their noisy neighbor Korean karaoke is too much to endure.   On the other hand, for people who sing in the Karaoke, they can get decent sushi conveniently, so, good for them,  :D
4	They got me, I'm a fan. Sent out a mass text to my fellow sushi lovers... I was craving an all you can which they suggested as being yummy for the money. I'm picky about my sushi, especially the all you can eat. I was here with the boy friend. He isn't really a big fan of anything seafood (other than shrimp, which has to be cooked). He got a beef teri bowl and after much debate, I decided with the all you can eat. Not too shabby, as it was $22.95 for dinner all you can eat. I got soo much food, it was amazing how much I ate. LOL i actually counted each individual order and added up the prices and I ate almost $60 dollars worth... if I would have chosen ala carte. Service was good, they weren't all up in your face rushing or watching you as you eat. That was nice. I had read a few reviews and some people were complaining about service, I didn't have a prob. Happy belly that night= food coma.
3	DECENT ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI...can't be that!I'm a sushi lover myself. I can go for hours eating sushi, so fortunately to save myself from racking up possible $200+ bills worth of sushi, all you can eat sushi places like Kaya is where I would go. Their all you can eat menu has a good variety of sushi and rolls. They even have poke, which is strictly okay (flavoring). I do not like their bulgogi on the all you can eat menu because their meat is too soft and they throw in too much veggies with that little plate of beef.
5	I have the nickname of the resident sushi master because everyone I know comes to me for sushi recommendations.  Kaya is always one of the three places I mention each time.  I've frequented over 20 sushi joints in the Vegas valley and this is still one of my all time favorites.First, they are open late, and by late...3am is awesome for those late night sushi cravings.  Second, 21.95 for dinner just can't be beat!  I actually like that they serve soda in cans and the price includes free refills.  They have a wide selection of flavored saki's and a decent beer selection. The food is just awesome.  Generous sizes of fish slices for nigiri, the rolls are hands down the best I've had, and they have a huge selection of appetizers including skewers.The service has always been top notch in the numerous times I've visited.  One of the managers always comes up to me and lets me know that it's nice to see us again and asks how the service was when we are getting ready to leave.  You can't go wrong with this place.  Trust me!
5	My Fav Sushi so far in Las Vegas, It's open until 3am, It's all you can eat for 21$ the Sushi Chefs are very nice and I usually sit at the bar and chat with them. The Food is great, nice flavors and very fresh and its not all sushi, they have a nice menu of other Japanese items to eat as well. I like the tempura and the seaweed salads.
1	Service sucks! They're usually understaffed and we were told to wait an hour for a table to be cleaned. There was only 1 chef and after we sat we waited for our food for 20 minutes!!!! Even the appetizers took 20 minutes. Will never recommend this place to anyone again. Big big mistake
4	Definately good for the price. When it gets busy the staff is not as respondent but the way it goes I guess. Man they certainly have a extensive menu for the AYCE side though. And the fact it's open till 3 and I'm a night owl definitely helps. Worth going back to.
4	12/28Okay, I went for the AYCE during dinner and it was under $25.  I ordered ice water so I'm not sure if the price includes your beverage.  Good selection of Sushi / Appetizers.PROS:* cheaper than most AYCE sushi dinner* lots of unique appetizers on the menu that I have never seen at any other AYCE sushi joints (Spicy Udon, specialty skewers, Bulgogi, & more)* clean w/ awesome decor* Nigiri was fresh* comfortable seating (sushi bar available too)* open late* Low Sodium Soy SauceCONS:* slow service & forgot to input some of our orders* Limited to only 1 of each type of skewer available* parking sucks !! * drink refills are non-existent.  I waited like 15 minutes to get more H20!TIPS:* If they don't tell you, make sure to ask for a Stamp Card... So worth it!* you can host a mini-party-  Karaoke Room available to rent out that can host up to 20 people.  Sushi and karaoke ...awesome !!  Not overpriced either !* Ask for two drinks, that way you do not have to wait for a refill.* This place gets pretty crowded so make sure to order enough sushi (assuming you are doing the AYCE) to keep you busy.* if you buy 2 rolls of sushi, you may as well take advantage of the AYCE deal... I'm just saying.  -=)Highly RecommendedStart serving Sashimi on your AYCE and you'll get a 5 star hah.
1	I don't know where you guys ate when you say "great service." Service here is always slow. I come here because the food is great but I've never felt really attended to. I took my friends here last night and I was embarrassed! We waited a little over 1 hour for a set of orders and guess what? They never prepared any of it. We cancelled that and ordered 6 pieces of oysters instead. After waiting 40 min. we cancelled that too and just got ice cream. Even that took half an hour. How hard is it to put a scoop of ice cream into a small cup? Ridiculous! We felt so neglected. We were here 3 hours and only got to successfully order twice (both in the first hour only). There were 5 servers last night and no one offered to refill our water. Are you kidding me?
4	I went here with my dad because it is one of the more affordable AYCE places in town that does not sacrifice quality to be cheaper. They open at 11:30am and stay open until 3am. Lunch starts right at 11:30am and goes until 4pm for 19.95. Dinner is from 4pm until last call at 2am for 22.95. It is a great deal that includes a few special items and a large selection of rolls.The best deals when it comes to appetizers were the lightly battered soft shell crab in a ponzu sauce, the ahi poke, the oysters on a half shell, and the baked green mussels. Even if you eat a few orders of these, you would easily cover the price for AYCE.The nigiri was delicious as well. Yes, the fish slices were slightly smaller but the amount of rice that they use matched well. You do not feel like this place is trying to scam you by filling you up with rice. We ordered halibut, yellowtail, albacore, spicy scallop, unagi, and shrimp. Halibut is my favorite fish, so I could eat that all day. I normally detest yellowtail with a passion, but I enjoyed it here. It was not overly fishy and was pleasant.The rolls, I find them to be nothing really special. Although they have a whole page dedicated to regular and specialty rolls, I found it hard to find ones that were imaginative or new. We ended up ordering a tiger, caterpillar, and another roll that escapes my mind right now. As you can see the rolls are nothing to write home about. It is better to just order the nigiri. I probably would have loved the roll menu more if I was not trying to avoid the tempura and cream cheese that littered most rolls. Don't get me wrong, their tempura is good, but I cannot justify eating all this rice and fried foods as well. I just wanted slabs of raw fish.The service is not the best, but after going to a few Japanese places I am used to being ignored (::cough:: Shuseki ::cough::), so this was much better. Even though the server was busy she made it a point to ask if we were doing alright, refilled our drinks, took our additional orders.  This place is a nice fusion of Japanese-Korean food, service, and culture. It felt comfortable sitting at the bar listening to K-Pop that was not blaring in you ear.
3	The food was delicious! the sushi was soo good!! and the all-you-can-eat was also very affordable. All I did not like was that the service was slow and was not the best I have ever had.. but the sushi was very delicious. =]No I'm craving AYCE... maybe at Kaya maybe not.. but Sushi for dinner tonight.. yes I think so.
4	I've been here quite a few times since my first visit, mainly because I have a stamp card that keeps getting filled up with the groups I go with.The price is a pretty good deal. $19.95 for lunch and $22.95 for dinner and that includes a list of special rolls, appetizers, nigiri, and even dessert. The service has actually gotten very polite, friendly, and fast since my first visit which is why I'm giving them another star. The sushi may not be the BEST in town, but it's definitely good and the appetizers are even better. I really like that this place gives out a stamp card; it's a big incentive to keep coming back. The restaurant is also very nice and clean, which is always a plus. Whenever I bring visitors from out of town here, they're really impressed because it's hard to find places that do ayce sushi along with appetizers in SoCal. I'm glad this place has improved since my first visit. I'll be sure to keep coming back.
3	Nom Nom! Me and my GF went there twice in a week at her prompting. prices are competitive and the all-you-can-eat has a better than average selection. You do have to pay per piece left over so Nommy Noms kiddies. Service is a lil below average but certainly not terrible. Great for Locals looking for a change of venue.Transfriendly- A- just cause
5	This place has hands down, THE BEST sushi I have ever had!Some girlfriends and I were in Vegas for a friend's 25th birthday weekend and her party planner recommended that if we wanted sushi, to come here.  She said they had all-you-can-eat sushi and as soon as we heard that, we were sold!I got miso soup, a cucumber salad, calamari, and 2 12-piece sushi rolls all for $20! The soup, salad, and appetizers are also included in the $20 all you can eat price which was so awesome!Everyone must go here at least once! There were 8 of us girls and service was super fast, even though we ordered a lot!
4	Ok, whoever told you that this place wasn't worth checking out.....smack them right now! This place is by far the best sushi I've ever encountered in Vegas, and that my friend is no lie. (All right let me not say best, since I'm always on the search for the best. Let's see the best by far) Not only is their sushi amazing, but so is their interior decorating. It's a little crowded at times, and all the songs they play are in a language I don't quite understand, but the food is worth the trip! The only reason I didn't give this a five is because of their service. But hey, any shop owned by an Asian staff that speaks less than 80% English, hey your bound to run into bad service. Ok, if you can put up with the minor "rudeness" then you'll experience delicious!Our group of friends came out her on a little experience, after hearing mixed reviews about this place I decided to check this out any way. The price is good for AYCE, compared to sushimon which is almost $30 for dinner.  I gave a quick glance their menu and decided to stick to the appetizers and nigiri for sushi. Ohhhhh boy, we ordered:White Tuna Nigiri: OMG! The most tender and fresh piece of fish ever! It was like having a burst of flavors melt in your mouth. It felt like an exotic rush, idk what it is but I feel like raw fish is exotic. Weird right?Seared Albercore Nigiri: OMFG!!! Another melt in your mouth sushi, idk what it is but it just tantalizes my tongue, always saying give me more!Yellowtail Nigiri: Also a definite must! It's sooooo fresh, everything just meshes well together.Bacon and scallop Skewer: I find their rule a little greedy, seeing you only get one skewer per person. And with the smallest strip of bacon on tiny ass scallop, you've got be kidding me that I'm only limited to one? Well, whatever.....the taste of the skewer is amazing. The juices of the scallop burst out if your mouth along with the bacon. It's so sad that's it's tiny as heck.Shrimp Skewer: again, tiny as heck but deliciously oozing with so muCh flavor. Whoever came up with their skewer rule was cruel. Leaving a person with something amazing, with a limit.Oysters: I was never a fan of raw oysters, somi was a bit surprised when I got it. I was under the impression that it was baked, but I should've known. You don't come to a sushi place, expecting to get something cooked.Salmon Skin roll: It was surprisingly good, I usually get a hand roll, but I was surprised with the consistency of the rice. Not too sticky or wet, just right...with the right amount of stuffing.Calamari: Fried to a crisp served with the special soy sauce, served on a fancy looking bento box. Nothing amazing, but worth the try.Spicy Rice cake: More like seet and sour rice cake, interesting but nothing special.Green tea Ice cream: sweet, but not green tea tasting. I'm sad that they didn't have fried tempura ice-cream. Ohh well, there's always room for improvement.This is good sushi joint and worth the pit-stop. Get there before 7 if you're coming in for dinner. It gets pretty packed.
4	Thing is, I'm not a "Sushi" person. So I won't pretend that I'm an expert on what sushi should taste like. But for the price and for the amount of food I ate; to me, this place is the BOMB! "Sex On The Beach" roll and the soft shell crab was DELICIOUS. The service isn't all that. One of the girls seemed to only want to deal with one corner of the restaurant... almost as if she couldn't handle waiting on more than two tables? It was lame that we kept having to ask the waitress serving the table right next to us for help, only to have her tell us "I'll go tell your waitress." So the key was to order in bulk, for our party of four. If you have enough patience to withstand the lousy service here, you'll enjoy the food. On a side note, they always keep the TV on ESPN. Watching sports while I eat good food is AWESOME.
4	All you can eat for $19.99! So many good things about this place.  Nice and roomy, open 'til 3am and a big karaoke room for a big party. I'll probably need to take a several shots of soju before you can get my ass to sing anything haha. Parking is hard to find though since this is a pretty busy popular small plaza.Nigiri sushi here is better than most places I'e tried. I get them all seared, but that's just my personal preference of how I like my nigiri served. So many good things on the all you can eat menu that it's so hard to recommend just a few. But here are my favorites: Soft Shelled Crabs, Sexy Roll, Baked Mussels, Scallop Roll, and Bacon/Scallop Skewer.For desserts, Almond Mocha Ice Cream is very good but kinda of a bummer that they don't have Tempura Ice Cream.
2	Konichiwa LV yelpers!Came here for late night AYCE sushi last night with my Vegas yelp friends Nelson S and Will FI had a few AYCE sushi experiences here in Vegas over the past 2 months and I have to say... I wasn't very amused.First off... I really wanted seaweed salad and they were out. No mochi ice cream :( and the ahi poke was horrible! The quality of fish was very low.Sexy roll, tempura crunch roll, seared ahi nigiri and tamago was okay.They did ask us to clean all of our plates... so be careful when ordering! Service was decent.I wouldn't go back.2 stars for good location and late night hours.Casual dining. Indoor seating only.NEXT! :((
2	Been here a couple of times at night with friends, and I have to say there are better places for sushi.  The price is decent for an AYCE sushi for $19.99, but the quality of fish is horrible. For people who are into nigiri sushi, this is not the place to be, the fish is cut super thin and accompanied by a lot of rice.  The rolls are decent, and the other non-sushi items are pretty good.  The one thing that I really didn't like about this place was the service.  The servers would get our first order and then once you received your order it was hard to order again.  There were times where we order nigiri and we would wait ten minutes, ask about it and then they would finally start making it.  If you want a place for cheap AYCE sushi at night this is one place, but I would rather pay a lil bit more for better service and quality.
3	As I was singing along to Shy Boy by Secret, I kind of found myself in a bit of a surprised state, am I eating at a Korean Restaurant or a Sushi joint? There really isn't much to say about this place, but I'll state the Pros and Cons of my first experience here at Sushi Kaya. Pros:-AYCE for $19.99. So decently priced-We were seated immediately upon entering and our orders were taken.-The place is clean, roomy and open late. I believe till 3a. -Karaoke available here!-The rice used on the sushi is really A+, not too sticky or vinegary. -Minimal use of yum yum/teriyaki sauces (a con if you like the sauces) -A lot of avocado used in the rolls (Loooove Avocado) -Soju is served here!!!!-Appetizers here are Japanese and Korean combination. Few of my favorites being the Kim Chi fried rice, Dukkbokki (good flavor, but the rice cakes seems quickly pan fried so it had sort of a crunch on the outside) and the no rice roll, which was a ball of spicy tuna with shrimp tempura in the middle and topped with avocado. -the only ROLL that was Great is the Kaya Roll. Cons:-Nigiri sushi selections were pretty good. It's hit or miss with the quality of the fish. Some orders were really good, and some other (same) orders later seemed kinda off. -They were taking your orders frequently, but it seemed more often than the food ever came out. We would wait for our food, but instead of steady plates coming out, they'd bring it out all at once. -for the Rolls, there was a lot of cream cheese and avocado selections. it seemed like almost all the rolls had either cream cheese or avocado or both. there wasn't much variety for the rolls. -for the skewers, you were only allowed one each person or something like that, so we were only allowed to have one type of skewer each. :(( The beef tongue skewer was sort of flavorless anyways. -Parking is really hard to find. A small parking area.All in all, it wasn't totally bad, but it wasn't impressive either. I'd come back here again, but it wouldn't be my first, second or third choice. I'm still on a sushi hunt!!! Sayonara or Annyeong Haseyo!
5	WOW! This place is yummy! Try the Dynomite and Cinderella roll, so good. The music isn't too good but not enough where it bugs me. Sevice is alright nothing to great, as long as they get me my food and serve me my drink I am happy. DELICIOUS!
3	More like 3 1/2 stars?  And I think this place is owned by Korean instead of Japanese.Anyway... we were wandering around Chinatown in search of Asian food... We came across the huge sign that said "AYCE" sushi outside of Kaya.  Without hesitation, my family all agreed on this place.It was nice the day we came... the place was not too busy to serve my large family.  We were seated quickly and we ordered our way with sushi.  Each person could only get one order of uni , soft shell crabs, oysters and the skewer (I wish they would let us order more of the skewer).The sushi were okay.... not the freshest we had, but it was still good.  But we did notice the sizes were pretty small... that was okay since small sushi = small amount of rice.  We just had to order more... it's ayce...Besides from the sushi, we ordered cucumber salad (not that good), pumpkin porridge (great), udon (real yummy) and many more....The only real complaint I had was that some of the items we ordered never came.  We had to keep following up with our orders and re-ordered and re-ordered until we kind of didn't know what came and what didn't.  Besides from that, it was a good experience for us.
3	First off, don't let the 3 Stars fool you. This place has good food. The service here is by far the best I've had in any sushi house here in Vegas. The prices are the lowest also. Good poke. My favorite roll is the amigo and the spider. The grill items are great, and the fried rice reminds me of being back in Okinawa. My only issue is most of the rolls include shrimp tempura which for me is a cop out when it comes to sushi. I like the raw stuff. I wish they would be more creative on the menu. Sushi Kaya is worth checking out. Its tasty, and you will always get great service.
2	tried out the ayce $22.95 for dinner. This place is owned by a Korean as all the writings on the walls were in Korean and not in Japanese. This review is about their service. First round of orders were quick, then as soon as we kept ordering more, the service got slow, as in SLOW, the waitresses started to ignore out table. it was only when they took away some of our plates that I was able to order. Once we ordered ice cream they gave us our bill.
4	Ive been to many all you can eat sushi places, but this has to be the best one. All the food was great quality and really delicious. I loved the soft shelled crab and the oysters. $22 is not bad for the quality and quantity you get. Great place overall!
4	I love their all you can eat or so I thought, My friends and I ordered the all you can eat last night , But apparently there are certain items that u can only order once, such as their Ahi poke salad which it's considered an appetizer. I was taken back when The server told me I could not order it again. The service was alright they greet you once you walk in but once you sit down it was a different story .They walked away three times while my friends were still continuing to place an order with the server. When asked what kind of beers they carried the server was not knowledgeable and brought us a menu to look at instead. Other then that great sushi :)
3	I'm not going to beat around the bush: this place isn't the best. Their sushi was ok, but not nearly as good as Ichiza's (upstairs in this same place). And the service seemed rather poor, too, which made the situation even worse. I came here for a friend's birthday, and it was a letdown. I know other people have had better experiences that I did, so I'm going to have to give it a try later on just to see if it's gotten better. I hope so.
5	For AYCE sushi, this place is definitely one of my favorites.  Whenever I visit my friends in Vegas, this place is a must go for dinner one night.  The AYCE sushi menu has tons of options, some of which, you can only choose 1 of the same item per hour, but you can have multiple different items, IE the skewers. If you aren't into raw fish, there's many other options as well, such as jalapeno poppers, skewers, noodles and tempura. I had a couple of rolls with cilantro sauce on this most recent visit.  It was a nice twist from the usual spin on sushi. For those of you having ordering issues, I'd highly recommend sitting at the bar where the cooks can take your order directly.
4	Nice place for a quick sushi fix. Great smiling staff and wait service. All you can eat sushi I believe for $22 def worth it. I ordered tons of nigiri all bite size you can chew without looking like you stuffed your face. The fish was not smelly tasted fresh to me. Uni was too soggy though. I didn't smell like food after I left in case you wanted to know and go out to the strip to party. The green tea and strawberry ice cream is bomb too doesn't taste like it's been left in the freezer for a long time hah
4	I'm not much of a sushi lover, but this place was really good.  Reasonable pricing. If you LOVE sushi this is the place to go for All You Can Eat!
1	Too bad I can't critique on their food since my friend and I couldn't get over their horrible service. So, if you're looking for an opinion on their eats...I wouldn't know, we never got to that part.A friend of mine and I were driving around Chinatown on a last minute whim to find a sushi bar to grab a quick bite before meeting up with more friends later in the evening. We walked in and were greeted and seated and asked for our drink order, we only opted for some water to start since we had been driving all around town for a good hour and a half or so. Two tables were at play and we were the third, in the middle. Our waters came to us promptly but after that the wait staff that seemed to have consisted of three females and one male (maybe he was the manager that night) pulled an epic fail move. We had decided what we wanted to order and filed our menus at the edge of the table (this is an indication that you're ready to order, no?). We sat and watched us be completely ignored. After much frustration I saw one of the waitresses walk over our way, made eye to eye contact with her...she stopped between our table and the table on the other side of us, the minute she saw money sitting on the table on the next side of us she decided it was more important to pick up her $3 tip and walk over to the other waitresses and have a gigglefest over who-knows-what. It was then that my friend and I decided to leave.Clearly this place does not get yelped about their awesome customer service to begin with, so if it ain't broke why fix it, right?  This is probably the same reason as to why they charge you for cucumber salad...so you have to wait to order, wait to receive it and PAY for it. Personally not worth giving them a second chance, in this tight economy, people like this do not deserve my hard earned dollars.We ended up somewhere on Twain and Decateur at SHOBU and they were amazing!!!
2	Nice interior, friendly service and cheap. Unfortunately, the fish quality is less than desirable. I actually enjoyed the korean noodles and the beef skewer but you can only order one beef skewer for AYCE. Stingy.
4	Best all you can eat sushi place in town!!! I come here all the time!! Amazing!!! The seared tuna is out of this world!!! If your a local they have a stamp card and after 9 purchases you get one free!!!!
4	this place is a little far for me, BUT it is DELICIOUS!! its kind of hidden so you need to know how to get to it. the atmosphere is great, very intimate, and a lot of beautiful art everywhere. They also have some great lunch specials as well! Tip: green tea iced tea, looks like algae but tastes sooooooo good!
3	For an AYCE sushi joint, this place delivers pretty well. Yes, they do offer Uni, and yes, it's obviously not as good as what you'd get at a traditional joint, but AYCE with an entire menu isn't bad at all. The service was excellent. We had a big table (actually took up the entire Karaoke room. Yep, they've got one!) and there were two waitresses attentively serving us. The tuna was fairly dry, but the yellowtail and salmon were both excellent in AYCE quality. It's Korean-owned, so they have some Korean plates to offer as well, on an AYCE basis. The one thing that stood out was the Duk bok gi. It was pretty damned good! I would come back here next time I'm around downtown, as it's the only tasty AYCE sushi place around..at least that I know of.
3	Yelp 365 Challenge - Review 014/365 (8/14/2011)We ate at SK by accident on our last day in LV.  We actually intended to go to Sushi House Goyemon but, after being denied a table and only offered seats at the bar, my friend decided to storm out ... and we ended up here.The restaurant was easy to find.  Parking was a joke, however, even on a weekday (apparently).  Since Sushi Kaya is part of a strip mall, it wasn't easy to find a space.  Oh, and don't even think that you can stand outside your car for even a minute just to relax for a bit. We tried to do that after we ate and there was already someone waiting to park. I thought the food was OK.  The AYCE menu confused me at first, what with the spatter of asterisks all over the front and back.  If I recall correctly, "**" denotes items that are max one order per person, while "*" denotes items that are raw fish or seafood.  Sadly, I looked over all the options and realized that most of what I wanted included the "**" stipulation.  All-You-Can-Eat was beginning to look more like All-We-Say-You-Can-Eat, which in turn made me (slowly but surely) lose my appetite.I chuckled to myself when most of the food arrived at the table because the portions are suuuuuper tiny!  The only exceptions (that I saw first-hand) were the specialty rolls.  On closer examination, however, I discovered each of these rolls to be heavily packed with or drenched in sauce.  I suspect they do this in the hopes that some people get fuller faster, for less ... because that's what happened to me.On the positive side:1.  The restaurant was clean and well-maintained.2.  There was no delay for a table.3.  The waitresses were attentive and friendly.4.  Our orders were quickly fulfilled.5.  The atmosphere was quiet and unclaustrophobic.6.  Price is relatively cheaper compared to other AYCE sushi places.Three stars for Sushi Kaya.
1	I went here after a long day of work and I was super hungry. I was greeted by a girl and she was all smiles and that was good. I quickly got my drink and started ordering. The all you can eat price was $22.95. So I thought it was reasonable. I ordered mostly appetizers since that look more interesting then the sushi selection. I have to admit most of their food is spicy or really spicy. Which was a turn off since after one bite mouth was numb and I couldn't taste anything else after that. After my first round of food was gobbled up I was still very hungry and I needed more food right away. The server asked me if she could do anything for me and I replied yes I would like to order more food. She smiled and went off to another table. So I was sitting there for 30 minutes I know coz I was timing this. And after the same girl came and asked me if I wanted some thing else?  At this point I was beyond angry and I started telling her off. Then she had the nerve to tell me that " well I'm here now so what would you like?". Right then and there I asked for the check!  Then she asked me if I was already full?  And I thought to my self , r u kidding me!!  The service at this restaurant is a embarrassment especially in this economy. All she had to do was apologize and be sincere about it and instead she had to give me lip. Well I spoke to the manager and she said she was sorry about I didn't get the feeling that she sincere about. I got the feeling that this happens all the time and this was a routine situation for then. The manager ask if i wanted the money back?  And because I felt like nobody was sincere I said " yes please". As if giving my money will make me forget about it. Or even keep me from speaking about it. Well they got another thing coming. This kind of situation should never happen and the servers there needs to be trained properly.
4	Finally got to try their All You Can Eat, and I have to say its pretty delicious!The dinner price is $22.95/person (lunch is $19.95/person), and you have 1 hour to order off the AYCE menu.  I went with my parents, and we sat at the bar so we can put the order straight to the sushi chefs.  The AYCE selection is quite nice.  It's got all the basic appetizers, nigiri, and rolls (lots and lots to choose from).  It also has a rice/noodle section where you can find varieties (fried, cold, soup) rice and noodles.  Plus a section for skewers, which you don't find at most AYCE sushi joints.  There are also a few more things on the menu the usual AYCE sushi places don't have with this restaurant being a japanese/korean fushion style i.e. korean cooked beef.The service was fast, the food was delicious, since we sat at the sushi bar, we actually got to meet the owner, and he comped us a few items that was not on the menu (scores!), for example the hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail)Here's the list of things we devoured (from what i can still remember):Edomame - served warmed and salted, very good!Seaweed Salad - delish strings of seaweed seasoned just rightLettus Wrap - pieces of tuna sashimi, seasoned imitaton crab, avocado slices, cucmber and carrot strips all wrapped up in a lettus cup, so refreshing, kinda like a california roll minus the rice!Tuna Poke - good size chunks of tuna sashimi dressed in sauce and served on a bed of seaweed salad, very fresh and refreshingMixed Tempura - hot off the frier mix of tempura with 3 or 4 shrimps, squid rings and legs, and a good mix of tempura vegitablesGrilled Hamachi Kama - large piece of bone-in yellow tail chin grilled to perfect yumminess, mmm mmmHamachi Nigiri - pretty standard, nothing worth mentioningOMG Roll - your basic california roll topped with chunks of salmon and tuna sashimi dressed in creamy saunce mixed with fish roe, thumbs up!Beef Skewer - juicy tender beefBacon wrapped shrimp skewer - charred shrimps and bacon, great flavorSpicy Rice cake skewer - sweet, spicy, crispy, chewy, YUMMushroom skewer - mushroom cooked to juicy perfectionOyster on half shell - i didn't have any but my friend said its freshthey have so much more on the menu, i encourage everyone to check it out!
4	19.95 lunch and 22.95 dinner all u can eatWe decided to check this place out because it came to us recommended by a friend. It's not too expensive being 22.95 all you can eat but on the menu it warns you to order little by little (but being super excited we didn't notice that and ordered a bunch all at once). The menu also informs you that if you don't finish your sushi (including the rice), they'll charge you for the whole roll. That kinda annoyed me but we were able to finish it thanks to having guys with us haha. With that 22.95 rate, you can order anything you want from a lengthy menu that includes skewers, dessert (ice cream), nigiris, and specialty rolls and more. So that gives you a lot of things to choose from but it wasn't the best quality of sushi. It was only so-so.
4	With a all you can eat sushi menu and low price specials Sushi Kaya is one of my favorite Sushi Restaurants in Las Vegas. They have some of the freshest sushi and every item they sale holds its own. There Meso soup which is very inexpensive (party bonus) is fabulous, they have terrific rolls, and even the appetizers are great.  As far as the all you can eat menu, I have had it once and although it was good I found that I enjoy more off the regular menu than on sushi one. Then again I am not very explorative with raw fish so that could have a lot to do with it. The price per person for the all you can eat sushi is $19.95 for Lunch and $22.95 for dinner. You have an hour to order but when we went we stayed for longer than that and they still let us order as much as we wanted. I have been back at least a dozen times and have managed to try their different noodle dishes and other menu items and have been impressed thus far. I have yet to get something I did not think was great tasting.Other than that, always check out the specials! They had california rolls on sale for a dollar for a month. I was sad to see the price raise back up to $4.95 but still love it the same.
2	All you can eat sushi for $22.95 which is very resonable price.I liked their appetizers better than sushi.One of the best appetizers I have experienced in all you can eat sushi restaurants. Sushi, the fish part was so thin and sushi rice was hot. (which is not supoosed to be hot)Servers were too busy to take care of customers.
1	HAIR IN MY SUSHI!So disgusting and my bf and I didn't even finish our AYCE. We still had so much food on the table, but we were so disgusted. In addition to that, I got baked green mussels, and there was shell cracks IN THE MUSSELS! None of the shells were even broken so I don't even know where they came from, but it definitely hurt my teeth when I ate them.I used to go here all the time, but not any more. Even though the servers recognized me, they still didn't discount my meal. $45 for two lunch AYCE (more like 2.5 rolls that we were able to order) and they couldn't even comp my drink. I paid it though + $0 tip.DON'T GO HERE! Believe me, I like supporting small restaurants and not corporate chains, but this place does not deserve your patronage!
3	One of the "alrights." Their nigiri sushi is always fresh. The slices of fish are on the small side but I've never eaten a bad roll here. Once, I ordered a Caterpillar roll and they actually made it look like a caterpillar. :) sweet guys behind the sushi bar!! Kaya has an awesome variety of sushi and appetizers. They have the best baked mussels in town and they even have a number of grilled skewers and Korean foods on their AYCE menu. Bulgogi, kimchi fried rice.This place is great to come with a friend, by yourself, or with a group. The servers here are very nice as well! My friends and I have had 3 group events here and the girls remember us! Then again, How could they not, we're loud and rowdy when we get together and the group room is outfitted with tambourines and karaoke!! Splitting checks is NOT a problem here! They'll do it 13 ways if they have to. So for parties, don't stress about splitting the bill!
3	My friends and I came here to try their ayce sushi, since they told me they liked this place.  They didn't get ayce last time but this time we all did.  They have a lot to offer on the menu from appetizers, rolls, nigiri, and even dessert.  There's just too many to choose from and hard to decide on what we wanted to eat.  We just ordered a whole bunch of rolls and nigiri and started to eat away.  We got through 3 rounds of ordering and that was it.  I had bacon wrapped scallops, gyoza, calamari tempura, baked mussels, baked scallop roll, some kind of dynamite roll, and a tempura roll.  They had a bunch of nigiri and two types of soup.  It was really filling and yes you have to eat everything or else they will charge you extra.  20 dollars for ayce is not bad. I like this ayce sushi because you get to order and they bring it to you vs. other ayce sushi that are buffet style.  This place is definitely a hit or miss for people.  I can see both sides.  However, it's not bad at all for the price.
5	Went to this place twice in one week. Killer food!!!!
5	Less than $25 for all-you-can eat sushi - and it's incredible!Fresh fish, excellent preparation and perfect flavors.
3	For what it is, it is perfect.  For around $23 you get all you can eat appetizers, sushi, small entrees & ice cream.  It's not a buffet so everything is made fresh to order.  There is a rule preventing you from ordering certain items more than once, however, if you are in a group of a few people, someone else can order it again for you!  Sushi quality is not the finest, but for mass produced sushi, it is good enough.  Will definitely be back.  Go hungry.
4	I like this place. I had to take a few extended trips to Vegas and this was my choice of dinner most often. For a buffet price you get fresh items to choose from the menu. Seafood quality was very good, presentation ok, overall quality excellent. You cannot beat this place for the price. This place is not for those of you that do not like to sample variety, and raw items.
2	After going twice, I have decided this place is just not worth returning to. Find somewhere else, seriously, or just go to Cafe Noodle, door over!Although it is the cheapest in town for AYCE sushi, I am just not impressed with the selection. Many rave about the appetizers, & I have found that although the kimchi fried rice is good, I don't want to eat fried rice when I am eating sushi... it just doesn't make sense to me.Many of the rolls are made with nothing but fillers (i.e. avocado, cream cheese, crab mix) & no real substance.. aaaaand on top of that, the fish is no where near fresh. Their hamachi was YELLOW. Disgusting! Oh, I also asked for my unagi to be crispy, expecting that it would be baked, but instead, they seared it with the torch! Yuck, again. Their service is not the worst, but not the best. The lone male server, who I believe to be the manager, is the only one who was actually tending to us. Once he went on break, my bf & I were stuck waving someone fown.every time we needed something!I believe the only reason I didn't rate 1 star, is because I happen to like their hot tea, which comes in a steeping pot, and their ice cream, cherry amaretto & mocha almond. Both flavors that are unique to this restaurant, unless another restaurant is serving these, and just I haven't been to it yet.-sigh- I am actually regretting the fact that I even spent my hard-earned cash here! Shame on me. Ha!
5	I love this .. my fav :)
4	Best Kimchi Fried Rice in town!! But I'm not a huge sushi fan so I can't comment on the AYCE, b/c all I eat is kimchi fried rice, california roll and jabchae .. totally not worth getting AYCE, but if you eat sushi, it's not a bad deal.
4	The AYCE sushi for $24.95 is such a great deal and you can pretty much order ANYTHING on the menu.  The sushi is good and I gave this place 4 stars because I wouldn't say it's GREAT, but it's definitely good.  There are about 20 special rolls, but they are all very similar with only slight differences.  The nigiri is smaller in both rice and fish than normal, but that's good because you don't want to get full off of just one thing when there is so much to try.  The Spider Roll was the best roll we had here.  It was fresh and warm and so delicious.  I'm not a big fan of their ponzu sauce, which seems to be on everything.  We tried a piece of the cajun albacore. YUCK is all I can say.  The cajun seasoning tastes like something that should be left to grilled pork chops or steak, NOT fish.  The one thing that REALLY blew my mind was the Kimchi Fried Rice.  It's so amazing and delicious.  I know you may think you don't want to eat rice when you go for AYCE sushi, but if there is one thing you need to try, it's that.  It's a small bowl with a fried egg on top and it's EFFING yummy.  The service was fast and super friendly.  Had a great experience and would definitely go back.
4	Haven't been to a lot of different sushi places in Vegas; however I think it's hard to top this place as far as all you can eat sushi! Their food is just so good and pretty decent price (like $20 for lunch and maybe $23 for dinner...something like that). I love their seaweed salad, shrimp/garlic skewer, baked green mussels, oh yeah oysters and the mochi ice-cream!!! Sushi rolls are good though I think some rolls got too much rice but overall it's still good sushi. Highly recommended!!!
4	Love this place open late, food is always fresh. Customer service is ok but for the most part I'll keep coming back!:)
2	We've made it back to Sushi Kaya a couple times after my first review and unfortunately, the place has slowly gone downill, but their prices sure haven't.Our most recent visit was this past Sunday.  Granted, it was Christmas night, the place was busy, but they had a few empty tables. We did the AYCE option and started ordering off the bat.  Each time our server took an order, she would miss a couple things, then would later make an excuse of:1) "We ran out, because it's been so busy tonight!" -Whatever, we were there at 9pm, you're open for another 5-hours lady, what you gonna do then?!?2) "The kitchen is really busy." -Is that really my problem?3) Or simply, just ignoring the request by smiling instead. -Sorry lady, it's too late to play that no Engrish front on me.In total, she failed on SIX plates due to one of the above reasons.  Sorry, that's not going to cut it, so I took it out of her tip.Arigato Sushi Kaya...or should I really say, "Annyonghi Kaseyo" (sp?), it was great while it lasted but, it's off to find a better AYCE sushi spot in the LV.
3	I thought the food tasted great! We got the all you can eat. It was a really good price, and I thought it was better than the sushi place we usually go. Having said that, the waitress was outrageous! She kept trying to get us to order the nigiri. She wouldnt stop asking us if we wanted that, which we clearly did not. I thought the point of AYCE was you could order whatever you wanted. It started to get uncomfortable. It was like she wanted us to order the cheapest things or things with a lot of rice. For this reason, we have not been back, even thought we loved the food.
2	meh. i've experienced WAY better. rolls and sushi were whatever. The waitress was rude and so was the sushi chef. rude rude rude.
4	Open late, great service, yummy sushi (AYCE)
1	After having Nagoya sushi AYCE for the same price, does not compare. At all. Why is this place so popular? The sushi rolls are small to be charged $3 each. The menu items are good, but I've seen other sushi bars that can do way better. We ended up being seated at the bar, which is low, and it wasn't a good time since every 3 seconds waitresses would be next to us placing their orders.
4	Great fresh food! Go with friends to share in all the choices offered on their all you can eat menu. I enjoyed the Kim chi fried rice, Vegas Roll, Arizona Roll, Brooklyn Bridge, and others I lost track of, it was all yummy :)
4	This place is a must go when I come to Vegas. The all you can eat is the best! It is not a buffet style all you can eat. You order as though you'd be ordering from a regular menu and is made to order, so the food is fresh and I love this place because the rolls very rarely rely on soy sauce and wasabi for flavoring. A lot of their custom rolls come with their own sauce catering to those rolls. I def. recommend this place. I have family that own sushi restaurants so I really do know when a sushi place is immaculate.
4	You never know what to expect at AYCE sushi joints. But I would have to say that is right up there with Oyshi. Maybe my review is based off a late night run for sushi after dancing the night away, I just remember that it was actually impressed me that I need to review it!Trying to find this place? It's right underneath Mother's Korean Garden and next to Anime Ramen. Like most places, it's open until 3 a.m. so good place to go to when near the Strip. We walked in around 1 a.m. and it was quite a hustle & bustle, however, we were quickly seated. The lighting was dark but the music was bumping so it made it fun and kept me from falling asleep.The AYCE is around $25 per person so the typical price. Everything tasted fresh and quite palatable. My only complaint was that you couldn't get a half order, only on select rolls but the waitress didn't tell me which ones! Kimchi fried rice was awesome, very similar to the one at Ichiza. Overall it was a great experience and I wouldn't mind trying it at a more decent hour.
4	Visited this restaurant late yesterday night. I appreciate the fact that this place is open til 3am.Not quite sure how much I enjoyed the K-POP music playing in the background. I thought this was a Japanese restaurant? ;)$24.99 for all you can eat sushi puts a bit of a dent in your pocket, so if you're gonna eat here, make sure you're either a) a big eater, or b) know to order the more expensive sushi to make your money back.Decor is cute. Wooden planks, dim lighting, and comfortable.I appreciate the huge assortment of sushi you can order on the All You Can Eat menu, from sashimi to rolls to your dependable appetizers like potstickers and sunomono.Let me say this:SERVICE WAS FAST. Not even 5 minutes after ordering and there was a roll waiting at our table already. The waitress was great. She constantly kept checking in, taking away empty plates, asking if we needed anything else and consistently filled our water. I appreciate that.I ordered/tried the following: Miso soup - Good, nothing fantastic or horrible about it. I don't think you can go wrong with miso soup really.Zizzy roll - YUM YUM YUM. I really enjoyed this roll.Spider crab roll - Very good also. I love me some soft shell crab. Not over cooked. Crunchy, soft, and savory.Sex bomb roll - +5 for the naming convention. I just kept thinking of Tom Jones. Also very tasty.Green tea mochi ice cream - I think they just gave me the Mikawaya brand mochi ice cream, which is totally fine because it's still tasty.The rolls are huge. For a petite  girl I definitely overate (because I was determined to eat my money's worth).All in all, great service, taste, dependable sushi, and open late nights so it makes a great hang-out spot.I would definitely recommend visiting this place, provided you don't mind spending that kind of money.
3	Although this place is in my top 3 doesn't mean I'd choose this place over my top 2. Nigiri: 3/5 They definitely serve more rice and less fish here. I usually get a huge clump of rice and a small thin thin thin slice of fish. Everyone knows rice fills people up quicker. So its kind of shady how they con people into eating a lot of rice to fill them up. Rolls: 2/5 I'm not much of a roll person but when I eat AYCE I like to try a little bit of everything and Kaya is the only sushi restaurant that I go to that doesn't allow half rolls until the last roll of your dinner. Which makes it sucky to even try rolls because usually 1 roll can fill me up with all that rice. Appetizers: 4/5 Only if you get AYCE everyone knows you never really get your moneys worth in sushi unless you go All you can eat. Their baked green mussels are pretty good out of my top 3 its my 2nd favorite, although they take kind of long to come out they're usually never burnt or over cooked and there's a balanced amount of yum yum sauce to mussel. Sea weed salad, if your not doing AYCE  sea weed salads a small portion and not worth it but with AYCE you can order as many as you want. I also like their sweet shrimp skewers Its the only sushi restaurant I know that offers grilled shrimp skewersAYCE: 5/5 To be honest its the cheapest dinner AYCE I know of in Vegas I think for 22.99? something like that but its the cheapest of my top 3.
1	Don't go there for lunch with regular tuna was white and even the waitress thought it was yellow tail.  Service very slow
4	The food is good, not great. The service however was excellent.
4	Every time I am in Vegas I look forward to eating here. All you can eat for $25 and they have a large extensive menu; appetizers, nigiri, sashimi, rolls, rice, and desserts. Good sushi, good food in general. The staff is friendly and the service is fast. This is the only place that I drink flavored Sake, it is delicious and they have tons of flavors.
1	STAY AWAY!!!  How anybody can rank this place any higher than 2 stars is beyond me.  Too bad you do not have the option to select zero stars.  This is easily on the top 5 worst list.  Don't come here expecting fish in any substantive quantities on your rolls, nigiri, etc.  It was almost laughable how thin and small the pieces were.  The tuna had the color of a watermelon jolly rancher, I had to ask twice what it was.  Highly *NOT* recommended.
4	Overall, a great spot. Mostly AYCE but you have the option to order ala carte & can even order 1/2 rolls, which is great for trying new things on a budget. The fish is always eceptionally fresh, & Ive never been disappointed after a visit there, though they are a bit creeative with some of the special rolls....(The Tornado Roll, raw fish & cheddar cheeses? I tried but, IMO, not a great idea.)
1	Slow today again.  It's it and miss here.
5	Hands down, the best all you can eat sushi in town. They have a ton of appetizers, Skewers, nigiri, and awesome sushi rolls. They're open super late and even offer lunch AYCE. Definitely my favorite spot.
4	Living down the street from this little gem is truly a blessing.Upon entering the establishment, you will notice traditional Asian decor and a peaceful ambience. he hostesses are quick and polite to greet you and will take no more than ten minutes to seat you on a busy day.Offering the best of Korean cuisine and all-you-can-eat sushi, every server is attentive and caring of their customers, offering constant refills and checking in very often. Though I'm not a big fan of Korean cuisine, the sushi keeps me going back. Most notable in my opinion were Tiger, Black Dragon, Vegas and Sexy rolls. The Salmon nigiri is very fresh, and their drink variety is nothing to complain about.Equally impressive was how clean Kaya is kept! Most small-time food places, from my experience, are not well-kept. Even their bathroom is immaculate.Highly impressed with their level of service and mouth-watering menu. Definitely a place to check into!
5	Best AYCE in town!!! Also very affordable. They have everything from appetizers, skewers, special rolls, tempura and dessert! Love eating here! :)
2	Service was good, food was fast. Quality low, lots of rice with everything. sauces too overbearing. They do have a decent spicy ponzu though.. I ordered everything of course no yum sauce or eel sauce only a mammaluke would eat that shite! They did a couple unique rolls , and a couple unique appetizers.. The who is your daddy which i order no cream cheese, no yum sauce or eel sauce was a joke they took one normal piece of shrimp which they pounded out thin and split it into 4 pieces wtf? I know they are trying so save cost fill u up on imitation crab and tempura batter + rice but that was quite unnecessary.I would never go back but I don't regret going there. go to Blue Fin...
4	Pros: This restaurant has maybe the best selection on sushi I have ever seen.  Great atmosphere, great service. Tables had a small button on the table to call over the server.  They offer unlimited sushi at a standard price as if in buffet style.  Love it!  Cons: Had to wait almost 45 minutes for a table.  Very frustrating!!!Overall, despite the wait time, sushi was well worth it!
5	i am always wanting to come back here.. my friends and i always come once a week to have there all you can eat sushi.. there specialty rolls are awsome.. i love spicy so any thing with spicy ahi is good.. they bring your food fast to..must had reservatons when you come here.
5	good food, consistant customer service and great atmosphere. by far one of the best uni's i've had in a very long time and the all you can eat is worth the price.
5	Last night my boyfriend, my roommate, and I were trying to figure out where to go to get some good sushi since our sushi joint down the street closes at 11pm and it was already 10:30 (no where near enough time for all you can eat sushi!).   I got on Yelp and looked up some all you can eat sushi restaurants and we finally decided on  Sushi Kaya for it's price of only $25 a person for AYCE sushi, and it doesn't close till 3am! Perfect for our late nights :)   Located right next to Anime Ramen, once you walk in to the restaurant you see the splendid Japanese/Korean decor, and the atmosphere of the place is just great!  Next to come was the hostess who took us to our seats without us having to wait a few minutes or more, which was awesome because I just got off of work and I was starving. The servers were so sweet and attentive, didn't have any problem getting their attention or asking for their advice. They did a really good job at keeping our drinks filled and checking up on us to see if we needed anything else.   Now we get to the sushi- DELICIOUS! They offer full rolls, and half rolls, and have soooo many selections to choose from. My favorites were the Lasagna Roll, the Salmon Fashion, and the Sex Bomb. I'm a petite person and can't fit too much into my stomach- but I most definitely plan on going back soon to try more!   I, along with the bf and the roommate, would recommend this place time and time again. Can't wait for the next visit!
5	This is hands down, the best sushi joint in Las Vegas.  It is located right in the heart of China town and offers all you can eat sushi for about $25.  The price is great and so is the sushi.  They have tons of rolls to choose from and you never run out of options.  The Brooklyn roll is my favorite and if you like eel then it is a must try.  Even when it is busy the waitstaff is attentive and always keeps the food coming.  They offer a frequent buyer card too, so if you go to Kaya 8 times, then you get a free meal.  (If you plan on going Friday or Saturday night be prepared to wait since it gets super busy)
1	food poisoning, all three of us. ate different things. not cool man.maybe we had bad luck that night. even so, i just cant go back there.
1	Food isnt that great, all you can eat sushi?? Sound good but the fish/meat was cut so thin that you can see through it.  Servers bad attitude & bad manner if u did not eat the rice (sushi rice)  this is not a all u can eat!!!  its more like all you have to eat!!!
5	Loved this place! They have an all you can eat menu unlike other restaurants that limit you to the sushi, worth the drive and great food! Excellent service as well! My favorite was the Lisa Lisa Roll and Shrimp Tempura!
1	This ayce place is the nasty-ess place I have ever ate at in my lifetime. No Joke! BUT the only decent food here to eat are the sushi rolls. Other than that everything else tasted DISGUSTING! There were no seasonings in the dishes I ordered bc there were no flavor but the gross taste of not fresh food. The mussels tasted old and dry. The tempura shrimp and squid was bad. Either the seafood was bad or the tempura batter was old. It just didn't taste right. I was surprised that I didn't get food poisoning from eating here. I ordered mochi ice cream for dessert and even that tasted horrible bc they sprinkled flour all over it but I thought it was sugar powder. So I left this place with $25 less money and loss of appetite. P.S I ate here with a hangover and the food here made me felt even worse. I should of opted for pho.
5	Food is excellent! & so many selections for appetizers & grilled skewers. Sushi quality is great.. Perfect rice & fresh fish!
5	Pardon me, but I did come and eat here twice in a week :P Yes I enjoyed it that much to have an AYCE again and eat like a queen, king, the whole kingdom of Suki Land. I have to say this is my favorite AYCE restaurant from all the others in Las Vegas. It's simple, fresh quality nigiri, rice perfectly formed ( not overly packed ), and everything I ate was GOOD, not mediocre... Tasty and satisfying good!!! Parking could be a hassle on weekends and holidays. Be forewarned.. parking was full in this complex, so I parked in the Chinatown complex nearby Seafood Palace restaurant and minding my own business.. then slap right on my driver side window.. a warning note that my car will be towed next time I park in this area. Damn serious?! This lot is empty late at night, I'm doing this lonely lot a favor by parking here kiddin' me?!!??!! I guess the security guard saw me skipping happily away to Sushi Kaya and he got jelly.. I don't blame him.. I would be so jelly too, knowing I'll be chowing down some real good eats in a few minutes. Sushi Kaya is tucked in the corner right next to Cafe Noodle & Chinese Barbecue restaurant. If you're not the type that reads signs and banners.. you might as well missed this place and gone to Anime Ramen. I lived here all my life and never even knew about this place until a few of my lovely coworkers decided to eat here after a crazy night at work. Fell in love that night with Kaya.. Sushi Kaya that is. Then came here again a few days after with my Family for my Brother's going away get together. The owner is extremely kind and welcoming. Took our names and in matter of minutes, we were seated and our server, Juno, that's another story was attentive, patient, and sound in service. Almost like he had sixth sense of when we wanted to order more, to taking finished plates, drinks refilled, to just anything we needed he came around every time to see how we were doing and if we would like to order more. Couldn't have asked for a better server, yet alone a very handsome one :D We didn't order any rolls, but only nigiri... Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, Scallop, Uni, and Sweet Shrimp. All were fresh and delicious. My favorite was the Salmon... never had it like this before.. melts just melts so smoothly in my mouth. We ordered ten orders of Salmon and Tuna. The cuts from the Salmon was the best quality I ever tasted.. Both my parents mentioned about it too. Unfortunately, it was so good that I forgot to take pic of it. Once I saw the dish, I devoured it.. I mean my Family and I killed the nigiri. We were like synchronized machines.. one by one.. nonstop. Finishing everything... Clean. Raw oysters were fresh & ended with a reviving bite. I insisted that my brother's gf and my mother to eat it all, since I'm single.. know what I mean :P Eh anyways so much more food to enjoy, I just wanted everybody to eat a lot & be happy. Bacon/asparagus and bacon/scallop... do I need to say more.. flavor madness.. must try!!Shrimp and calamari tempura had such a light, crisp crunch. Not too oily or salty. The batter they make this in had to be fresh every time. I seriously enjoyed every bite! Cucumber, Seaweed, and Salmon Skin salad.. sum it up with one word.. Refreshing!!!My two favorites... Ginkgo nuts and sweet potato diced skewers. I'm not shy to order 20 each and cheerfully finished every single piece. I'm the killa of these two and don't tempt me to strike again, because I will! *chomp chomp chompWe ordered desserts consisting of: five orders of mini cheesecakes, mocha almond/green tea/red bean ice cream, and green tea/red bean mochi. In waiting.. I completely forgot I ordered  three orders of baked green mussels and the food runner goes.. ooooh are you done with dinner?!!? We all said Yeeeees. Then she goes oooh, but I have your last order of these mussels? Then my whole family looked at me haha I go... it's okay... no problem.. I'll still take it :P Done. It had a caramel finish in taste and cheese topping. Very yummy for my tummy. No problem...Desserts all came and I ended up finishing all the mini cheesecakes, since my family warned me they couldn't hang anymore.. what I say... No problem.. I'll eat them for you. My Brother keeps saying out loud.. Damn my sister can eat!! Damn right. Weak sauces... nah just kidding. We all did a great job in finishing all our dishes. From start to finish.. it was a great experience in dining here. Food and service were on point and never at any given moment was it a disappointment. Food came out promptly and never once were we just sitting there without anything to munch on. Always busy eating away!!! Ha! :P The price is so reasonable and exceptionally affordable compared to other AYCE places. Don't forget to ask for a punch card to redeem after 10 visits :) And best of all.. it's open late hours.. last call I believe is 2:30 in the mooorning, seven days a week. Even the interior design of this place is cozy, love the bird cage looking lamp!
5	Just wanted to drop a note to Sushi Kaya! I have enjoyed each time that I have visited.. The food is great for "all you can eat" and the Management and Servers are very nice as well! It must be my blonde hair lol jk jk ;)Keep up the good work and my stamp card is almost full!!!
4	Good sushi, kushiyaka, n soft shell crab.  Service was prompt.  Ice cream was yummy... Love the red bean flavor... Brings back memories.  But please fix the a c... It s a little warm in there. :-/
3	$24.95 AYCE sushi.  Sushi Kaya isn't that big.  Always ask to sit at the bar, you'll get quicker service that way.  I had a hard time trying to figure out what was what on the menu.  I'm so used to seeing the nigiri sushi in Romaji English.  I forgot this is Las Vegas.  I sat on the bar and listened to a couple of Mexican ladies complaining that the "spicy" sushi wasn't hot.  "You call Jalapeno hot?"  Oh, this is not going to be good.They're pretty generous with the two-hour time limit.  I had a double order of nigiri maguro, hamachi, saba, unagi and sake - tuna, yellowtail, mackerel, eel and salmon.  The cuts were horrible, the fish undersized and the quality average.  The maguro was a light pink rather than a rich red, which would identify it as either previously frozen or possibly tombo - a low quality tuna.  On a positive note, the rice was served warm and portioned suitably for drinking/snacking.Sushi Kaya has a large selection of specialty maki (handroll) with eye-catching names like Crazy Orgasm, Who is my dad? and Sex bomb,  I ordered the Lasagna Roll which consisted of a baked California Roll with Philly cream cheese and unagi sauce.  This was the best thing I had.  I also ordered the Viagra Roll - deep fried tempura style maki with maguro, sake, hamachi, avocado and masago (fish roe).  Not bad,  but not great either.To round off my dinner I ordered the Sho Chiku Bai Nigori for $12.  Not a bad deal.  When I asked for my check I had 3 of 6 pieces of the Viagra Roll and 2 of 8 pieces of the Lasagna Roll on my plate.  The waitress informed me that if I didn't eat everything, the restaurant might charge me for the leftovers.  My response "Go ahead if that's what you guys think is right."  I ate about $80 worth of sushi and sake in less than an hour.  Pretty good deal, but not the best sushi I've ever had.
4	Great price for a large AYCE Sushi menu!My girlfriend and I knocked out a ton of stuff in our time there and although we had to wait for a while to be seated (even though we had a reservation), it was well worth it.. The service was friendly but a little on the slow side, though it was understandable considering the volume of customers they had that evening..There's an imposed time limit for eating but we didn't get any rude warnings that interrupted our dining experience..
4	This sushi place is conveniently located in the China town area. The price is reasonable and food qualify is great considering it's an All You Can Eat restaurant. One star off for the parking issue. Every time we come here the parking lot is always full. The Chinatown plaza next door even block their parking entrance to keep the overflow traffic away. The other night when we were there, some guy (not in uniform) was directing traffic which is really funny.
5	Yummmm !!! is all I can remember but I will be back to try it again. I live across town but it is well worth a return trip or two. So I will have to update this review with much positive comments.
5	$20/ for ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI! I really wasn't expecting quality or quantity because anytime I've went to an all you can eat sushi place, it sucked. This place offers a variety of sushi on their ayce menu which include baked rolls, fried rolls, sashimi, and all that other ish including appetizers such as soft shell crab, mussels, and calamari. O.o I found it hard to believe at first and decided that I should order slowly because the portions might be huge and I didn't want to get charged for not eating everything. BUT GUESS WHAT? Portions were ON POINT & the sushi wasn't full of RICE. BTW, those skewers everyone's raving about are pretty BOMB. I think the best bacon I've ever tasted were the ones wrapped around their asparagus. BLAH! They also offer dessert on their ayce menu, get the mini cheesecake! It's absolutely delightful. :) I'm making this my to go spot every time I'm in town!
4	Sushi Kaya is one of my favorite all you can eat sushi places in town.  Everything is made to order.  The sushi is fresh and taste great.  The place is very clean un like some other sushi places I've been to.  The only thing I dislike is parking is a bit hard to find on a busy night.
4	Aside from strip clubs, slot machines, and hot weather, Las Vegas is known for its surprises. You would think, that being in the middle of the dessert...nothing really happens. Not so.My new friend from China wanted Japanese food. And I was on a budget. This place was perfect, because for $24.95 you can have ALL YOU CAN EAT. This is not like Riptide in Mission Viejo, CA where you can order a certain amount at a time. Nope. Nope here at KAYA you're allowed to order as much as you want or until your stomach explodes. Their policy is that: the food you don't eat is what they'll charge you, maximum of 2 hours, the items with check marks- you can order only once. My friend and I shared over 16 dishes. All of them delicious. Our sushi guy, Chase was fabulous! We didn't know what to order or where to start, so he asked us a few questions and got the food rolling in.Dinner starts around 4:30 and ends at 3:00 am. Last food call is at 2:00 am.I have a ton of photographs, but will upload when I'm in Cali. For now, I highly recommend. Your wallet will thank you
4	Although this is an "All YOU CAN EAT" sushi joint, the fish quality is actually pretty good.  The head sushi chef knows what he is doing.  The selection is crazy for AYCE and it is definilty a place to eat some rolls and nigiri for a great price.I ate a sashimi plate that had some of the highest quality fresh fish I have had in Las Vegas.  A for the quality. The service was OK- not the nicest people in the world and I'm always put off a bit when not so nice people work at sushi places.  C for the serviceThe worst part about this place is the music.  Some of the worst I've heard in a while.  Overall, this palce is a nice find in Chinatown.
5	FUC-yeah to their AYCE sushi! Man-o-man! They offer a WIDE selection of food, even more than Goyemon and Sushi Mon. They have a skewer selection, and more delish dessert selection too. Their sushi offerings are more with fun and exotic selections. Their sushi is fresh as well. I ordered the Viagra Roll for the deep fried selection which was delish; the Ultimate Albacore roll which was also recommended; and the Rainbow roll. Their hand roll was also amazing which i think you should order also at least once. Then we ordered the usual yellowtail, albacore, white tuna, etc...Great tip is to eat the sushi upside down so taste the fish first, which I never knew you should do. Awesome AYCE sushi deal for $26.
3	Service is friendly and prompt, huge menu, and nigiri was good. I'm not a big fan of their rolls however. I'm a little underwhelmed since nothing really impressed me. Maybe I'll need to give it another try to figure out what I really think of this place. But for now, 3 stars it is.
5	My go-to sushi place!!! Best all you can eat in town :)
5	Everytime I come to Vegas this is a place I go to. Great service and quality of food. Its AYCE sushi and yakitori, can't really complain.
3	The place is a great deal if you can stomach a lot and are not too picky about the quality. While my party was satisfied by the quantity, I found the rice for my nigiri and maki too warm (so the fish were limp and not fresh tasting) and seaweed salad too oily, too much cream cheese in the maki with them, etc. It bothered me that I had to finish a dish that I didn't find appealing just because otherwise I would have been charged extra for unfinished pieces. I wish I could just sent them back to the kitchen!
3	Calamari horrible, shrimp tempura soggy, uni wasnt fresh, nigiri was good enough, fried sushi rolls sickening. Not worth it, Goyemon is so much better
4	OH MY GOSH!! The sushi here is DE-LI-CIOUS! I'm definitely stopping by on every trip I make to Vegas.. I'm surprised I've never tried this place before. The sushi was fresh. I completely recommend the ahi poke.. mm mm delish! && the sex bomb roll was a BIG hit at our table.Now I have two concerns for the place... one of which is that the place is a little small so there may be quite a wait. We waited for 20 mins in order to be seated, but once we were seated, the ordering process & getting our food was fairly quick. My next concern is the text on the menu that reads: "we charge for leftovers"... Though I understand the reasoning behind this, it had put quite a damp on our meal. It was our first time there so we were ordering items to try... you know, trial and error. But after reading that note, we were forced to eat EVERYTHING we ordered... even if we HATED it.. For about half the time we were there, we were more concerned about how to get rid of the items we didn't like rather than focusing on enjoying the other delicious items we ordered. Nexttime, we all plan on bringing some sort of plastic bag or something... because I refuse to be charged an extra fee because I didn't like a certain item that sounded better on the menu than in person. -- I don't suggest the jalepanos poppers... eck.Here's another downside of the leftover clause... RICE is counted as a leftover, but they don't offer just sashimi on the menu... bummer. Ahh, the review ended up sounding more negative than positive now, but trust me.. the place is worth a try... just order in moderation.. instead of ordering a ton at once, split it up and make sure you'll finish it or.. sneak in a doggie bag!
5	in town for a bachelorette we were in the mood for all you can eat sushi...i never realized there were so many options!  we were staying just off the strip (rio) and this place was less than a mile from our hotel.  i made a reservation for dinner about 1/2 an hour prior to our arrival and they were so awesome!  willing to accept the res and even to push back 15 minutes when all 6 of us girls (surprise surprise) couldn't get there in time!we got right in, sat down and immediately started talking about how great it smelled. the ayce was $25 and it was INCREDIBLE!  SOOO many choices!  there wasn't one thing we tried that we didn't enjoy!  i personally am a HUGE fan of the grilled shrimp skewer app...but you can get sushi, rolls, salads, soups, skewers, bowls, etc....all a part of the ayce special.  soooo worth it!at the end of the meal we all agreed that aside from batista's...this is our new hole in the wall go-to when in town!
4	The all-you-can-eat is the best in-town, well worth the money. My favorites are the Tuna, Salmon, Bulgogi, and beef skewers; for dessert you should have some Strawberry Moochi.
5	All you can eat sushi heaven. Soft shell crab galore! Service was great, food nicely presented. I recommend out of towners stop by here first to get your sushi fix.
5	Ate here the last day of our Vegas trip and I wish I found this place sooner.  At first, I thought it was a order and pay kind of place which would be kind of expensive but i was surprised it was an all your can eat Sushi place.  We went here for lunch and it was a 19.95 for all you can eat lunch!  Winners!  I ordered everything off the one item only menu ( this is stuff that is too expensive to serve all you can eat)  They were all good.  Tempura was good and you could have ate your fill of that if you wanted too.  The miso soup was good, Cucumber salad was soso, Sushi fish was very fresh.   Their rolls were excellent and I wish my stomach was bigger because I definitely wanted to try a few more rolls but my stomach gave up.  Mochi ice cream was a nice topper for dessert.  I would definitely come back again here next time I am in vegas.
4	The food was pretty good here and it's open late. We came here for a birthday party one night, our bill came out to $100 for two adults and my two boys (8 & 4) had to pay too with gratuity. It was our first time here and they were quick with some of our orders considering we did AYCE. I recently saw them on the local news for being a "dirty dining" spot after we ate there and it happened a week before we had went. I know true fans will go regardless though. We got the bacon wrapped scallop skewers were good. I ordered the ahi poke, shrimp tempura and a few other things for appetizers. The spider roll, shrimp tempura rolls were good too. I just wish most of the rolls didn't have ponzu sauce. But we tried only a few rolls because we were in a rush to go somewhere afterwards. I'd probably come back because my husband likes the fried shrimp heads there.
1	So I went to Sushi Kaya to meet my cousin for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. I was impressed with the fast and friendly service. We decided on the all-you-can-eat menu. The sushi rolls were good, but portions and the rolls were small. After having a wonderful time and great conversation, my cousin pointed to "something" crawling behind my bench. Needless to say, a friendly ROACH paid us a visit. I stopped eating as I felt sick to my stomach. We asked for the check as quickly as possible.I WILL NOT BE BACK. They need to spray that entire restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so disappointed. 1 star for the cockroach! :(
4	This place is AWESOME!There's never a waiting list, the food comes fast and tasty and the service is always friendly. One of the best AYCE sushi places in Vegas. The only caveat is when the owner shows up and the employees are forced to threaten you with the "if you don't finish everything, we'll have to charge you more next time around"
4	I ve passed this spot plenty of times but never stopped by .always read the reviews but decided to skip it until last week where I ventured inside.Service was great. We got sat right away and decided to sit down at the sushi bar, where we thought we will be ordering directly from our chefs . To our surprise we were not allowed to? What the deuce !!? This was very weird. Are they protecting the chefs and their magnificent sushi ninja secrets? Do I look like a sushi chef killer Come on..I appreciate them serving me fast and refilling my drinks right away but if I sit at the sushi bar and the chef is right next to me, I should be allowed to order from him.Place is big and clean. Seems to be a good spot for groups too. Nice comfy looking booth and a nice waiting area as well. Lighting is good as well .In general the ambiance is pretty nice. Now..what Im gonna say some of you may not like. But there were no Japanese employees.I understand that most places are Korean owned/managed, but at least lie to me and hire one Japanese person. Its like going to a Peruvian restaurant that is run and managed by Colombians..yes we look alike but we are not the same.Food is good. The appetizer menu is extensive and their poke salad has big chunks of tuna which is a win in my book.The soft shell crab was delicious. Very well cooked ! Rolls don't fall into the "damn that's a roll or rice ball" category so that's another good sign for me as well. I lie the fact that the nigiri doesn't pack that much rice either. Lots of sushi places make this mistake, however Kay packs the nigiri with a good amount of fish.Will this be my next favorite spot? No, would I come back? yep..if im in the area. There is nothing spectacular in the menu that would make me want to return despite the distance, however it is very good..hard to explain but that is just a personal opinion. The food is good, the price is average and the service Is great. Only thing missing is that IT factor, which makes me decide if I should drive far for a restaurant or not.Fear not readers..my chase for the holy grail of sushi will not be done anytime soon
5	I love this place! It's open 24 hours so if you ever want late night sushi, its the place to go!! Me & my friend come here for the all you can eat sushi :) I've never tried anything but sushi here so Im not sure how their other food is, but if its anything like their sushi, you'll love it! Great price for all you can eat with appetizers, great selection of raw & cooked sushi & dessert! The sushi is fresh...I haven't really had a problem with this place yet. Food usually comes out rather quick... Last time I ended up waiting longer than usual, but maybe it was just busy for them... So other than that one time its great!
2	Finish your food. We left two pieces of rice on our plate and the manager saw it. When the waiter came back, he said that the manager said if we don't finish our food, they will charge us extra. What if we had dropped that rice on the floor and didn't want it anymore? Jerks!
5	Sushi Kaya, I found them on yelp one night because we wanted try a different sushi joint. Oh boy we're we pleased to find out more than just sushi rolls were on the AYCE menu. That meant more things for our belly to try! My favorites were the skewers, the volcano roll and the black dragon roll. I wish I would have written down the names of my other favorites because there are many! My boyfriend is addicted to edamame so thankfully that was on the AYCE also.They were on top of bringing more out for him when he gobbled them all up.If you're looking for a great AYCE place that has many options and awesome service as well, then this is the place! We definitely left with food babies and named them satisfied. :)
5	Great AYCE. Always a great experience. Super friendly service, sushi made super fast and beautiful, and the food is always so delicious. The entire staff always greets us when we come in, and the sushi chefs thank us every time we leave. We've tried many other sushi places in town and this one is by far the best. When we want to start thinking about trying something different, we can never think of anything better.
3	First off I want to say, service was friendly, professional, and fairly prompt. I have no regrets spending about $25 on this AYCE sushi place.  However, based on other Yelp reviews and the words in bold print on the menu,  I heeded the warning and finished ever single bit of food put in front of me.  In Sushi Kaya's defense, I did not test the rules about not wasting food.  I just felt uncomfortable and nervous the entire time I was there. There are too many rules and restriction---must finish food, two hour limit, items you can only order once per person.   Since I don't eat rice or much starch I was limited to skewers and appetizers, no sashimi on the menu.  Most of the skewers were meager, especially since I was only allowed to order each one, one time.  Three bucks for a dinky skewer of meat? $12.95 for rolls with catchy names. Common on! They overprice the ala carte and only "force" a customer to choose the AYCE.  Luckily, I deceive people because at 100 lbs,  I can eat enough to match a 200 lb, 6'2 man. Certainly I had enough food, but if it is AYCE, I just want to walk out happy, full and feeling like I got my monies' worth at a AYCE,  instead I felt relieved I finished all the food on my plate, and feared testing my limits by trying that last skewer.  Sheesh, I feel like a child eating at my mother's house!  I've had AYCE that is more suited to my sashimi eating lifestyle. I am not going back, but I will say the menu is vast and includes dessert (which I don't eat). You should try it, you will enjoy it...as long as you follow the rules.
5	Like Ted Williams, this place ALWAYS hits the spot. Best in town (probably state).
4	There are lots of options. Food is good. Loved the cherry amaretto ice cream. Wait time for a table can be long but food comes fast after you order.
4	I wasn't impressed on my first visit and I think it was mainly because I came with a big party (orders weren't met and given to the wrong people, etc). But the second and third time I've been here was pretty good. The second time I was here with two of my girlfriends celebrating Christmas a couple days earlier and the recent one was with my bff during lunch. Dinner seems to always have a wait, especially during peak hours (starting at 7pm til around 10pm). Even during lunch there's still some wait time (damn this place is popular). For $19.95 lunch and $24.95 dinner AYCE, their prices are on the lower side which might be the reason why they're always packed. I really liked their baked green mussels, nigiri, and dessert. Their rolls are a hit or miss for me, so are their other appetizers and skewers. I try at least three different rolls every visit, then maybe one day I'll figure out which ones are my favorite. EDIT: so far I've liked their "viagra" roll haha! I love getting their almond mocha ice cream and green tea mochi ice cream for dessert. I finally warmed up to Kaya, so I'll add this place to my "Sushi List." Btw, I noticed some of their hosts graduated from my high school. I found this amusing haha
4	This place is a good spot to go to if u wanna do AYCE. Their prices are pretty worth it and the menu is big and have a lot of yummy sushi rolls which i loveeee! The nigiri's are pretty small which i dont mind at all cause im really tiny and i get full really fast lol and i dont like to eat too much white rice anyway. The service is pretty fast and u can order half a roll if u cant finish a full one which is a plus for me! The only down side is they get quite busy around dinner time and there's usually a wait but once they sit you they get your order right away. Will definitely come back here again for some AYCE!!!
5	New favorite ayce sushI in vegas. Good service.  Good quality fish. And nice portion of rice in their sushis
5	This is by FAR the best Sushi Place in town!A couple of times we have tried to go to other places and we always regret it!The service is awesome! Dinner time keep in mind you always have to wait, its really busy but its well worth the wait! The Nigiri Salmon is so bomb and always soo fresh!! Shrimp tempura and muscles are amazeballs and my favorite rolls are Amigo roll but I usually get it without jalapeno because Im not much of a spicy fan! I also love love love the sexy roll, and the California dream roll.  The green tea ice cream and mochi is also soo soo good!!!
5	Awesome deal for all you can eat. I came here for New Years Eve dinner and the staff totally took care of us. The food is fresh and quality is excellent. Don't order too much too fast. You can get the "eyes bigger than stomach" syndrome.
1	First time reviewing, don't know if it is possible to give less than 1 star. However, it was definitely not my first time there today, their food has been consistently tasting worse every time I've went. The food is never cooked as well as it was the previous time, and the service gets worse and worse. I can understand neglect when they're not busy, but the rate that we received refills does not match up to how busy their servers were. Also, an interesting situation which could have been easily resolved came up when I ate there today: my friend (who eats there a lot) brought multiple stamp cards, which more than qualified for a free meal. As a business man myself, I understand the value of being cheap for the sake of saving money for the business; however, something worth many more times the value of a $19.95 write off as a meal is keeping good customer relationships. By refusing to honor the fact that she did deserve a free meal, they lost 3 frequent customers who frequently brings other new customers to this establishment. Yes, their cards say no combining allowed; yes, my friend did forget her card several times; but also yes, they made a promise to honor a combination of stamp cards the last time she was there. Sometimes business people do have to take a step back and evaluate the whole situation instead of being a little bit stingy. Sometimes business people need to not make such a big deal out of a small transaction. My friend ended up leaving without paying so I payed for her meal, and they took my money without batting an eye. I wish that one day we can live in a society where business owners can focus on people first and money second. Such a small transaction could have easily gone either way but they decided they needed $19.95 so desperately that they were willing to refuse long time customers. Done deal. I paid unnecessarily so now I'm venting on Yelp. Thanks for taking the time to read this, anyone who does.
4	Susho Kaya is tucked into a corner of the infamous China Town.One of the things I love, love, love about Vegas is the abundance of AYCE sushi. Sushi Kaya offered fresh rolls. There was no half roll option (which really bums me out when you are dining with only two people or by yourself). There were no rolls that really stood out to me.One cool they do offer is a punch card. Yes, ladies and gents, a punch card for AYCE sushi. 10 punches and you have a free AYCE sushi dinner. This almost makes up for the half roll option.Then when the bill came, they don't take card for orders under $10. This again put a sour damper on my night. Good sushi, weird policies, and a punch card. Solid 4 stars.
3	So, I lucked out and this place wasn't super slammed last night (Monday of Chinese New Year) when I took a couple clients here. The 3 of us were sat immediately upon walking in at 7:20pm.  We lucked out.It's pretty close to The Mirage (where they were staying) and it's pretty easy to find provided you know that it's tucked into a strip mall in China Town / Little Asia.Parking was a bit tough since there are a couple other eating establishments in the same strip mall so .... that might be problem.  We had to circle the lot and on the second pass a car left so I could snap the spot.The Good:- Dinner AYCE is $25- Good variety on their menu- All the rolls we ordered (can't remember them all) were tasty ... some were better than others- Our favorites: Jose Roll; Rainbow Roll; Kaya Roll- They don't drown their rolls in sauce ... the sauce is an accent... not overpowering- The ginger was fresh and crisp- The Green Tea ice cream was smooth and creamy- And most importantly... my clients liked everything and were stuffedThe Not so Good:- It's pretty loud in there when it's busy- Had to flag down servers to order and get refills- The servers didn't explain how the AYCE works (luckily I'm well versed and explained it to my guests)- While the rolls were good, the sashimi wasn't the best (I use Naked Fish as my standard on sashimi)The I don't know where to rank this:- We also ordered the Baked Mussels which were served HOT (that's good) but it was in a creamy, cheesy sauce.... it was good but couldn't really taste the mussel... maybe that was the point- The Red Bean ice cream was good but the consistency was grainy
5	I will never, I repeat never eat at Sushi Zmon ever again. This is the best sushi and the best AYCE sushi in Las Cegas. Cajun albacore nigiri.Get some! But, seriously, everything we ordered was impeccably delicious ;) from the mussels to the bacon wrapped scallop skewers to the funky fried mushrooms stuffed with tuna,. Also enjoyed a XXX2 roll, probably XXX3 roll, fire beef, half shell crab, spicy sticky rice cake, and well....everything rocked! You will become a Kaya groupie!
5	OMG! always amazing. This is a "local's" spot. we in the industry come here at least once a week!
4	This is definitely my go-to place for AYCE sushi!!! I've tried numerous AYCE places in Vegas, and this place never disappoints. It's also one of the cheapest places to go to with an abundance of choice of rolls to appetizers. Their service here is pretty great. They've always taken care of me whenever I go there. If ever there was a conflict or mistake on my order, they're willing to fix it without any complaints. The one waitress there, who I think is a co-owner, is super sweet! Last time I was there, they screwed up on my order BIG TIME but she took care of it and was super nice to me. Must try their calamari and shrimp tempura for appetizers! Cinderella roll and Lasagna roll is so good-a-licious! And I love love love their nigiri. It's always fresh and it's like the fish melts in your mouth. I can never get enough of the salmon and tuna nigiri. My mouth is watering just thinking about them! The only down side is the wait for the food sometimes. It's not always consistent but other than that.. I am super in love with this place! That would be the only reason why I didn't give it five stars.  Definitely give this place a try! I doubt you'd be disappointed.. BUT don't go there with super high standards.FYI: This place does half rolls! I always order half rolls, so I can gobble up on all of my favorites!
5	Ok so this isn't the best sushi place in town. But they have changed so much over the past 5 years. Menus were changed and I love how the servers aren't all Japanese and can communicate efficiently with the guest lol the sushi I think its great but not everything. Since the place changed service has been wonderful. You gotta try the triple x's rolls. Like I said not the best in town but still pretty up there!
5	Awesome. So good always a wait at night. Try the XXX2 if you like spicy sushi
3	I give props to the atmosphere, and friendly staff(Although when its busy they may take awhile to check up on you).Parking is a terror, as Kaya is in one of the most popular plaza's of Chinatown, but yet very small. I suggest parking over at the main Chinatown plaza and just don't get caught walking over lol.But definitely do not expect high quality and authentic sushi at this place. instead, expect highly bastardized sushi. But if you don't mind that, then Sushi Kaya is an alright place for AYCE.The quality of the sushi rolls were terrible, when I picked up my sushi, they were doused in sauce and came falling apart. It was as if they flimsily put together an abundance of rice, small portions of fish and fillings, and disproportional sizes of rolls.The nigiri were alright though. I don't have much to say, as it wasn't that fabulous, but it also wasn't terrible. Now onto the the good of this place! If you do some here, I suggest trying their skewers and appetizers! As well as trying some of the Korean dishes they offer.Although I did not enjoy how crappy my rolls were made, the spicy rolls were pretty flavorful and tasty. If you like spicy, its worth it to at least try.One thing I like about this AYCE place is that dessert is all you can eat as well! Which some other AYCE places don't offer at all.Sushi Kaya is not my first choice for AYCE, but its good as a last resort as its open pretty late.Definitely take time to try other AYCE options in town.
4	Service was a little slow due to unexpected rush around noon, but food was great and waiter was super nice.
5	I dont know why people are not satisfied with KAYA when Its the best sushi place in town! I've seriously been to alot of sushi place for AYCE and KAYA beats sushi twister, xtreme sushi, kobe sushi, yama sushi or sushi on tropicana. I mean first of all they do half orders on sushi so you dont have to eat the whole roll!! It gives you a chance try different rolls. Also they have a good selection of specialty rolls. Plus,  they give you stamp cards which is awesome for sushi lovers!!!:)
5	This place is my new favorite little sushi spot in town. I went there a couple weeks ago for the first time and as soon as you walk through the door all eyes are on you. Everyone is extremely friendly. I have never had a waiter so happy to hear my order! I was so impressed with their customer service that I wasn't surprised that their food was just as impressive. All the sushi rolls on the menu were half off making this place the cheapest sushi place I have eaten at. I had 3 rolls and an appetizer for 15 dollars! The sushi was very fresh and they put very little rice on their rolls and sushimi. Their combo specials are:1.) classic roll + miso soup + mini salad for $6.002.) chef special roll+ classic roll+miso soup+mini salad for $8.003.)2 chef special rolls+miso soup+mini salad for $10.00*The small salad that they serve comes with ginger dressing.Overall I would highly recommend this place to everyone! The food, atmosphere and service is great!
5	What brings happiness into my life? Sushi. There's nothing like an amazing roll that just makes your taste buds go crazy!All you can eat for $25?!?! Ummm HELLO! CAN I GET AN AMEN??!!Great Japanese beers. Phenomenal rolls. And oh em gee their bacon wrapped scallops and bacon wrapped asparagus...anything wrapped in bacon is absolutely the greatest thing in life. And to finish it off with mango mochi ice cream?!!! I can eat here every day if I could!Only negative is their parking. Absolutely terrible parking. Not everyone drives small cars you know?! Still give it a 5 star tho because it's THAT AWESOME!
4	my sushi spot since my friend took me here! Order a bunch of appetizers and half a roll or two! BOMB!! Worth the wait!! LoL there's always a line!
1	I'm required to give at least 1 star, but this place deserves none. I signed up for Yelp just to rant about this place because I hope to save people from wasting their time and money here.Service was terrible! Food was decent, but the service was horrendous. It was a major turn off. She kept asking to take the plates. She even asked not once, but 3x when she saw a couple of pieces of sushi left on a plate if we could put it on the other plates so she could take it. Where have manners gone? I don't understand the rush because it was 9pm and there were 2 empty tables and no one waiting. All our plates were brought to us with no chopsticks, no napkins...nothing.We were a party of 8 with a mandatory 18% gratuity which I feel this $30 tip was stolen from us.I can't believe my sister recommended this place! She was with us though and said she will never go back. I'll stick to my usual sushi joint.
5	OK, I like food and can be a bit picky about where I spend my money, especially for sushi.  When a friend introduced me to this place a few weeks ago, i was like, "all  you can eat sushi, really? That doesn't sound very appealing."  BUT, I was blown away by the food!  The best calamari tempura I've ever eaten! Very fresh, light, not greasy.  And the agadashi was like fluffy white clouds in my mouth.  The nigiri, especially the white tuna, was awesome:  very fresh, perfect temperature.  And ALL the rolls I had were great.  I highly recommend this place.  It will be my new sushi spot from now on.
4	Love their Shrimp Tempura. Word of advice: don't sit at a table where there's no call button. Service is slow. You need the button to call your waiter/waitress.
4	After being here over 10 times in the last year, I feel like it would be appropriate to review my favorite, yes you heard me right, my favorite sushi joint in Las Vegas.Sushi is this kind of sandstorm that hit, from my observation at least, hard and hasn't left. You can go everywhere and find sushi restaurant on almost every other block these days. I take the undeniable pride in having tried many of the places around the valley and this is my favorite, on a wide spectrum.Sushi Kaya is "hidden" in the corner of a restaurant complex but you'll always find it packed. The place is a little small, so often on the weekends if you're coming here the wait times can be on the higher end. Another complaint is, sometimes the service is a little on the crappy side. Like people forget to acknowledge you, the good thing about that is that each table has a "call" button that is quite useful.Other than that, the rolls and nigiri are all very good. I'm not quite sure the days they get their shipments, but I've never had an experience where the fish did not taste fresh. I always order a boatload of salmon nigiri and I have never been disappointed. The unagi is always delicious and fresh on the bright side and homeboys and homegirls... I LOVE MY UNAGI!My favorite roll is the "Sex Bomb" roll. Very delicious. I might as well be there house specialty, because it is the right amount of everything. I also always order the Brooklyn Bridge roll and the Spider roll. There are very few rolls that aren't good, in fact, I've never been disappointed with any of the rolls I've had. The desert is always good, they give you unlimited ice cream and I always get the mango or strawberry mochi. All in all, this is my favorite place because the whole experience. There was one instance I left and hated it, but it was because of the service on what seemed like a slow night. As you can probably tell, I forgave but sure as hell will not forget. BUUUUTTTT! I will always to continue coming back, because it's just that good!
1	This place may have "the best AYCE" in town, but they no doubt have the WORST service in town. Sure we were seated immediately, but we had to wait 15 minutes to even be served drinks. What ticked me off the most was that 2-3 servers have walked past our table several times, glanced at our bare table. Not even a "someone will be serving you shortly" or any form of acknowledgement, just table glancing. Despite the servers passing our table plenty, we were never approached. We heard from reviews that this place would be hot and busy, but the sushi bar was not full and there were some empty tables, so it wasnt busy yet we still got ignored! Ignoring this place FOREVER like how they have ignored our presence.
5	I love this place! Ive been here a few times and have always left happy. The food is great, the nigiris are fresh and delicious. I loved almost everything i tried. The crab is imitation crab, which wasnt specified in the menu. That is the only negative comment i have about this place. Make sure to make reservations as they are always packed and good luck finding parking.
4	Great sushi great price I just wish that the sushi chefs would have some sort interaction with the customers. But if they keep making sushi taste this way they can ignore me all they want
4	Not the BEST sushi I've ever had, but for an ALL YOU CAN EAT place I'll give it up! For 20 bucks you can order whole and half rolls, practically everything on the menu is up for grabs. This place is great for groups. Me and 10 of my good friends had a blast trying all the rolls they had to offer. Great time. We walked out of there very full and very happy. What's not to like!?!
1	This place has delicious sushi but the worst service ever!  I've been probably 4 or 5 times and I always told myself that the service would get better but nope!  I dont think I've ever had worse service at a restaurant peirod. It sucks because I enjoy their food and their all you can eat price is awesome but I definitly won't be returning to Kaya sushi anytime soon.  There are far too many sushi joints in Vegas to ever waste another dollar at Kaya
4	place to go for sushi in Vegas
5	By far the best all you can eat sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. The menu has so many options of signature rolls you can order. Nowhere else in Vegas can you get unlimited orders of a selection of 20+ signature rolls.The atmosphere is very relaxed and the service is exceptional. I've taken a lot of friends here for special occasions and we all enjoyed it. Hopefully this place stays in business for many years to come.
5	This place was amazing, best AYCE in town! The customer service was very good and they had the cutest lil Asian waitress working haha. The Sex Bomb roll was delicious and so were every other roll we ordered!  Definitely coming back soon!
4	Awesome with great variety.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Our fav sushi place used to be yama sushi. I think they are replaced to sushi kaya now. Great selection, yakitori selection. Kimchi fried rice? Fried Udon?? Come on, this place is bomb.We came in late one evening decided that we would like some sushi dinner at midnight. Guess what? Its still open and its an absolutely one of the best sushi joint in las vegas. Love their rolls and dynamite. Surely you must try this place. Surely.
5	Hands down my new favorite sushi spot. Our waitress Yuri was fucking awesome! Good food, good vibes, good looking waitress...5 stars all the way. Yuri if you ever see this, me and my boys ate here last week around the time you guys were getting ready to close. We were sitting at the table closest to the cash register, 4 very tatted white guys...you told us how you were originally from San Francisco and the reason why you thought we got along so well was because we're both not from here and that people from Vegas grew up breathing different air lol. Not only was she very attentive, she had an amazing sense of humor and was cracking jokes with us all night. She was a blast, if you guys ever get the chance ask to be seated in Yuri's section. You won't regret it. She's the gorgeous Asian waitress with a septum nose ring, which my homies and I thought she pulled off better than any other chick out there. Awesome girl, super friendly and bubbly. Sexbomb, cowboy, and jose were my favorite rolls. we asked Yuri what was her favorite and her answer was "anything deep-fried. life is better deep-fried" Definitely recommend this place!
4	My favorite AYCE sushi in town.  Salmon skin salad...tuna poke...unagi....ebi...soft shell crab...dynamite...etc...yummy! I just love their food.  We come here almost every week to have dinner.  Wait time is pretty bad though...but it's sure worth the wait..
5	We went to Sushi Koya last Sunday following my daughter's UNLV graduation, after having been turned away from Yama Sushi when 3 of our party were late (boo Yama Sushi).  We arrived with 9 guests and were seated almost immediately in a small private room off the main dining room.  The service was prompt, professional and outstanding!  The variety and freshness of the sushi and rolls was very, very good.  I would have no hesitation about going back.  The only down side is the limited parking in front of the strip mall, you may have to park in back and hoof it from there.
5	One of the best sushi places I've been to in town. The staff is friendly, the sushi is fresh and the atmosphere is all around positive. I am a regular and have never encountered a problem at this location. Also, when you are getting all you can eat and feeling full after a few orders, or never tried a roll, you can order half rolls!
5	Best place to get sushi late!!! Best Rolls:Brooklyn*Sex bombCrazy orgasm (fresh)Cinderella roll*White VegasWall Street * (rapongi) Kaya roll (fresh)
4	Really chill place to eat sushi , the rolls are the bomb. The only thing is that on the weekends it gets crazy packed and that's when the service can be slow at times. The Staff here is really friendly and that's why i keep coming back.
4	This place is great!The fish was fresh and nothing was overloaded with rice like a lot of AYCE places.Nothing better than quality fish and the specialty rolls were very unique.The only two things that keep me from giving this a full 5 stars are a] the service is a bit slow, I attribute that to how busy they areb] the way the bar is set up you don't get to interact with the sushi chefs, which I wholeheartedly enjoy.Still a quality joint.
3	CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: If you are mucho hungry, you are definitely getting more than your money's worth.  If you are fussy about the quality of your sashimi, I'd go with Sushi Koma, Goyemon or Blue Fin.THE MEAT: Their lunch and dinner prices are $2-5 bucks less than most AYCE joints and their menu is more extensive - including skewered items, noodle dishes such as Japchae and bottomless ice cream.  We enjoyed the bacon and scallop skewers, the dynamite and ahi poke with seaweed.  The nigiri not so much - the salmon was not as fresh, the ono was slightly seared and served with rice doused with vinegar (same with the Cajun albacore... it was a little weird to me, very sour).  For the rolls we had the Sex Bomb, the Dragon Roll and Amigo Roll.  All were pretty good except for the fact that the sushi rice on the rolls was all warm.  I'm not sure if I'm just accustomed to cool temperatures, but what I'm reading is that sushi rice should always be cooled down and served at room temperature, or as the same temperature as the fish it is served with (cool if raw and warmer if cooked).  All in all, we still enjoyed our meal but next time I'm craving good AYCE nigiri I'd rather pass out at Sushi Koma. I'M STILL DIGESTING... That awful warm sushi rice.  And the fact that the tables around us were getting their orders a lot faster than we were.  Curse you cursed table with slow food turnaround time!  (I dunno what happened, service was pretty good).WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)Amiga and Dragon Roll http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-kaya-las-vegas-2?select=mhRBiy1FrsIzos1YYD_2Ug#1vzoZpqBSLQo5IYDWwyW1wTobiko and Cajun Albacore Nigiri http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-kaya-las-vegas-2?select=mhRBiy1FrsIzos1YYD_2Ug#unN0x_B2-Tzx3-jkMpTDEwAhi Poke with Seaweed http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-kaya-las-vegas-2?select=mhRBiy1FrsIzos1YYD_2Ug#hmdH0Iq8smKdZeSLQ_IBnQ
5	Very good for acye sushi! I believe it's Korean owned, or at least we were greeted in Korean when we walked in.  There are some AYCE sushi places that can make you feel as if you're "overstaying or overeating" your welcome, but this place did not have that vibe.  Great place, will visit again when I return to Vegas!
5	This place was amazing!! I wish a place like this existed where I am from.  We did the unlimited sushi dinner and ordered maybe 12 rolls and a couple tapas.  Every roll we had was unique and delicious.  The service was very quick and friendly as well.  The wait was long, but well worth it and the trip from the strip.
5	My absolute favorite AYCE sushi spot in Vegas! I've introduced so many people to Sushi Kaya & they love it every single time. I've probably used up 5 stamp cards because I go here so often. LOL I highly recommend the Cinderella Roll, Brooklyn Bridge & Japanese lasagna roll. I also love their nigiri. Amaebi, yellowtail, & salmon are my faves! Their appetizers are also delicious. Bbq beef skewers, beef tongue, bacon wrapped asparagus, baked green mussels, kimchi fried rice, omg I can go on & on. Oh, don't forget dessert! I like how they don't have a *one order per person* limit on desserts so you can order to your heart's content. I usually order the red bean ice cream & green tea mochi. I'm obsessed with their red bean ice cream! The only downside is the wait times for this place (usually a 30-45 min wait on the weekends) since it's ALWAYS packed & the parking lot is as well since it's right by other popular restaurants such as Tea Station & Ichiza. Ugh, I wish they would expand their parking lot. However, the quality of the food here outweighs the wait times & parking situation. Definitely check out this place. :)
3	My family has this thing where we drive from SoCal to Vegas ... to eat off the strip. Don't ask why, because I honestly don't know.  Anyways, this is a nice sushi spot with an all-you-can-eat option. Which is of course what we went with. For $25 a person, you get all the rolls, nigiri, whatever you want you can eat. Now, I'm not a big fan of all-you-can-eat, but if you are, then please stop by! The quality isn't bad, but it isn't anything to write home about either. Being in the middle of the desert, it's hard to get fresh fish for that price.
5	all you can eat for 25 dollar plus tax.....its the best sushi deal in town.....quality is surprising good for ayce...the nigri is very good quality...so the rolls are good...the plus is very clean and korean run....service is fast and good....
5	I have an insane weakness for sushi . Especially if it comes from sushi kaya. Best sushi place EVER. It's the best sushi for your money, and not to mention its alot cheaper than other AYCE sushi places. Try the crispy rice sushi ! It's very innovative for sushi . It's the only place I've seen this kind of sushi. Although I admit their desserts could be better . I love chocolate and they only have fruity desserts. The only chocolate you will find there is in the cheesecake. If your from out of state , AYCE sushi in Vegas is like a new experience . Every state out of Vegas that offers AYCE sushi does not offer as many appetizers and rolls for the same price . Take advantage of AYCE in Vegas at sushi kaya!
3	To get straight to the point - Sushi Kaya is the choice for you if you prefer a nicer range of good appetizers, especially if you have anti-fish diners in your party. Otherwise, if you're a nigiri kind of person, it really isn't worth the five dollars you'll save by going here instead of some other AYCE sushi joints that are open late. The fish and seafood is lacking. The textures range from decent to oh-god-gritty-sea-urchin, which can really break an evening and a tooth or two. Some of the fish nigiri were unusually fishy, especially the salmon, which was uncharacteristically lacking sweetness. There's also a clear excess of rice on the nigiri and rolls, and while I understand that the establishment does need to break even, it always seems underhanded to do it with the rice overage method. There's just... nothing the guest can do about it, but to be bitter and be filled prematurely with rice for fear of Leftover Charges.Fortunately, the appetizers and other dishes are very good, and are actually worth the all-you-can-eat space to try, especially since you won't be missing out on much anyway from the bad seafood. The desserts are good too, but it was a bit strange that they were out of stock of more than half the dessert menu. The service is pretty friendly too, which is nice and well-appreciated especially considering how busy the place was and how late it was at the time. They'll let members of your dining party do a la carte ordering while others do AYCE, too, which really must be inconvenient for them, but is a great service to us, so thank you, Sushi Kaya.Now, if you'd serve me some better nigiri, and keep the plum wine ice cream in stock, that would be even better.
4	Service was good. It's cute inside. I love to be able to order half rolls for variety on AYCE. Will be coming back again.
4	I've been to this place several times with family and friends.  You MUST do the all you can eat for $25.00.  We tried doing the a-la-cart thing but it wouldve been cheaper to go the all you can eat route....
4	Love eating here because their menu is huge for AYCE. You can order different appetizers & desserts when you get all you can eat which I haven't been able to do at any other sushi spots. The sushi is good but the service here is not as good as the food. Ate here a couple days ago w/ my family & they were constantly forgetting to bring rolls to our table. We had to ask 3 times for our Ever Green roll which doesn't even have any meat in it just all veggies so I'm confused as to why that took so long. Other times I've had a waiter take 15 mins to take another order. Pretty annoying since I was at a table right in front of the sushi bar. Besides that food is good & I recommend getting a stamp card cause you get a free AYCE after your 10th one.
5	I have been here many times and I always leave a happy camper. When you do the all you can eat option there's something for everyone on there. Everything is cooked to order and its nice so you don't over eat and take your time. Nice interior and friendly service. If your visiting Vegas you must try it. Its a good deal compared to how much buffets charge there.
3	I should have listened to my cousins review before going here..A good friend of mine recommend this place and she raved about how good it was, so naturally I was excited. There was six of us so we had to wait for a table to be set up which was no problem. Once we got our table our server quickly asked us what we would like to drink and if we were doing AYCE. Things were going pretty well and we were enjoying the food and the service till we hit the 30 dollar mark. Once we hit that mark it was as if we were invisible! We waited ten 10 to 15 minutes to make another order and from there we had to wait 30 minutes for our rolls! The most annoying part was that our waiter often looked at our empty table and never said a thing! Not to mention their hostess kept looking at our table as if we should be leaving! Hello we were waiting for our rolls! I told my friend about it and she was shocked, she mentioned that next time I go I should go with them. If things do change during a second visit I will update my review.
5	I enjoyed my visit to Sushi Kaya, food was excellent, but not as good as the stellar service
2	Fish on top of nigiris are sliced so thin I can't taste the fish.  What they excel at are the endless selection of specialty rolls and you can order them in half size.  The appetizers and desserts are good. My search for the best AYCE sushi in Vegas continues.
5	By far favorite sushi spot! Favorite rolls:Tornado Roll Sex Bomb Roll Lasagna RollCrusty Philly Roll Spicy Rice Cakes are delicious!
4	the hidden treasure in Vegas has to be this spot.  Hidden away in Chinatown off the strip it has to be my favorite place there.  Best all you can eat sushi place.  People never leave the strip to go out in Vegas most of the time, which i am one of those people.  But my cousin introduced this place to us and now its a tradition.  We come to Sushi Kaya every time we go to Vegas.  all their rolls are the bomb, but my top two have to be the Cinderella Roll, and the Alaskan roll.  I just want to go back to vegas just fo this joint.  If you are out in Vegas go try this place, you wont regret it trust me.  The only thing is that is packed because its soo good, but since its so packed its really stuffy inside on a hot summer day out in the dessert, and the AC cant take care of the whole room.  But we deal with that just to eat those yummy rolls.
5	Today me and my family went forr lunch in Kaya. The food was great and the service was excellent! !! Our server Han was exceptional!  He was very attentive, very knowledgable, very proffessional and very kind! He was on top of everything at all times. Our drinks were promptly refilled and the empty plates cleared from the table all the time. All I want to say is what and excellent service!!! I am lookong forward for our next visit!!!
5	I love Sushi! I went here yesterday with my GF since we haven't been to Kaya before. It was sort of busy, not so surprised about that. our wait wasn't long at all and the customer service was extremely friendly when we arrived.We sat down and had our go with the sushi. Great quality, Made fast, the Portions are perfect, what more can you ask for? My favorite is always Shrimp Tempura rolls, i can't get enough of it, i know. Simple. lol But i also found a liking to the Lasagna Roll. very tastyy!!Short but sweet review, loved my experience here, great service and i appreciate every bit of it. Definitely will be back again.
4	Went to Sushi Kaya yesterday and took a few friends from out of town. I had been here before a while back and don't eat sushi too often. My friends loved it! They are frequent sushi eaters and said it was some of the best they ever had! I couldn't complain I had the sexy roll and I thought it was awesome.. the cilantro sauce was pretty good too. Great service the bussers helped out as much as our own waitress!
5	Only place I go to for AYCE
4	The first time I went to Sushi Kaya, was about 3 years ago...and i was less than impressed.  Their rolls were small and it felt like a Korean restaurant vs. a Japanese Sushi House.  My friend was so crazy about this place, and begged me to give it another shot, but I refused.  I hadn't been back until last night.  I was definitely wrong about the place, or they have made some huge changes and improved greatly.  Their AYCE is affordable, and they have a lot of things on the menu that I don't think other AYCE places offer.  We had AYCE and devoured several items: Brooklyn Bridge (I'm not a fan of eel, but loved this anyway!) Shrek Roll (my favorite of the rolls that I was able to sample) Soft Shell Crab roll with Soy Paper (Good, but wasn't blown away) California Roll (Can't go wrong!) 3 orders of Sake Nigiri + avocado (yum, fresh and delicious) 3 orders of Hamachi Nigiri + avocado (same as above) Poki (Good, I've had better elsewhere, but it wasn't bad)Ginger Salad (delicious and refreshing) Mini Cheesecake dessert (I loved it!) Probably the only thing that I can actually complain about, is that their iced tea wasn't that great.  I will be back, I'm a fan now!
4	Yum yum yum! Tuna crispy rice to die for. The tofu in the broth also excellent. My girlfriend and I always come here and are seated immediately , unlike Goyemon which takes forever. But the pork belly there is sometimes worth it. I love the scallop bacon skewer, but its too bad we only get one serving on the package. We loved the white Vegas roll . Service is fast and dishes are delivered promptly. The hostess was very sweet and accommodated a more comfortable table and moved us over to a larger table. I just don't like the lighting it needs to be a little more dim. I just got out of work and honey it was a hard night. There are still many other dishes I would like to try. I liked the cherry amaretto ic much better than the mochis. Although it being super busy, we were seated in a minute and I love that. Check it out
4	AYCE well worth while.  All food was good.  Sashimi Poke was great!  Paid cash, would have preferred to pay  by credit card but there was an issue with their cc payment processor?Will revisit next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This place is AH-MAY-ZING. Holy mother of pearl. The service is fantastic and the AYCE options are great (more than just sushi and fried rice). The sushi rolls are none like I've seen elsewhere. This place makes me want to move to Vegas...or at least just go for a one day sushi bender. It's that good! Joe's Sushi who?
1	Most disgusting place I've ever been too EVER! Me and my gf were having dinner there and there comes a roach crawling on her seat coming from there wooden booths ! So unsanitary I even took a picture of the roach and showed the manager , they need to be closed down! I'm scared for life from that place and there customer service is horrid !
5	Best sushi in town
1	This place is horrible. Fish quality is bad, service is even worse. My wife and I went o eat, the servers kept on bringing pre made Sushi and they rushed us out and last orders were not even fulfilled. I had to give 1 star because 0 star is not a choice here. In Las Vegas there are many good Sushi place so avoid this restaurant.
5	I love this place. I've been here multiple times for the last 3-4yrs and is my favorite sushi spot in town. The servers are very nice and I love the sushi and food here.Must try:Cinderella rollDynamiteWhite tuna nigiri (I like how theirs taste like it was smoked. Not like that in a lot of places)Bacon and scallop skewerBeef skewerGingko nutsAnd when I asked them if they could recreate a roll I had from a different place, in a different state, they were most happy to do it for me.
2	We should've walked out the second we walked in. The hostesses were nice but there was just this nasty stench... like when you leave a wet towel bunched up on the floor for a couple days. The menus were really dirty I didn't even want to touch them. We got seated right away so that's a good thing. We had a party of 5 and got seated at a booth. The tables have a little call button that you press if you need something. We all decided to do the AYCE sushi. We ordered green mussels, a couple of hand rolls, couple of sushi rolls, and tons of nigiri. Most of the food came out right away. The green mussels took a while which was expected. What was weird was that the mussels came out before the hand rolls. Makes no sense at all. After we were all done with the sushi out waiter asked if we wanted dessert. We ordered mochi all around and also asked for the checks as well. The mochi took about 10 mins to get, the check took another 10 after that, then it took another 5 mins for them to pick up the checks. We all got so frustrated that we were pressing the call button and no one paid attention. Multiple employees walked by not even glancing our tables direction. After he finally picked up the checks it took another good couple of mins to bring them back. By the time we left we were all hungry again from waiting so long to leave. The food wasn't even worth it. The salmon had a fishy taste to it. The tuna was good. The Ono, albacore, yellowtail were all weird tasting. The mussels were prepared differently than I'm used to but overall were good. The tako slices were really thin.Overall experience was bad. Most likely never coming back here.
3	The food is still great. The service is going to pot. Orders never happen or you get the wrong item. Once I complete my stamp card, Kaya is coming off my list.
4	Nice place, cool setting friendly staff and very tasty sushi. I enjoyed the all you can eat menu, they have food items that you don't normally find on all you can eat sushi menus. I would defiantly go back and bring a friend.
4	Sushi Kaya is quite a popular place to get some all-you-can-eat sushi.  As far as quality goes, the rolls and nigiri are usually pretty good.  On my first few visits, the service was friendly and fast.  On my most recent visit, the service remained friendly but evidently became slower (perhaps they were short on chefs or something).   My biggest gripe with this restaurant is its parking.  The parking lot is really bad!  What makes it worse is that even though there is a huge parking lot next to this complex, there is a guy who usually stands guard and tells you that he'll tow your car if you park in his lot.  Ugh.  Anyway, Sushi Kaya is one of the higher quality AYCE restaurants in Las Vegas!  Come here if you want some delicious Japanese food.  Just beware of the horrible parking...
2	I have had a variety of customer service in this establishment, ranging from piss poor to amazing. There are a lot of choices for the AYCE sushi including dessert and appetizers. Just be warned that many of the choices are different variations of the California Roll. This particular visit that I recently experienced started off well. There was a short wait for a Friday night and the hostesses were friendly. We had to wait for everything else! We had to wait for a drink order and to order rolls. When we were finally ready for dessert the waiter was no where to be found. We waited for 30 minutes for our waiter to even say anything to our table. Finally the table next to us sent over another server because they noticed we needed one. We decided to skip dessert because we were tired of waiting. The most frustrating part was seeing the tables around us getting way better customer service than we did. We felt forgotten and ignored.
4	For me, my quality barometer of a sushi place is its uni (sea urchin). If the uni tastes clean, smooth, and creamy, then this place is worth coming back to. What's your barometer? The surprising part of this quality place is that they have AYCE. Most AYCE places reserve only the cheaper slices or they load the orders up with rice. SK didn't have a crazy amount of rice with the sushi, so you're ok there. Sure, there are restrictions on the quantity on some of the good stuff, but that's to be understood. Just know that it's tasty and the fish is fresh. I did have to take a star off because the service wasn't consistent, even in the same visit. Not a deal breaker, but still worth noting.
5	Delicious sushi & food. One of my new favorite spots for sushi. Great service. Highly recommend!
1	Can't speak for others, but I would give this establishment a 'No Star' rating if I could. We are rather undemanding customers and we like to enjoy our dinners at a restaurant at our own pace and we do not expect servers to run around for us frivolously and our tips are at least 20% if not more.  We do not like to pick on any restaurant if it is simply OK. But this one is unbearable and I simply cannot hold back my opinion as someone who works butt off for our customers to make our living. The music was loud, and it was some sort of Korean pop music with rather fast beat. Sushi is a very Zen food which is supposed to be enjoyed in a rather serene environment, isn't it? The service is absolutely horrible: it was not the busiest time of the night as there were several empty tables; many servers were running around but nobody came to hand us a menu nor asked us for drink orders. I wanted to leave, but my diabetic husband started showing signs of low blood sugar and going to another sushi restaurant was just beyond him at that moment. So, with a number of failed attempts to get a server, finally one of them decided to stop by and took our drink order, right after he left, another server decided to hop by and asked us again for our drink order. We sat at the Sushi Bar, and there was a Sushi chef standing right in front of us, but instead of starting to take our orders, he completely ignored us. We waved at him several times, he finally reluctantly came over and said' you have to give your orders to your server and we make it for you." WTF??????You've got this bureaucracy going when most, if not all, other sushi chefs take care of the customers sitting in front of them directly along with servers assisting with their drinks. The drinks finally came, and the server was ready to walk away without asking us what we'd want for our food. That was strange, so I asked him if he should be the one who would take our sushi orders, he told us that the sushi chef would take our order directly since we were sitting at the sushi bar. Ooooookkkkkk. Seems like either the sushi chef who had spoken to us or this server had no clue if were not lying to us. Then the chef and the server conversed between themselves in front of us, in Korean, the server then took our orders and walked away. We told him that we were doing AYCE. We were expecting the orders should come gradually, but man o man, the servers dropped all our orders in front of us at the same time---at the sushi bar!! It was very embarrassing that we had all these plates spread out to the spaces next to us, thank Lord, no one was sitting next to us at the sushi bar. The yakitori was tiny but OK, the sushi rice was too soft and sticky as if they had put too much water in the rice when they were cooking it, which is no more than just being edible. We ordered two orders of Uni sushi, one for each, the uni was OK. And here came to insult--the chef told us that we were allowed to only have one order per person---wasn't it on the freaking menu? And we never wanted to order another round because 1) uni is a delicacy, not a staple 2) it is an expensive ingredient, for AYCE, as fellow business owners, we certainly understand the matter of numbers and don't want the restaurant to lose money!! The chef had to go out of his way to give us this freaking 'warning'?  We did order the second round of other sushis and rolls---a server wrote down all our orders on a piece of paper and ran to the back. The orders never came! We flagged down another server to follow up on our orders and the answer was they did not have our orders!!! Then why the heck that guy did not have the guts to come over and tell us that he'd lost the paper and ask us again what we ordered!  So much for our appetite, which was completely ruined. I hate to assume that this was their tactics to deter AYCE customers from ordering the food as they'd want, but all they had done so far left serious suspicion in our mind. We being nice customers does not mean that we are idiots. We wanted to talk to the manager. Guess what? The server walked away but the manager never came. Fine, enough is enough. We asked for our bill and that was the only thing that showed up right away. We paid the bill in full but left ZERO tips--yes, ZERO--never ever done this in my life, but this restaurant certainly earned it and it has a lot to catch up if they want to stay in business in the midst of tough competitions and bad economy.
2	I really like this place but today was just ridiculous. Normally, the service is fantastic but we got stuck with a server who did not say a lick of nice or encouraging comments to keep us satisfied. We got our order and she forgot the edamame. Once we finished, we waited 22 minutes for her to come back. She decided to take a lunch with no one to cover her tables. So that meant no refills or ordering of more rolls during that time frame. I eventually caught a busser and he sent her over. She comes over, stands in front of us and didn't say a thing. She just waited for is to talk. I usually tip very well but I was so frustrated and disappointed that we decided not to tip. I am really upset about this visit because our normal ones are usually outstanding.
3	If you are craving sushi in the middle of the night and you need a good place to satisfy your craves, then Sushi Kaya is the place. It opens till 3 am and it has a pretty good vibe going all night long. I've been here multiple times and so far I haven't experienced anything too bad. The food is great and the service is fast. It's not the cleanest place but what you pay is what you get.
5	This place is awesome, great appetizers, and a nice selection of sushi and nigri. Their baked green mussel is amazing. Their sweet shrimp is the greatest man made thing ever.  I'm allergic to seafood but who cares, Ill spend a day on the shitter for a meal here.
4	They do their Dynamite Roll a lot differently than many places. Phenomenal. Try it.
5	This place is wonderful ! My daughter Sammie brought me here to eat .......... It's a piece of heaven ! My most favorite place to eat !
4	Second time coming here, and must say I like it! The staff and chefs have always been very nice and the rolls they have are very good. Only downside to me, is that I have not seen many rolls in their menu that includes crab meat. If they had more selections with crab meat, this place would be perfect, but does not stop me from going. Still love their service and rolls they have. Recommend going if you're ever near China Town and craving sushi!
5	The best sushi in town. All you can eat sushi was amazing , you can order anything they have in the menu .
4	I went here last night for the first time with my brother and some friends. I liked how the hostess gave us another seating option since we were already waiting half an hour, and the only way we could all sit together would be another 30 min wait. At least we were seated across from each other. So me and all the girls we at the bar and the guys were at the table across from us. My brother didn't really like how even tho we got split up and were clearly 2 separate groups they still charged us gratuity because there was 6 of us all together. I understand where he's coming from cause where he works they don't charge it when the group gets split and what not, but their policies are different. Anyways I really enjoyed it there and they have a lot of things I liked since I'm pretty picky about sushi. And I do like how they have stamp cards so after so many times eating there I'll get a free meal. I'll most definitely be back again :)
5	I've been coming to Sushi Kaya for years and have always had a great experience. Friendly service and food that appeals to all the senses put them head and shoulders above every sushi restaurant I've tried. Put them on your 2Do list. You'll be glad you did.
4	All you can eat for $24.95 for dinner is very good deal.  :)  Servers are nice and sweet.  Agedashi-dofu was little sweeter than I expected, but  Nigiri and Rolls are good as AYCE.
3	Pros: AYCE Sushi, great selection, fresh fish and shrimp, close to strip.Cons: No Reservations, long wait time, slow servers, confused and forgetful servers.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas, the first place that I head to is Sushi Kaya in Chinatown about 1/2 mile from my hotel The Palazzo.  And there is always a long line no matter the night or time.  It's the best place in town for fresh all-you-can-eat sushi.  We arrived around 9:40pm and waited 20 minutes for the sushi bar.  The sushi is the perfect portion with right amount of rice and fish, temperature hot miso soup (like all Asians I hate lukewarm soup), tasty seaweed salad, and good tempura including sweet potato.  And my favorite Japanese beer - Asahi which is the measuring stick on whether it's a genuine sushi joint.  Something I learned while traveling in Japan.  Every sushi place carries Sapporo or Kirin, but a real sushi house also carries Asahi.  Call me a beer snob.  Service is always friendly and superb.  And your sushi arrives within 10 minutes after the order is placed.  Don't forget to try the "I Love My Ass" roll and thank me later.
1	Eg
4	Ate here with some friends a few weeks ago & my tummy was pretty happy. I thought the sushi was really good & they had a broad selection of food. The uni was delicious! Thankfully, my friends hate uni so I used all of their orders for it :) the service was really good that day & the place wasn't crowded at all. It is a bit far from where I live, but if I'm ever in the area I will definitely consider this place.
5	My favorite place to get sushi in town. I always get the all you can eat for $25 dinner. Really good, fresh sushi. I recommend getting half orders of each roll in order to have room to try their big menu. They also give you a stamp card for every time you go. 10th visit = free sushi dinner.
3	Joined my cousin for dinner after she raved about this place. I wasn't impressed. There are way better sushi places in the same vicinity and I wouldn't come back to this place. The service was subpar and the food was mediocre.
4	Food was fucking great, our server Kyle, was helpful as fuck. I've been here like three times and each time gets better. The reason why it's not five stars is because....there was like a small cockroach on our table. I didn't make a big deal about it at all, I didn't tell that nigga Kyle, or anyone. I trust this restaurant, and I am confident that my food wasn't contaminated. There is a big "A" on the front door that lets you know that the restaurant passed the health inspection so I felt alright about it. Maybe I should've told that nigga Kyle about the cockroach....I could've gotten a discount or something. But I felt like I already took full advantage of the buffet. It's $20 per person during lunch time and I swear me and my girlfriend ate like $50-80 worth of food during our stay.
4	I had the Dynamite Roll and the Seafood Udon.  Both were fantastic and the presentation was great.  Finding the door to the restaurant was weird but as long as you follow the signs you will find the entrance :)
5	Las Vegas has a lot of sushi restaurants that range from very cheap AYCE to top-end al la carte.  And, it is not always true that you get what you pay for.  Having had the good fortune to travel all over Japan for work for 25 years, I have experienced a lot of authentic Japanese sushi.  Now living in Vegas, I am frequently disappointed in many of our valley sushi restaurants.Sushi Kaya SURPRISED AND IMPRESSED me.  I went for dinner last night and it was a chilly and rainy night so the restaurant was not as crowded as other Yelp reviewers have reported.  The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting and the two hostesses, wait staff and chefs all made me feel welcomed.  The menu is a mix of traditional and American sushi, all in a good way.  But what I want to report is that the sushi chefs know how to respect the fish.  Its temperature is not refrigerator cold so you can actually taste the flavor of the fish.  The same is true of the rice that you can tell was recently prepared and fluffed.  I don't enjoy old rice that is packed like mortar. The last thing I want to note is that for many of the rolls you can order a half roll.  This is great if you want to try several rolls and don't want to fill up on a few.Sushi Kaya offers a loyalty card so after repeat visits you earn a free AYCE.  Nice but not necessary, this is one sushi restaurant I WILL return to and enjoy more great sushi to get my fix.  For a dinner price of $24.95, at Sushi Kaya you get more than you paid for as compared to many other valley sushi restaurants.
5	If I want to do ALL YOU CAN EAT Sushi, THIS is where I go. Amazing service! Simon is absolutely awesome and very friendly! I LOVE THEIR SEX BOMB ROLL & JOE SPECIAL! I have came into this place a LOT, but my most recent visit was the best time I have had. I came in with some coworkers and our experience was AMAZING! We stayed until 2:30 a.m.
4	I can say that this sushi place is one of the best place i've been to here in vegas! Great service , Great food! Def coming back.
5	Best customer service that I have had in a long time. All you can eat $25. The waiter was so kind and attentive. They were great. I ended up personally thanking the manager for the great service and experience I had. My boyfriend and I had more than  3 rolls each, a soup, a beef bowl, 2 ice creams and more. All of which I have were delicious. We even left with a stamp card they gave us that offers a free meal on your tenth visit. Since it was 2 of us eating, we received 2 stamps to start. This is definitely my new favorite place for sushi.
4	4th time here, everytime has been a pleasure.  Great food and service. The only Con is that its always so cold in there.  One of the best AYCE Sushi in Vegas!
4	First time here and I really liked it. I liked the different selection of food available. I liked everything that I ordered except the last 2 which was the ultimate albacore & screaming orgasm roll...it was like eating wet rice. The salad wrap was real good and refreshing. Definitely will come back to try other food.
4	Always good the skewers are great especially the bacon&scallops and roasted garlic  kimchi fried fice was great as was the sushi always recommend this restaurant Try the monkey brains yummy
4	I love doing AYCE sushi here! They have a great selection of appetizers and plenty of fish! Their quality of fish is surprisingly GOOD for such cheap prices! MUST TRY!
5	This place is amazing that I've came back for more. I've heard about this place through friends and took a spin from there. At first, you might be hesitant of the price tag, but I personally find the AYCE more reasonable b/c if gives you a variety of dishes to try out and it helps me to get used to eating sushi, a la carte can get expensive with the more food ordered, therefore I go AYCE.Although, the AYCE has a 90 minute time limit that's indicated on the menu, it's understandable they do this to accommodate seating for customers waiting to be seated. Even before that time goes up, I'd be full within the hour.I start looking at the menu and they throw in creative names for their sushi plates, some that might sound awkward, but it's not what many think. Another good thing is that the dishes have a description on what's in the food and it helps in a way to help those who have allergic reactions to certain foods or add-ons. I'm normally not much into seafood, but the way they prepare the food helps me get used to eating the seafood in the menu and I've learned to adapt to it. I've yet to go to Japan and it's a good start to help me get used to eating the food.For me, I'm not the type of individual who bothers with high end restaurants that charge a lot for their food, yet offered in small quantities. Problems with places like those that you finish up the food and still not be full and end up with a heavy price tag, that's a no-no for me. I like quality food, but the quantity and the price is important for me. Places like kaya is meant to go there with someone tagging along or a group of friends dining together to have a good time. I would definitely recommend a place like this. Lunch is $19.95 and dinner being $24.95 if you go for the all you can eat in which I strongly recommend.
5	For a Tuesday night we had to wait for 45 minutes so we didn't get seated until 10:15. They were great about texting us when our table was almost ready and bringing all of our orders out really fast. We were there for all you can eat and had no complaints about anything we ordered. Waitress was good with coming to check on us frequently so we were able to keep ordering through our meal. We never had to sit and wait for the food to be brought out for more than a few minutes. Overall, fantastic sushi and service !!
2	This used to be my go to AYCE but it's been about 3 months since coming here and I now find myself highly disappointed and dissatisfied. As always the service is good. They are punctual and gear to take orders, refill drinks, and clear plates. But it's not the service that I'm disappointed with, it's the quality of the food. Much of the fish served here is precut and unfortunately I was getting slices that ranged from fresh looking and tasting, to old and tasteless. The amount of rice they give with the nigiri is crazy. The rice had a slight mush to it with little flavor. The worst had to be the masago (smelt roe) and the scallop. The Masago was mushy and didn't have any texture you would expect from fresh fish roe. The scallop was clearly premade hours before and left to sit. It's up in the air whether I am returning or not.
4	Kaya is a pretty good sushi place but it's the only all you can eat I've been too. The price is pretty good for lunch 20$ and 25 for dinner. They always say that you have to finish your food or they will charge you, but just order continuously and in small quantities. If you don't finish just squish up some of the food and put it in the miso soup :P. The service is pretty good and you can also press the service button located at the edge of the table for more help. Great feature. Girlfriend loves coming here and she always fills up her stamp cards.
4	What's Vegas without a buffet! I love buffets, especially the SUSHI kind! Located just around 10 minutes from the strip, you can find Sushi Kaya. The first time I came here was by accident when my friends and I were super hungry and just pointed to the place. Random. Anyways, lunch is around $20 a person. They apparently have a 90 min limit to eat according to the menu, but I'm not sure if they enforce it. You have to eat everything so if you don't think you can, order half portions! I tried several of their rolls and most of their nigiri. The fish is reasonably fresh and I always want to come back for more! 10 orders of salmon? Sure! 5 orders of eel! That totally hits the spot. You can also get your order of skewers, noodles, etc. I always end the meal with a mochi ice cream as well as regular ice cream! Green tea is the way to go! Yum! Sushi Kaya, I'll be back when I'm in Vegas!
1	Oh my god what happened here? I used to come here often when I want sushi. It's been months since last time and everything turned to a disaster. Nigiri smells too fishy and no flavor at all, Miso soup tastes hot water, calamari fries too sweet and blend, no skewers available for all you can eat customers, wrong order taking servers(they can't count!) and the restaurant is too cold. I'm so shocked that they still have customers. I don't understand why they charge so much money for these shits. I will NEVER come back. I should have gone to the one on Tropicana and Decatur...
4	Visiting LV from LA, gf since HS and fellow Yelper took me to this quaint little establishment off the strip. It's not much from the outside, situated in a strip mall, as you walk in it's as if you walk into a little Japan. Inside is contemporary design, with cozy booths and tables. Friend and I had the AYCE sushi, of course. Service was spot on, the food just kept coming and coming for a good part of 2 1/2 hours. And was all so wonderful on the palette. I think we ate just about everything on the menu. I have been to several other AYCE sushi establishments and have accepted that "it is what it is"...limited menu items, limited time to eat, and green tea ice cream for dessert. UGH!!!! There was none of that at Sushi Kaya. The AYCE includes a plethora of menu choices; appetizers, soups, noodles, sashimi, of course a wide range of sushi, AND desserts. When I say desserts, I don't mean just green tea ice cream, I mean you've got options. That was really surprising to me and I was very happy to be able to order several different desserts. Thinking back, we weren't rushed out like so many restaurants typically do for the purposes of turnover. Sitting relaxing catching up over AYCE sushi, now that's a day well spent.When traveling I prefer to go where the locals go, and this is definitely a local place and I will definitely return the next time I'm in LV.
5	Delicious meal and great atmosphere.Kaya rollSpider rollCrazy orgasmJackpot RollOne Night Stand - Best RollWhite vegas rollSpicy crab hand rollSpicy tuna hand roll
5	This is hands down my favorite go to AYCE sushi spot in town! I've been coming here once a month for the past year and I never get tired of it. For such a busy place the service is decent and the waiters are friendly. The sushi is sooo fresh and I enjoy the large variety. If in the chinatown area definitely worth a visit.
4	Great Sushi all around. Their fried rice is the best I've had.Service is really slow though even when moderately busy. That cost them a star.I will return for however for round two. Hopefully they read their reviews ':-/
1	Extremely disappointed. I'm totally letting the quality of the service I received outweigh the food. If you're in the mood for good food and you don't mind crappy customer service, then this place will suit you just right. I've been to sushi kaya many times in the past and wasn't always impressed with their customer service. The main reason I come back is for the decent pricing and good food. I even had my birthday dinner here last year. Their sushi selection is good and the AYCE menu has a variety of appetizers and tapas. I can't remember how much the lunch AYCE price is but dinner is ~$25 which is pretty competitive compared to other sushi joints around town. Aside from the food, their service totally got in the way and ruined my likes for this place. They're open until 3am but last call is at 2:15am. I opted not to get AYCE because we got there at 2am and 15 minutes was definitely not enough time for me to order a crap ton of food. I ended up getting stuff from their regular menu (kimchi fried rice $8.95 and four pieces of agedashi tofu $5.95) while a couple of my friends did AYCE. While my friends were ordering, the waiter kept interrupting them saying they were not allowed to share their food with myself and another friend since we were ordering stuff from the regular menu. We could tell he was not happy that they were doing AYCE right before closing time. It was just a huge disappointment. If you're gonna offer hours of service until a specific time, have the decency to honor and uphold it! They were pretty quick with bringing our food out but that's probably because we were the only guests there, aside from a couple that were seated a little before us. Near the end of our meal, they came by to ask how we were doing. My friends were missing a couple of their orders so they went to check. The waiter argued that we had received the orders already and defaulted the blame on the server, excusing her because she's still training. Regardless of the fact that she is new, he should not have argued with us. It was not professional by any means. We finished eating and continued to sit there to chit chat but noticed that it got extremely cold around 2:40ish. I'm not sure if they cranked up the a/c to get us out or if they just had a door open. We paid our bill and there was still 20 minutes left before closing time. We probably should have left right away since we knew they were closing but we were in the middle of a great conversation which was interrupted by the waiter. He came over to tell us that we had to leave because they were closing. I totally understand but it was very awkward. He didn't walk away from our table until we got up to leave. It's not like we were gonna camp out there all night.I wasn't happy walking out of there. I'll probably come back again but it will definitely not be my first choice.
1	This place has good ratings not sure why. The food is bland all there sushi is precut all there ingredients are cheap knock offs the wasabi,ginger and soy were gross. 3 stars at best.
3	Everything about the food was good. Huge variety and once we started ordering it just kept coming. Our group tried at least 20 different rolls. The only one we didn't care for featured bbq eel. We also had some nigeri the jalepeno poppers and a seaweed salad. All of those were ok. The spicy here was indeed pretty spicy which I love but it might be something to consider if you are sensitive. My gripe with this place was the hostess. When I called she said they didn't take reservations until 10 and that we wouldn't need one because it wasn't busy. Lo and behold it was busy when we got there and had to wait a half hour to sit at table that was empty when we got there. The mixed drinks were good tasting but lacked a kick. I'd be inclined to give this place 3.5 stars and another chance if I was inthe area.
5	I would like to start off with saying: BEST SUSHI I'VE HAD IN A WHILE. After living in Japan for a few years, I have high expectations when it comes to sushi. This place surprised me. Though it's still not exactly the same (nothing is, unless you get the real thing in the actual country), the different kinds of sushi options that they had just blew my mind. Everytime I come here, I always get the all-you-can-eat sushi, which is reasonably priced at $19.95 for lunch and $24.95 for dinner. They charge for leftovers, so be careful in how much sushi you order at one time! The ambiance of the place is cozy and the staff is really friendly. They're really fast in bringing your food out, even when it's busy, so that's a definite plus. The food is amazing and I would definitely recommend this place for a nice date!
5	Best sushi I have ever had in the three years I've lived in Las Vegas!! This place is amazing!! An awesome selection of both rolls and nigiri, good price for all you can eat, and good ambiance!
5	The sushi is AMAZING! Sushi never falls apart, everything is just delicious! I always get hecka salmon nigiri and i love crispy rice, sex bomb roll, jackpot roll and their bacon scallop skewers. U can order half rolls here! U get cheesecake for dessert with Mochi and ice creams too! Stamp cards have me coming back! My favorite spot for sushi hands down!
4	Good sushi at a very good price. Eat all you can! However, there are a few items in the menu that you can only order for a limited amount (e.g. Uni, salmon roe). Aside from sushi, they have a variety of other choices on their menu. This is unlike other all you can eat sushi joints who gives you only 10-15 sushi options.I have no complaints with their food and their price but I do have a problem with their service, hence, the 4 stars. Every time we go there, we never know who our server is. It seems to me the servers are very inexperienced. They get your first order and you never see them again. You're constantly trying to look for someone to get your order. It's kinda like whoever passes by gets your order. Sometimes I feel like they're doing this on purpose so that you can't order as much as you want too since there's a 90 minute limit.Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. They just need a lot of improvement on the customer service part.
1	I went during lunch time on Christmas Day so I knew it was going to be busy.  We were told it would be a 30 minute wait but it ended up being an hour or so. The service was horribly slow. I had to keep asking for a refill. The sushi itself is okay but not worth all the trouble. Nothing stood out in particular to me. I thought dessert would make everything better but it took around 15-20 minutes for our order to come out. We had to ask another waiter to check up on it. I've been to Kaya once before and I didn't remember it being that bad. It's funny because they claim that you have 90 minutes to eat but a family, who had been there since we first arrived, was still there when we left.  Very disappointing service, sad to say.
4	Quality of service only reason it's not 5 stars.  Was really busy and hard to flag down our waitress.  In her defense, she was being run ragged on an "all you can eat" special and each table was "sampling", but the sushi chefs were outstanding, and the sushi very fresh and good.  I lived in San Francisco for ten years, and worked for a Japanese company, so I would want people to know I was pleasantly surprised, no, I was shocked at how good the sushi was at Sushi Kaya.  Just put in your order and don't expect a lot of service
5	I like this place a lot. The best all you can eat sushi place which doesn't suck :3 everything was tasty. I would come back when I'm in town.
4	$25 for AYCE, I'll take it.It most certainly gets busy for AYCE during lunch time. I came in with my family after a night of blurry fun. There was a total of 7 of us, but no tables were availble for another 20 mins. We asked if we could sit at the room that looked like a waiting area. It was their private dining room. To accommodate us, they agreed and sat us right away. They did inform us that the raw items may be a bit slow to get to our table due to the high volume of orders. We were okay with that.They were great in accomodating our group. Service was pretty standard. But great that they were attentive towards use since we were in the private room. I appreciate that. The food actually came out quicker than we thought. Food was delicious and I was stuffed. I'd definitely come back for more in the future. It'll bit me my go to sushi joint in the future if I move there.I love Sushi!
5	Hands down the best all you can eat sushi place in vegas. The most extensive specialty roll selection and only about 26$ for dinner. Don't get fooled by anywhere else in Chinatown !
3	Nothing really sticks out about this place other than the small environment.The sushi itself is alright with AYCE sushi being $25 for dinner. The menu, in my opinion, is mediocre. It's all your basic sushi that you can get anywhere. If you're going with a big group, be sure to call and make a reservation. If you have enough people they maybe able to place your party in their private room.I guess if you're near Chinatown and can't decide on what sushi restaurant to eat at you can give this place a try.
5	AYCE menu is awesome. You can order anything you want from the menu. Pretty much everything tastes good there. The freshness is debatable but I like to go there when you get that sushi craving. I would recommend the baked and deep fried rolls there! They are a must!!! All in all its a very good place, atmosphere is small and nice.
1	This place is not the greatest. Music is so loud that the people in your own table can't hear you. The selection of sushi is not the greatest. 80% of it have tempura shrimp. The minimal raw fish was not fresh and it was extremely fishy. The cheesecake they have for dessert is frozen. Not a good experience. Choose a different place to eat!
5	The best AYCE sushi in Vegas. The quality of The fish is superb and the staff is friendly and orders come out fast. I ordered nigiri: unagi-octopus-yellowtail-salmon-whitefish. And the rolls sex bomb-dragon-Viagra. Everything was amazing.
4	I really enjoyed the all you can eat lunch.  I like to order the half rolls so that I can taste more of everything.  Cinderella roll was my favorite with a side of spicy mayo.  The items I did not like were the Japanese pizza (too soft and soggy in texture) and the scallop (I was expecting a raw scallop and instead it was small cooked pieces on top of the rice). The service was great, always keeping my green tea filled and hot.  The green tea ice cream tastes more authentic and less sweet.
5	Great place,  excellent service and a pretty dang good selection of all you can eat sushi and appetizers. There was a little bit of a wait for a party of 6 but it was Friday night close to 5 so not to bad considering. Definitely on my short list of great all you can eat vegas sushi joints.
4	And the winner to my very first review goes to... THIS PLACE. Why? It's the very first AYCE sushi joint I have consistently gone to over the past two years or so after discovering it (despite my lack of check-ins), and of course, because I have really come to love the specialty rolls, appetizers and nigiri here.Like any sushi place I've tried, I end up loving the most awkwardly named rolls to say out loud on the menu- the Sex Bomb is my fave here. My other usuals are Brooklyn Bridge, Wall Street and Mango Style. Salmon nigiri is always refreshing, as well as the white tuna. I have fallen into the habit of getting a side of garlic ponzu sauce to dip them in. Spicy garlic ponzu sometimes too! They have THE BEST beef skewers, so tender and flavorful, but it's on that infamous *one order per person* list :(I LOVE THE PLUM WINE ICE CREAM. End of story.In general, the actual restaurant is nice and decently spaced. At the tables that you would think receive a lot of neglect because of its placement don't! They all have call buttons to press to prevent that from happening. It's decorated nicely, with pretty Christmas lights that are up year-round and funny Japanese masks that make me laugh if I stare too long.Service is pretty speedy, except when busy but that's expected. Good price for AYCE and they have stamp cards! All in all, one of the better end sushi places in the Chinatown area of Vegas. Recommended for sure!
5	We went there last night and the 45 minute wait was well worth it! Omgosh the sushi was so amazing I just fell in love. I will def come here anytime I am in Vegas. The sex bomb roll is amazing. I didn't really care for there rainbow roll though. The booths are very big and comfortable if you two sit next to each other if not the table seems to far away.
5	Love this place; great music good atmosphere and great menu; lots of Items to choose from!!
4	Food was really good. Service was below average it didn't appear that they have enough staff. They offered me a stamp which was really cool. Ten stamp and the 11 one is free. The food was so good.  I will be back.
4	If I ever stopped caring about my health, I'll for sure frequent sushi buffets.  I mean, who doesn't love sushi buffets?  For about $20+, you can eat all the sushi, sashimi, and fried seafood your damaged heart can handle.  Sushi Kaya is one of those buffets that'll do it's best to make sure you leave with your money's worth.Located in Chinatown, Sushi Kaya is a bit hard to find.  If I remember correctly, it seemed Sushi Kaya and all the buildings around it use the same, if not similar, font.  But once you find it, get ready to eat a plethora of sushi.We had a group of about 16 people for a bachelor party.  They seated us in this room that was next to the front entrance.  I think they seated us here because they knew we were trouble, so they would want to shuffle us out of the restaurant ASAP.The room was spacious, had comfortable couches, and was set-up with non-working speakers.  Ah yeah, we were giving them hell about the speakers.  They were playing good music in the restaurant, but our room wasn't playing any of the music.  We decided to improvise by putting an iPhone in a cup and see if the sound would amplify and be loud enough for all of us to hear.  Yeah, we're idiots.Anyways, the menu had a huge selection of different sushi, sashimi, and other delightful items.  All of us ordered 2-3 dishes because we knew it would take a while for them to make and bring in our order.  By the way, you have about 90 minutes to destroy their supply of seafood.  So, you better make every minute count.I ordered the Spider roll, Eel roll, Caterpillar roll, and then it became fuzzy after that because I think I ordered more beers than food.  Yeah, they brought the liquor faster than the food.  Can't complain!  Oh yeah, they have a Jose roll.  My Mexican friend thought it was only fitting that he ordered it.  He said it was ,"Muy bien!"  But yeah, my food was pretty good.  The fish tasted fresh, the rice didn't taste bad, the rolls weren't too saucy, and they gave us decent portions for each roll.The staff-- man.  First, if any of the waiters and waitresses are reading this:  WE ARE SO SORRY FOR MAKING YOUR LIFE A LIVING HELL FOR THE 90 MINUTES WE WERE THERE.  Alcohol + 16 guys + No girlfriends/wives to keep us in check = Rebecca Black's Friday.  Wut?  Seriously, thank you staff for being super friendly, cracking jokes with us, and taking the verbal gibberish the drunk bachelor threw at you guys.Sushi Kaya. thank you very much for serving us.  I hope the night you spent with us will forever be branded in your brains.  It was one of many fun times we had in Vegas.  Thanks so much!!!!  Until next time...*evil laughter*
5	Stopped in for a light bite last night and had a great time! Sat at the sushi bar had a few spicy rolls EXCELLENT, shrimp skewers OFF THE CHAIN, saki was tasty too! They are a keeper!
5	The All you can eat sushi is $24.99 for dinner and has so much to offer. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good sushi spot in Chinatown. The service is OUTSTANDING here! The waiter and sushi chef were extremely fast and polite. Wonderful menu with lots of yummy choices even one or two items for those of you who are vegetarian. The food comes fast and tastes great! The restaurant is hidden in a strip mall off of Spring Mountain so keep you're eyes open. 5 stars for sure.
3	All you can eat sushi for $26, not bad! There's like over 180 varieties to choose from-not just sushi but you can have noodle dishes & appetizers too. The wait was long but it was during the peak dinner time; 7pm 30min wait. Compared to the usual sushi AYCE places, the quality of the sushi wasn't as great. But it was still good! My friends and I shared orders and you could do half orders so that was nice- we were able to try different rolls.The service was good, the waiters kept coming around to take more orders and the food came out quick!Parking might be hard to find if you're there during the busy hours since it's in the same complex as other great restaurants.
5	Loved this place! I've been looking for a new sushi place for quite some time and I'm so happy I found this Sushi Kaya! I went here on a date and we both loved it!! The wait to get a table was about 40 mins or so but it was really crowded so waiting that long for a table is totally understandable. We ended up getting seated at the bar and got AYCE for about $26 each. It was phenomenal!! All of the sushi was really fresh, the workers were all nice and attentive, and the atmosphere just had a great vibe to it. I did try this one roll that I didn't particularly like. I forget what it was called but it had a kiwi sauce on it, which is pretty much the only reason why I didn't like it. Other than that, I have nothing bad to say about this place!
2	This is just ok. The freshness and quality of fish is not the greatest. The yellowtail looked dry and questionable. I am more of a nigiri fan than anything so this review is based on that. I came here with some Kaya regulars that had not been here for a bit. According to them some of the items that were on AYCE menu are no longer and or have shrunk in size. The service is in dire need of improvement! So slow! Inexcusably slow and waiters or waitresses don't pay attention or do it on purpose! I see why there is a 90 minute usually there is 60 min limit they run you out of patience by forgetting about another order. One of my fave things to order is Ikura... The  lack of salmon roe is very noticeable. They cover enough for you not to see its all rice. One thing I did enjoy a lot was baked muscle but that was the only highlight.
1	Went for lunch during Chinese New Year Festival.  Service was terrible and the server over booked our order 3 times.  We had a party of 5 and they charged for gratuity and they would not take it down.  Food portion was horrible.  $15 for small bowl of unagi don.  Food taste was decent but not big enough portion to really enjoy it.I been here many times and I have to say the experience is just getting worst.
3	My visit was very disappointing. The wait wasn't long for a table. All of us got AYCE so we planned on sharing everything we ordered. Everything I ordered the first round our server wrote down on paper. The edamame took over 20 minutes to come out. That was already disappointing. All the rolls came out a little after that. The 2 orders of Dynamite, grilled shrimp skewers & cucumber salad which is usually pre made was never sent out. I had to ask about the dynamite 3 times. I ordered a second round of sushi. Maybe 5 rolls. One of them was a baked roll & the server said it would take longer cause it's baked. Funny cause that's the roll that came out first! All the rolls came out & I still didn't get my Dynamite. When it did come out I started laughing cause the serving was the size of my palm! It wasn't even worth waiting for. The restaurant is nice inside. Small thought, but nice. The service was just terrible. My boyfriend has been here before & said the service was way better last two times I came here. Maybe it was just out server. She was the only one not in uniform. Just wearing a white shirt. The buffet is priced at $24.95 per person not including drinks.There is nothing special at all about their sushi rolls. If you look at the specialty menu they all say "in:California roll" or "in:shrimp tempura" with just different stuff on the outside. I will not be coming back here!
4	Pleasently surprised by this place.   One always has to question the quality of the fish at an all you can eat sushi joint.    I tried the albacore, tuna, and yellowtail nigiri sushi, and they were great.  Some of the rolls had alot of sauces (eel, ponzu, mayo, etc) on them which wasnt my favorite.   Service is great, there is always someone at your table asking to take an order or fill your drink.  I would return.
2	We often enjoy great sushi at kaya but today their lady manager is as cold as their raw fish.
4	I love this place. Kaya is my go-to sushi place. Only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that service can get really slow from ordering to delivery simply because there are so many people serving each table that things get lost in translation.other than that I really do love it. Great food, great price for AYCE sushi.
4	Great food and the beat part is that you can order half rolls that way you can try more things! All you can eat is a great deal but watch out if you do t eat everything  they will make you pay full price . Haha
3	Kaya has a massive menu to choose from  but if you are a nigiri lover, this is not the best place.I ordered yellow tail, salmon, scallop(marinated with yum yum sauce only), and tuna. Salmon was the only one that was not dried. I wish I took some pictures but the yellow tail and tuna both  were like rubber. Not surprisingly, they tasted pretty bad. Go to Sushi Koma or Goyemon, there you will have really fresh nigiri.There is a huge selection of appetizers which includes skewers. They were not really Japanese style but tasted pretty ok.I don't usually eat rolls so I can't really comment too much on it, but there is a huge selection of rolls for you to choose from.The service was pretty good. The gentleman asked us frequently if we needed refills or additional orders. However, it's the only sushi place I've been to that would bring your bills without being requested. Not a big deal to me but some people may care, especially when the place is almost empty. Overall, an average AYCE sushi place with so-so nigiri but a huge selection of appetizers and rolls. I may give it another try and hopefully there will be fresher fish then.
5	Honestly this is one of my favorite AYCE sushi restaurants. Extremely fast service and food is prepared quickly. Water/drinks are always filled. Fish always tastes fresh and good to me. I've been to places where the fish is very scaly and still has some skin/fat on it, but that's never happened to me here. Get real people, when you're paying $20 for all you can eat sushi, you're not going to get  top quality grade A fish. their fish is still very good, but this isn't a California coast restaurant. this is Las Vegas and generally, fish and seafood is not as good as other places.
4	This AYCE Sushi restaurant is one of my my favorites. My sister and brother's go to spot if we are hungry and want to meet up since it is very central for all 3 of us. The service is quick and attentive. SOME of my favorites are white tuna, yellowtail,tuna nigiri, Jose roll, Shrek roll, and baked mussels. It's a great place to chill and talk especially if we need to catch up. I recommend this place to everyone because the service and food is always consistent.
1	I will never come here again. The first time I came here and the service was horrible so I decided to try it again....everyone has their bad days. I am here for lunch currently. I ordered 2 orders of hamachi 30 min ago and I still haven't received it. When we talked to the waiter 15 min ago he was checking on it....still no sushi. It is good food but not worth the terribly long waits between your orders. There are sushi places just as good in Las Vegas that have better service.
4	Sex bomb is da bomb- consistent rolls- average prices- great service- (almost) unlimited appetizers AND desserts- not the freshest fish but it's an AYCE joint- tons of toppings, pro for some con for othersIf you know what you like then try it at least once. In my top 5 sushi joints but not my first. My go-to place when I'm in Chinatown and have a sushi craving
3	It was just okay. As a nigiri lover I was kinda dissapointed, because their nigiri has too much rice and little fish.. Except this everything was not bad. It's impressive that they have noodles and skewers in their AYCE menu. I liked their japanese pizza, mango salmon roll and viagra.
5	yes, yes, and yes. that is what i keep thinking whenever the waiter comes over to ask if he want another order of mussels... omg this place is amazing. I will post about which rolls I like the best later on, but i had to get a 5 star review on the profile.
4	I took my family here for dinner and my boys loved it. The sushi are fresh and good, especially the beef.  The downside is you certain items you can only order one time.  You have a limit of 90 mins, sound short but actually you have plenty of time to eat and enjoy the food.  The service is fast and the location is near by the strip.
5	Love this place! My family & I have been coming here for the last 5 years. We've tried other AYCE sushi places in town but none of them even come close. AYCE menu has so much to choose from. Quality of seafood is always fresh. Never had a bad experience.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! all you can eat sushi plus everything else on the menu??! Only $20 for lunch and $25 for dinner?! This is a 1 a week if not 2x a month type of place for me!! Not only is the staff amazing and greets you as you're walking in and leaving but you have a button on your table to notify server if you need assistance! Plus they all seem GENUINE when serving you which is VERY RARE in this town! I almost never rate anything 5stars if you check my reviews and this place gets my vote for Best Sushi in Las Vegas!!!
3	Excellent service, timely manner, well organized. My experience at Kaya was led by a friendly greeting from the hostess. It was partly crowded and had to wait 5 minutes for a table which is normal. Waiter was friendly and courteous to my dehydration needs. The sushi was good, I highly recommend the "sex bomb" roll if you likes baked sushi. It was delectable. I ordered a seaweed salad and miso soup to start with. I was not a fan of the "one night stand roll" you pretty much pay for the name not the quality of the roll. I next ordered the "tornado roll" which was alright. It was standard which had the cheese, crab, cucumber and avocado.(as did most of the rolls had) it is an AVERAGE sushi spot. Is it the best in Vegas... Probably not. I would come again for a quick sushi place. I would rather go to sushi goyemon or ra sushi.
4	Service here is quiet friendly, food quality wasn't bad, just like most AYCE places here in town, I do like their skewer and noodle selections on the menu, good for no raw fish eaters. :-)
4	I've been here multiple times since this is my boyfriend's favorite sushi spot! I only love coming here for lunch since their All You Can Eat special is a good deal. My boyfriend's all time favorite is the Nemo Roll and I enjoy this spot because they have a lot of spicy sushis, which is my favorite. Other sushis here are very flavorful, but I wouldn't say their sushi is fresh. Most of their appetizers are really good. Their beef skewers and grilled shrimp skewer is good too but I hate how you're limited to one. However, their edamame never taste fresh at all; it's always boiled too soggy. The customer service is ok. Most of the servers there always seem miserable, and I've never had an enthusiastic server once! And almost every time, a server has forgotten at least one item that I order. In fact, I had to ask TWO servers where my sashimi poke was and it turned out that the chefs never got my order of that. And whenever my boyfriend asks for "light on rice" for his sushi, it isn't quite light on rice. Other than that, I've always gotten full eating here and I enjoy most of their foods. I usually forget about their customer service and other qualities they should fix because of their great lunch special!
3	Ruben and I came for dinner with two of our friends based on their recommendation. I have to admit that I was weary, as I usually am with sushi restaurants. I also already have my sushi spots and until something goes wrong, I have no plans on straying. The nigiri and hand rolls were good and I liked the Tiger Roll (Shrimp tempura, cucumber with spicy tuna, avocado, and eel sauce) and Dancing Eel Roll (Shrimp tempura, cucumber with spicy tuna, unagi, and eel sauce). I also enjoyed the Ahi Poke (white onions and seaweed salad) and shrimp and vegetable tempuras. Otherwise, nothing special or memorable. I'm a little surprised how much everyone likes this place. It wasn't terrible, but I was not impressed in any way. I think the lines between AYCE sushi restaurants start to blur a little because offerings are the same or very similar, so after trying a few restaurants, something needs to stand out. Perhaps if I had tried Kaya first, I may have liked them better.
1	So I'm currently here... 3:45, 4 they cut off lunch prices... There's 14 chairs, only 4 are sitting yet we can't sit for lunch... There's 7 chefs... Never had a problem here until this hostess was here... I've never seen this hostess... If I see her again, I will not come back...thank u for pushing us for dinner prices before we could sit for lunch... Thank you also for sitting us next an annoying loud young couple... Also I had to remind the waitress of our orders... Will most definitely not be back... You're better off at sushimon...
5	I'm so glad we found this place. It's way better than Yama. The hours are better too they close at 3 am which is perfect for us. Fish is fresh and their garlic tuna is delicious! I highly recommend this place. STAY AWAY FROM NASTY ASS YAMA AND THEIR HORRIBLE SERVICE.
5	DENG! I did not realize I have not yet written a review of this place! It is definitely one of my favorite sushi spots because: 1) It is open late (until 3am), 2) the baked green mussels, and 3) I LOVE AYCE SUSHI! (AYCE Dinner is $24.99!... HELLA GOOD!)As of lately, whenever I get that sushi craving, I always end up here. I don't know if it's in my comfort zone, or if the UNIVERSE gave me some form of GRAVITATIONAL PULL to Sushi Kaya, but I'm all in!Since I first started coming, there has been an increase in customers. There is always a waiting list for seating, and they even opened up a smaller room for customers! To avoid the line, I suggest sitting at the bar. We got in there in 5 minutes! =)Some of my favorite things that they offer are: (I mean I love the entire menu, but I do have my favorites. Don't we all?)-Green Baked Mussels: My all time favorite! They, hands down, have the all-time best baked mussels in my book!-Japanese Lasagna roll: Okay. Guilty. I just love baked sushi rolls! & Japanese Lasagna never fails me anywhere!-Japanese Pizza: This is also baked, hehe! This isn't a roll, more like a Japanese pizza on a tortilla. Delicious!-Salmon Skin Salad: You must try this! The salmon skin is fried and crunchy, in salad, and drizzled in this zesty dressing.-Sexy Roll: Loved this! It had a little crunch to it, plus I love rolls drizzled in sauces. Lol.-Super White Tuna Nigiri: Gotta have it at all times!Okay, I can seriously go on and on and talk about every single thing on the menu, but these are some of MY FAVES!As for the service, It was good. Our server was Super Nice! I'm sad I didn't get her name though, because I believe she has been my server twice already.If you haven't already, have a go at some GOOD SUSHI, try something new, and ENJOY!
4	We tried the Sweety Roll (excellent!), Big Mac Roll (the fish tasted very good), Shrimp Tempura (very good), Zizzy Roll (has spicy tuna, but was really good), Crunch Roll (not fond of the asparagus, but otherwise a decent roll). We also had the Bacon and Scallop Skewers (they were small, but delicious!).The place was cheaper than other all-you-can-eat sushi joints at $22.95 per person (pp), other places are $25 pp or more for dinner. My girlfriend tried the Green Tea Ice Cream and it tastes just like green tea (I knew not to get it because it didn't sound right, and apparently didn't taste right either because she didn't finish it). Beer was $2 a bottle. In review, it was a great place to eat at a very competitive price for all-you-can-eat. They also offer a stamp card for future visits. After 9 visits, the 10th is on them. Overall the service was great and the food was enjoyable, definitely recommended for anyone who likes all you can eat.
5	This is the place to eat if you love good sushi. AYCE menu is fabulous. Been here 10+ times. Quick service, creative yummy rolls. Always had great experiences and I'm a sushi fanatic. There's also a bubble tea place a couple doors down, so go there for dessert. I've come with groups of 10-15 a few times and they are very accommodating. My favorite rolls are the Who is my Dad roll and the Sex on the Beach roll. Sometimes you have to wait 20-30 minutes to get seated, but it's well worth the wait.Absolutely delicious.
4	This is a good place to go for AYCE sushi. This was actually the first place I ever went for an AYCE sushi. Despite of my nationality-- I am not big on white rice. I know I know, "but you're Filipino?" Lol I just converted to brown rice about a year and a half ago & I rarely ever touch white rice. With that being said, sushi isn't one of the foods I normally eat.  Most recent visit, I came here on a Sunday for lunch. Wasn't packed like it usually is during dinner time. Lunch is about 20$ where as dinner is about 25$. Service was quick  and up to par. Waitress came back every few minutes to check on us. We ordered half rolls instead of full rolls. I learned my lesson last time I ate AYCE. My taste palette hates eating the same roll over & over so half rolls are the best way to go. We ordered few different rolls. Ones that stuck out to me & had to order another roll was-- Cinderella roll & lasagna roll! Must try those! I love any rolls that have cream cheese in it & is baked. Melts in your mouth. After this sushi craving. I'm probably good for about 2 years. Ate way too much sushi lol I could barely breath!
3	I've been here more than a couple of times. Location is really small and really busy they should take under consideration that 40 mins wait will possibly cause for customers to leave. Very successful restaurant I just wished they expand. As for the service I'll give them a 6 due to the fact that it is a ACYE restaurant and customers should always be attended every 10 mins or so. The carbonated drinks are always flats that's a big issue for me. They tend to leave the co2 drinks in a pitcher which eventually goes flat and they still unfortunately serve it. The servers are usually very nice. I've only had one bad experience with one server she was very rude and seemed bothered every time I'd ring the button there wouldn't be a reason for me to push the button if she'd constantly check on my table.The food is absolutely amazing I lovee their crunch, xxl, california, Lisa Lisa rolls and many more. The shrimp tempora is always fresh and crispy. Bacon and asparagus & shrimps are very tasteful as well. Miso soup also delightful perfect temperature every time! The food is delicious never had a problem with the cooks.I just really hope they open new locations and hire more staff so customers are well taken are off. I do recommend their food but if you have no patience I wouldn't suggest it.
2	What do you expect from $25 all you can eat sushi. Below average service. Hard to get a hold of the overworked servers. Sushi rolls are loaded with rice and imitation crab. Go for the nigiri which has a lot less rice and stuff you don't want. And both me and my dad have diarrhea the night and morning after.  Not sure if it is cause and effect. Oh and what's up with all the college age kids eating here?
4	This place is delicious!! I love the salmon and yellowtail nigiri, the bonzai roll, the house salad, the handrolls, and the skewers. My boyfriend loves their uni and tako wasabi. The only con is that they drench their rolls in too much sauce (eel sauce and orange mayo), so I always make sure to ask for my rolls without the sauce or very light sauce. I am part Japanese, and I have been to Japan, and trust me, real sushi chefs do not use any sauce! But hey I get it, this is America and they have to cater to their audience lol.  Overall, great service. Will come back.
5	Great place for ayce sushi! Great price and good service. Kinda small but the food makes up for the space.
4	Came here for lunch while the woman had pho down the street.  Ends up the pho at Pho Kim Long was not to her liking.  Anyways, ordered the AYCE deal at the lunch price (cheaper than dinner).  Sushi and rolls were pretty good considering AYCE and less than $20 and it includes ice cream.  Place was busy so I felt like the wait to get my orders was a bit long. Overall, I was very pleased.  I was so hungry and craved sushi.  Why do I oftentimes eat only one meal a day when I'm in Vegas?  If I had gone to a regular sushi joint and ordered the same amount of food, my bill would be about a $100 (5 times what I paid here).  Would I come back?  Most likely but I definitely want to try the other AYCE joints here in Vegas first.
3	First off- the parking can be a pain since the entire complex stays busy before 12 midnight.  Beware. My first time I was lucky enough to go with a group of friends and they already had a table.  No wait but I've seen people wait over 30 mins on avg.  The food- is good.  The service?  Needs work.  Few times servers and runners walked by me on the end of our big table and my water cup was empty.  I finally had to call someone over to fill it up.  My friends first were told that they were out of mango only to have another order come to our table 20 mins later...yep you guessed it- with mango!  The place has a nice atmosphere to it.  So 3 stars for now.  :)
3	Experience here was just an "okay" experience.. Price is reasonable enough for an all you can eat sushiNot enough parking (specially during busy days/hours) Just a piece of advice, DON'T GO there on weekends or any busy days cause the service during their busy times are SO SLOW! For one skewer alone that we ordered, took us 35mins of waiting, SERIOUSLY! But staff are very friendly & accomodating still, no complains on that...I'll be back maybe, I'll just choose a different day when they're not that busy...
5	My family and I always come here.  I guess you could say that the waiter and waitress know us here...esp. there's always 4 or 8 of us.  We truly love the food.  Sushi galore!! The price is very reasonable $19.95 for lunch and it's all you can eat!!!! Dinner is $25 Let me say that the kids can totally eat so much here.  We even make a list of what we order.  They also have a stamp card...so pretty much we always fill it up and we use it for another time.  This is our favorite place to go for Sushi!!!!   Go try it...I'm sure you'll love it like we do!!!
5	Been here couple of times and we never got disappointed. Love there dynamite and sex bomb roll. And don't forget to order there skewers
3	Sushi Kaya - All you can eat sushi - Average bill ~$25. After eating at so many sushi buffet restaurants I don't know how to taste the difference anymore. Compare to sushi yama, this place have less rice on their sushi yet also less food items on the menu. Overall experience, it would be ~3.5 stars because service is pretty much the same everywhere, nothing special about them
3	Came with a friend and his girlfriend on their recommendation about 2 weeks ago for AYCE cuz they said it was the best in town. We all ordered the all you can eat and began indulging in skewers, rolls, nigiri and just about everything. The food was just okay to me and on numerous occasions our server forgot a few of our items. For the same price for AYCE I would rather go to Sumo Sushi 2, and it's much closer to my house. The friends I went with who were raving about this place before we got there had even said the food wasn't as good this time around. Atmosphere is cool, young and trendy with some good music playing. Not cool enough to get me to go back for AYCE though... Would only go back if I was invited by friends again. Nobody in Vegas can dethrone Sumo Sushi 2 for "Best AYCE in Vegas" in my honest opinion!
5	Great all you can eat sushi with included appetizers, skewers, mochi, and ice cream. Chicken teriyaki came with miso soup, 3 shrimp tempura, white rice, and a small salad. Overall great atmosphere, great food, and fantastic value! Stays open til 3 am for the night owls. Definitely plan to return again!
3	What's up with Korean people opening sushi restaurants? Kaya..open til' 3am 7 days a week. Perfect for those late night sushi cravings. In my case, after work. I like how they make nigiri sushi here. bite size, fresh and perfect ratio of rice & fish. I also enjoy the skewers they offer as well as the different appetizers that comes with Ayce. The chefs are fast on putting food out but the servers are slow and very awkward. Yes, my water is empty. Yes, I'm done with my food. Can I please order more? I did order AYCE...didn't i? Service is hit or miss but just do what I do and shut your mouth and enjoy your after midnight sushi.
2	Holy cow has this place gone down hill.  Dingy cracked chipped plates, dirty cups dried with a dirty towel, food debris on the edges of the floor,  dirt caked on the edges of tables, tape holding the seat pads together,  ripped seat pads.  . . It has been abandoned into disrepair I don't even want to know what the kitchen looks like .The food was decent but I was eating with a little apprehension wondering if I was going to get sick.  ( I did not)  $20 bucks plus tax all you can eat at lunch is not bad.Service a little slow but polite.  Management needs to clean this place up!  Eat at your own risk, I do not recommend it until the place shows some respect for the culinary arts.
5	Being in Colorado, there isnt really any sushi place i like here. Coming from Hawaii, the standards were pretty high. An okd friend told me about this place so we went and i had a blast!!! The food was soooo good. Sexy roll and viagra roll is my fave!! LOL
4	AYCE everything was  great here. Food is alway perfect.Ordered the salmon, yellowtail,  and spider roll.  Delicious!Kids had the fried rice,  garlic, and meat skewers. Wife ordered the Ebi sweet potato skewer spicy tuna etc...All the food are great here. Love the ice cream at the end as well.
5	I am going to say that this place is a must try if you haven't been here. This is AYCE the right way. You don't have to eat yourself to feeling absolutely horrible. We order most things half size. Just enough food and varieties. I recommend all the skewers and red bean mochi at the end.
4	Went here for lunch the other day. The food and service was great. Not a bad place for AYCE close to downtown where I work. My only issue with the place was that the place is pretty worn down. From the bench seats that are cracked and covered up with masking tape to the chipped table settings. I wouldn't bring anyone here that I was trying to impress. If I am looking for decent sushi close to work this would be my go to place. :-)
5	Was craving sushi on Saturday night , It was my first time and it was very good . Our waiter was very helpful and nice and attentive . It was a busy night so we waited about 15min before being seated but it was completely ok. The sushi was great , and the kimchi fried rice with a fried egg on top was amazing! !! I had strawberry soju, it was too sweet for my liking but it was still really good I think next time I'll stick to the yogurt soju . The prices are really good ,  we had 3 rolls , the rice , the bacon wrapped asparagus the vegetable tempura I had that huge soju, 60 dllrs so prices are good (; enjoyable will be back again'
5	All you can eat sushi for $24.95. It includes pretty much everything on the menu. My husband and I loved this place. The Sex Bomb Roll and the Mussels was fantastic. They were fast and very friendly. They're also open until 3:00 am!
4	But the all u can eat comeon now~?.  It is the best deal by far and the sushi is so very fresh and tasty.    In the heart of china town, and in a strip mall at Spring Mountain and Arville.  The sushi is fresh, well prepared, spiced enough , but not too much and the drinks are cold.  Solid stuff here, with value.  Get some!
5	Awesome place glad I found a spot out in vegas! just like the one in my hometown. hungover sushi fix! lol
5	Not only is the food great but the service is always pleasant.  I frequently come here with colleagues, family and boyfriend.  Each time we are always treated the same.  It is refreshing when good service is such a dying art.  Here are some of our favorites:Shrimp skewersBeef SkewersBacon Scallop SkewersSalmon NigiriTuna Cut RollPokeTempuraGreen Tea Ice CreamMochi Ice Cream (all flavors are amazing)Agadashi TofuIf you come on a Friday or Saturday night, it is very busy so be prepared to wait a bit but the wait is worth it!
5	Best service. Great sushi. Quick and friendly. Punch card is a plus. AYCE for 26$ during dinner rush. Open late 3 am sometimes.
1	I was not pleased with the sushi here.  I ordered 4 different rolls.  The shrimp tempora because that is always a safe choice.  While eating it the seaweed was chewy a few bites and that quickly turned me off. Then I ordered the lasagna roll because I thought that was a clever idea, it was so bad I had to stop after trying it and then scrapping off the cheese on top that looked like clumps of butter and trying again.  Then they brought me out 2 other rolls that I forget the names and they were ok nothing special.  The last two days after eating my stomach has been upset.  I will not go back. Staff was nice and that's about all that was enjoyable.
2	Went here the other day to add it too my list and had an epiphany.  I had been here before.During my meal I remembered that this place was not memorable at all.  Of course I went for the AYCE, thats my M.O.  I ordered almost all of the raw Nigiri sushi items and a few things from the kitchen, no rolls.The Nigiri was nothing to brag about, the servings were ok, but I found myself needing to add condiments for flavor.  The shrimp on the regular menu was dry and flavorless.  I also ordered the sweet shrimp, you can only do this once and with the dinner meal, they did not taste that fresh and were a bit sticky.That's my other pet peeve about this place, there are only two dinner only items, sweet shrimp and sea urchin, and you can only order one.  If you don't like these two items and order them, then the dinner menu price  is not worth it,There is one saving item on this menu, and this is the spicy seafood udon.  That was the most delicious item that I have had at this place and may come back again for it, but not for the AYCE.
4	Love the AYCE!!! Full orders or half orders! The skewers are definitely a must. Towards the evening it gets busy but other than that it's one of my fav sushi spots! Oh yea park in the next plaza cause parking is a hassle
4	If I were to suggest a sushi place this would be first to pop in my head! Their lunch special is pretty much the cheapest I've ever seen. From 11-4 it's $19.99. Dinner is normal for a sushi place $24.95. Children are half priced! I recommend going for lunch. They even have a punch card system which shows how much I go there because I've already used 3 free AYCE!!! The customer service is good. They're always nice and talkative, even cracking jokes here and there. They also refill the water quite frequently, you don't have to ask! The quality of the food is really good. My favorite roll is the crunch roll. Their baked and deep fried rolls are really good too. They do half and full size servings. Their bacon wrapped asparagus is sooooo delicious. I suggest going for lunch and just trying everything!!! It's yummmmmmmmy. Oh and their vanilla ice cream is soooooooo good.
5	Went for the first time about a week or two ago,and I don't know why I waited so long to try it! The food here is amazing! The place is very nicely kept! The hostess are we're very friendly. Our waiter was wonderful and very attentive. I will definitely be going back a lot!!!!! I most definitely recommend this place!!
5	Went there yesterday for the first time, and was amazed!  In the beginning, after we ordered appetizers, they were slow coming back, but after that, it was great! Service was great. Staff was friendly and attentive, the sushi was excellent, and the AYCE price was Great!!
1	Nope.Not only Sushi Kaya offers sub-par food items, they are also expensive. And as if it's not enough to beat up, the portion is small.Since there are excellent Japanese restaurants like Yagyu and Ichiza in the same building, there's no reason to choose this place.Nope.
3	Soo, this sushi place has been my go to for the last 7 years and have been here maybe 40 times. But after last night's visit I probably won't be coming as much anymore and mainly sticking to Goyemon. First, their parking has always been a pain but I would still come because it was worth it. Also service is a hit or miss, sometimes the server you get is awesome, and sometimes extremely slow.The last few times I've come their cuts and grade of sushi have been getting worse especially this last time. Super chunky weird cuts especially the super white tuna. Gross. The sauce they still put on it is still the same and still really good though. Now the special rolls. My absolute favorites have been the Cinderella, French Kiss, Mango Style, and Dancing Eel so when I ordered them again last night, all of them except the French Kiss was wrong. All of them were skimpy looking to start, looked like they shrunk half in size from last year. Dancing Eel had one baby piece of eel on ONE piece, the rest were covered with spicy tuna! No Eel on dancing eel roll really? Mango style had no avocado on top like it says on the menu and the inside was also wrong, all I saw was imitation crab. That's all. Cinderella had no kiwi sauce or the other sauce that it's supposed to have and mainly imitation crab as well. The baked green mussels have saved them a few more chances and are still my ultimate favorite from any sushi place. Warm and gooey and flavorful, thank you for not changing. But seriously, what happened to you Kaya??  You were sooo good up until 1 year ago when I first started reaaally noticing a change. Thank goodness my stamp card was filled out so I got one person free last night because it was definitely not worth it. I will give you 3 more chances since we've had a long marriage. But just warning you, we might have to get a divorce :(
4	This is one of my favorite sushi places for all you can eat. All of their baked rolls are scrumptious and I wish I had a larger stomach capacity just to eat all of their specialty rolls. The buttons on the table help get servers attentions, but sometimes service is a bit slow. For the most part it's a wonderful place whose stamp cards I actually fill up regularly.
5	My favorite sushi place in town! Love the Brooklyn Bridge roll & the monkey brains! Great all you can eat sushi place!
5	Sushi kaya is hands down my favorite "All you can eat Sushi" restaurant in Las Vegas. I've been coming here for quite awhile now and refer all my friends and family. Must order when I'm here:-Alaskan Roll (no eel sauce)-Cajun Albacore extra extra serried -Cinderella Roll (no eel sauce)-Edamame Steam-Baked Mussel-Beef, Shrimp & Scallop sticks -Udon Soup-Mango Mochi     OMG make sure you ask for ponzu sauce. Sooooo yummy!
4	Always busy but great sushi. All you can eat for $25. Service is not really fast but always friendly.
5	Great food. Great service. The owners are very welcoming people. They make you feel like you are at home when you eat there. Sushi is always fresh. Try it! You wont be disappointed.
5	My girlfriends and I came here last night and it was amazing. Everything I tried was great!  Drank soju (watermelon and strawberry). We did the all you can eat and we left buzzed and full!  I can't wait to return!  My favorites were the French kiss and baked mussels...although it's hard to choose bc everything was really good. We ate Mochi and cheesecake for dessert. Strawberry Mochi, mango, and red bean!  Soooo good. Service was great. We had to wait 30 minutes, but I went by fast bc we had a drink at a bar close by. They called us to let us know when our table was ready. I really enjoyed myself and will def be back.
1	Today we came in sat down we're ordering and a roach walked across our table in broad daylight.  Fucking disgusted. It's ridiculous that all our waiter had to say was sorry guys.
3	First time here the other day and I probably will return. Service was pretty good and the food was good. My only complaint is that if you are NOT eating all you can eat, their prices for rolls/sushi separately is really high compared to other spots. Overall not bad.
2	Sushi Kaya is probably one of my most favorite sushi bar/restaurant in Vegas. Tonight when I visited the food was delicious and everything was great until I saw a roach crawling up the wall by my table. I saw a previous review about seeing a roach but I was thinking that it was just maybe a little roach that came in on accident, until it happened to me as well.
1	I am absolutely disgusted. I found a bug in one of my rolls today and all they had to say was sorry. I showed them the roll and they took it back and told me they notified the manager. A manager NEVER came to speak with me at all. I didn't yell at the staff and because I didn't yell they were "courteous" enough to give me a 15% discount on my bill.... I believe finding a bug in your food should automatically be a free meal.. not to mention I have been sick all day. You could not pay me to go back to this place. Absolutely disgusted. Complete waste of money. Thanks Sushi Kaya...
4	The service here is a bit average, but for the all you can eat sushi, I am willing to accept it.  Their sushi is fantastic, and it is one of the only sushi establishments that consistently gets an A on their health inspections.  I definitely recommend if you want great sushi and you're on a budget.
5	I am loyal to my sushi spot... I recently ended up here because they are open until 3am on a Friday night. So had to check it out. Price wise it is standard to AUCE places. One thing this place has is service. Not your typical get in, pay and we are kicking you out ASAP type sushi place. There was a small wait but worth it. 5 stars on service alone. The quality of the food itself was top notch even at 1am !! Def give this place a shot next time you are craving late night sushi.
4	I went for lunch and had my big meal for the day, the all-you-can-eat for $20.  I had shrimp tempura for an appetizer and they were very nicely done.  The miso soup was nice.  I had a spider roll, a Lisa Lisa roll-shrimp tempura with cream cheese and avocado, a Kaya roll-spicy tuna, smelt roe and asparagus.  All of those rolls were good.  The tuna (maguro) sashimi looked pale and washed out, like it had been thawed out recently and it lacked flavor.  The masago (smelt roe) looked strangely like that, too, but was OK.  The service was excellent.  Overall, I enjoyed it and would return.
4	One of Las Vegas's best sushi bar restaurant in mine and many of my peers/families opinion. This place had me at KPOP, their decor and AYCE pricing! Very fun atmosphere, I love their servers (always friendly and funny), waiting time is fair, sushi is bomb.com  However, I still prefer Oyshi over Kaya.Cons:-Parking sucks around Kaya area (in advance, I suggest you carpool to save time and gas).-Waiting to get a table or a seat at the bar varies because this spot really is small.
4	For the quality, food and service... I cant complain at all.. Will definitely be back whenever i am in the area.
1	I must say the worst sushi experience yet  not only was the hostess rude the toilet seats in the restroom were both broken the children prices are apparently applied if the staff working  that day feel your children look like children my 10 yr old is very tall for his age so the staff charged me adult prices for him and when I addressed the issue they didn't disclose the children age till after I told them how old my son was after the fact didn't make an attempt to fix the charges then we were charged 18% percent gratuity for our party to find out later that night that it is no longer legal for merchants to charge 18% anymore if you do visit this place watch out for the gratuity ! I will not recommend any of my friends to ever visit this place
5	Wow!! Im so full with this delicious food...I really cant think of the words to put down that would do them justice!! Service was excellent and fast. Must try...you will not go any where else!!
3	The quality of the sushi here isn't that great. The fish isn't cold! The beef tongue skewer appetizer was delicious though~The lunch price for AYCE is only $19.95, which is pretty reasonable. We had a great server too.For the price, the experience wasn't bad.
3	friendly staff! good sushi! my personal favorite roll is the Pancho Roll (if you like spicy) down fall the wait time!
4	Love the Sushi always fresh!! When our clie ts are asking for a good place to eat sushi, I always recomend this place!
1	Expensive for what you get. I work at Kumi so maybe im just used to the best quality.My girlfriend got a basic spicy tuna roll and it sucked. The miniscule beef skewer was mostly fat. The only decent item was "who your daddy roll" Wont go back.
4	Love this sushi joint.  Their specialty rolls are delisious specially the "sex bomb" and "sex on the beach".  Their choice of nigiris are also delicious.  Find myself coming here from time to time, sometimes it's a long wait but always worth it.
4	I don't eat fish, but as you probably know everyone else you know does and when you're in Vegas it's pretty good odds you're going to end up at a sushi place. So while everyone else will concentrate on the seafood related menu options this review is for those of us that don't eat seafood. For many years my group of friends would go to another place in a strip mall that seats about 3  1/2 people which naturally makes large groups hard to seat, and in case you have a short attention span I don't eat fish so the choices were limited to appetizers so I had about twenty plates varying between teriyaki chicken and beef, Miso, and cucumber salad.   This year however we went to Sushi Kaya and they had a ton of choices and they were all great I especially liked the beef bowl. I especially liked that the service was fast, we ordered our first round and the waiter looked at us and said "the food comes fast you really need to order more." And he wasn't kidding. For desert I really liked the mini cheese cake, which of course you're saying who doesn't like cheese cake, right? Well I loathe cheese cake so consider it high praise from me. Now if you eat fish from what everyone said that was all good too, but really just read another review if you want more detail.
5	Accidentally found Sushi Kaya , turned out to be an amazing gem.   Best sushi buffet ever
1	I feel awful that I am writing a one star review. When we arrived off the beaten path, I thought, great, I place few visit. I read the reviews and visited YAMA SUSHI, but wanted to try more than one ayce places in Vegas, so off we went to KAYA Sushi.We seat down and were warmly treated, they have an extensive menu, and we ordered. A couple minutes into being seated at the bar a caca rocuhe ran up from under the bar. My wife noticed it, I tried to play it off and said I didn't see anything, wanting to give them a chance, but momentarily later it resurfaced, and that was the end of our visit. We very quietly got up and let the manager know, who was very apologetic. When we exited the restaurant a family was looking under an suv, I thought they had hit the curb, nope it was a dead rat.
5	Mom nom nom snort snort yum! Came here for an epic off the strip buffet of sushi! Usually sushi buffets add god awful sauces to the rolls to make you lose your appetite quicker but this place makes ever roll small and delicious. I loved the skewers so much I want them over and over. They even have uni on the buffet menu like what?!?! Is this how heaven is? Next time I visit I will be back with an empty stomach ready to eat everything on the menu!
4	Best super white tuna nigiri, lettuce wraps, and kimchi fried rice, although I prefer the fried rice without spam since I don't eat pork. The wait can take a while on weekends but the plaza has some good hangouts to chill at nearby (a boba cafe and a bar) while waiting. Service is normally quick, but they often forget an order or two since they get really busy. So you might need to remind them every now and then. The desserts that are available to AYCE aren't that great: the mini cheesecakes have too much whipped cream and the mochi ice cream is too hard.
4	My friends and I were craving sushi, so my husband and I took their advice and went to one of their favorite spots. After maneuvering through the crowded parking lot and putting our names on the wait list, it became obvious that this all-you-can-eat spot is not just THEIR favorite but a fave among many. And for good reason... I love AYCE sushi restaurants because you can try a lot of new items. Sushi Kaya has a huge menu, from regular nigiri sushi to special rolls, tempura, and even Korean dishes like bulgogi and kimchi fried rice. We each basically stuck with sushi and rolls, although we shared some garlic edamame and seaweed salad. (The menu says "no sharing," but that didn't seem to be a problem -- and why should it be?)As usual, my husband and I ordered lots of eel and hamachi, with a variety of rolls. The black dragon roll (California roll with eel and avocado) was my favorite, but everything was good, and it was nice that you could order half rolls as well. I'd also never had mochi ice cream before, and on my friends' recommendation, I tried it for dessert. LOVED it! (My husband did not agree.) Reminded me of a small scoop of ice cream wrapped in Botan rice candy.Service was quick and efficient, although one of my friends' orders was never delivered. But as it's AYCE, I say just order it again! (And if you come with a large party, you know someone will eat it!) Unfortunately, you don't want to eat garlic edamame while everyone else is eating mochi...Sushi Kaya is right in the middle of Chinatown and, as I said, the (small) parking lot is a nightmare. But you can park right next door at Chinatown Plaza and walk over (which I suggest you do). And if the restaurant is too crowded, there are plenty of other choices nearby where you can dine. But I suggest that you wait and try Sushi Kaya. Good food, large menu, and -- although it's new to my palate -- MOCHI!
5	Haven't been back in a while but my first impression was in shock of how small the restaurant is but the service and food was DELICIOUS ! I'd recommend anybody to come here.
5	the shiznit!!kind friendly people. everyone smiles in there. inside the restaurant feels full of energy and fun.  clean and cozy interior.great food, freshest fish. so many customers prove that.  the fish they use must turn everyday.perfect place to bring friends and family.overall, six-star restaurant
5	So far this is the only Japanese restaurant that I've encountered where they cater to my special dietary needs. Everything was so fresh, tasty and plentiful! I never once felt deprived because of my diet. Anyone with a food allergy/intolerance can relate. Our waiter was the best. So, if you have certain dietary restrictions, let them know and they'll work with you.
2	Very poor customer service. After we were seated NO ONE came to take my drink order for a good 20 minutes. I had to finally flag down a waitress and she acted like she had no idea what was going on. Hi, I'm a guest at your restaurant and I would like for you to take my order. Still confused? Since I figured I would be forgotten about again after our drinks came, I immediately took this opportunity to put in my order for AYCE.The first round of sushi came up one item short. When I asked if it was coming I was told that it should be on it's way... After another ten minutes I ask again and this time she says she has to put in the order again for the missing item. Gr8. After I got the missing item and I finished everything in the first round, I'm ready for round two but unfortunately our waitress didn't feel the need to come back to our table for another 20 minutes after we finished. I tried staring her down to get her attention but she would not even look over to the direction if our table! Ever! Like wtf isn't the waitresses job to make sure her tables are doing okay? She never came over and asked once. Finally when I got her attention I ordered a second round and guess what? This time TWO items were missing. Where is my sushi? I waited and waited and it never came out so I again flagged down the waitress since she was ignoring the table and she said she would check on it. She came back to say the ticket was lost and she would have to put in the order again. GR88888!!!! How hard is it to put in a ticket and pick up the sushi from the bar and bring it to the table in a timely manner? Apparently very hard. This was my third and final time trying Kaya. Each experience has been worse than the last so I'm going to stop coming here. I tried to give you a second and third chance but you blew it! :(Only giving two stars because I ate all the sushi and although it wasn't the best, I still enjoyed the food :) NOT the service!
5	First time here on a suggestion from a friend! Service is fast and friendly. Sushi is excellent and the price is right!!
1	Sooooo disappointed that we came to this place to eat!!..Totally will not recommend this place to my family & friends at all. Not only we waited to be seated for about 30-45 mins but the service is bad too!..and the  food is not even that great either...sad, definitely not worth the wait!...This will be our last time to dine here. We had the "AYCE" aka all you can eat sushi....take note!..they really charged extra fee for a little left over pieces of sushi rice!...and my golly, talk about service?!--it is so bad!..all we did was wait & wait & wait again! (My kid's food was served after about 30 mins of waiting! So upsetting because she got really hungry and furious!). They did'nt even bother to take the  dirty dishes off our table... while still eating, no refill of our empty drinks whatsoever...and/or atleast ask if there was anything else we needed. Whew! Bad dining experience for us. We just wasted our money and time coming to this place. Totally two thumbs down my yelpers! We would rather go next time @ Oishi sushi on rainbow/warmspring, or Yama sushi on flamingo/maryland, or go to a buffet @ Makino on Flamingo/Decatur,  or @ Kabuki resto (best in town!) in town square... but never again to this place!
5	I actually saw couple bad reviews and that threw me off a bit But my friend pushed me to try it out and I loved it. Amazing costumer service,  service was fast and always received my food with a big smile from the waitress. We had all you can eat, we ordered half orders of couple rolls so we tried a variety. The Volcano and the lasagna rolls were sinfully amazing.I would definitely  come back , recommend it and become a regular. TRY THE PLUM WINE ICE CREAM
3	Decent place. Not a lot of vegan options. Standard sushi. Standard place.  Standard service. Nothing to impress me more than normal.
1	Sooooo disappointed that we came to this place to eat!!..Totally will not recommend this place to my family & friends at all. Not only we waited to be seated for about 30-45 mins but the service is bad too!. The food is nothing extra ordinary either. Whew! Bad dining experienced for us. We just wasted our money and time coming to this place. Totally two thumbs down my yelpers! We would rather go next time @ Oishi sushi on  W. 215 - rainbow/warmspring, or Yama sushi on flamingo/maryland, or go to a buffet @ Makino on Flamingo/Decatur,  or @ Kabuki resto (best in town!) in town square... but never again to this place!
1	I came here about 2 weeks ago for a co workers going away dinner. We came with a party of 11 people for all you can eat sushi at around 25$ per person (u do the math). With a party this large, we were invited to a secluded room right next to the entrance. Upon entering this room I was very star struck. I felt like I was walking into a beat down motel 6. 1) there was dust on everything except for the tables and chairs. You could see dust from the ceiling and on the walls that probably landed in our sushi rolls & wallpaper was falling off the wall. 2) there was a bloody Band-Aid on the floor. 3) there was burn holes on the ceiling due from an electrical outlet (I believe) and there was a water sprinkler burned up and rotted. 4) service was slow and the waiter did not know which rolls had been served because there was multiple "food runners" delivering our rolls. 5) the speakers did not work and were only for show. After all this discomfort I asked to speak with a manger. I asked the manager to close the door leading into our room. I asked him "would you feel comfortable eating in a place like this". The manager looks around the room and says " yes, what's wrong with it". After pointing out the 5 things I listed above he did not know what to say. He hesitated and after about 15 seconds of awkward silence he asks "so what do you want me to do?" I replied "your the boss you tell me". He exits the rooms and comes back 4 minutes later giving me 2 options. Option 1- we can take 15% off the tab. Option 2- we can take off the gratuity (18%) with 4 free socke shots. Option 1 is not even 5$ per person. Option 2 screws the server by taking off the tip (even though the manager claimed all tips were pulled) & gratuity is 'illegal'. After must disatisfaction i asked to speak with the owner, i was denied multiple times because she wasnt there. Which was a lie, the reason i couldnt speak with the owner was because she doesnt speak english. I am a worker in the hospitality industry for multiple years and this is absurd. I was not expecting a free meal but more than what was offered for what my friends and I experienced.   I want to eat at a place that takes pride in their bussiness and loves their customers. This clearly isnt the place that takes pride in anything other than filth. In Vegas a review and word of mouth go a long way. I will never return to this place & I will gladly take my business elsewhere. I took pictures of the room and will upload them with my review (hopefully yelp keeps them up)!
5	Our visit was intense. We had the best waitress(Janice). Being our second time to an AYCE sushi bar she was very patient and thouroghly explained the menu to us. She was even able to identify pics of sushi off of yelp that we thought looked good. We took our time and went through the menu as if it were a choose your own adventure novel, choosing rolls, nigiri, and appetizers at a whim! We instantly knew from the first bite this would be a place we will definately be retuning to. The freshness of the food was superb. Tasting as if only seconds ago they might have caught that red snapper or that yellow tail on a line n fought it until it landed straight onto a cutting board, and then directly to your plate.  Do yourself a favor and stop in. Dinner AYCE cost 24.95 as of aug of 2014
4	Great place to come to get the most sushi for your buck,  if you're a small eater them I'm not really sure if it's for you.  Service fir me is good and the selection is perfect,  anyways go home full and satisfied.
5	This absolutely one of my FAVORITE all you can eat Sushi places in town.  The appetizers are all amazing.  The dumplings are my personal favorite, but I also love the seaweed salad too.  For rolls I like to keep it simple with the Philly & Veggie, but you can't absolutely go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	My favorite sushi place ever!! Come here any chance I get. All you can eat is affordable and everything is delicious. Service is always fast and friendly. Highly recommend the sweet roll.
1	They give you overloaded rice to make your full. And if you dare to remove them on your plate, they would be happy to overcharge you.Fish quality were poor. Not a single sushi were fresh. If you want to.full your stomach with rolls with cream cheese and rice this is THE place.
4	After eating at multiple sushi AYCE across many Vegas neighborhoods, starting to get a feel of each one.  The last visit was at Sushi Kaya in the heart of Chinatown.On the plus side, lunch is a bargain at $19.99 and average for dinner at $24.99.  Service is very prompt, you will be visited often by the wait staff to take your order and the food comes back in about 5 minutes or less.  The sushi is decent, not exactly fresh, but pretty good for AYCE.  Their poke is a must order it's sashimi with ocean seaweed salad, (limited to one order per person).  Their BBQ skewers are typically not offered in AYCE sushi.On the minus side, they charge $2.00 for hot green tea, you should order soda instead.  It's crazy busy during prime time, expect a long wait of one hour of more.
4	We are giving them  a 4 stars because the employees are nice but service is slow.  we been waiting..what seemed like forever for our food.  this place overall is worth the money.  We'll most likely be coming here again. If they can fix the service and serve their food in a timely manner they'll get that 5 stars next time!
4	With there being plenty and I do mean PLENTY of sushi places to choose from here in Las Vegas, sushi Kaya happens to be one my favorite spots!! For those of you who've never experienced an all you can eat FRESH to order sushi then you have not lived!! They provide some of the best tasting options on an extensive menu that provides you a HUGE selection of dishes to choose from! In fact if you plan on coming on a regular they have a cool punch card they can provide you with so that everytime you eat, you are working toward a free meal the next time you dine with them! They are located on a pretty busy intersection of Spring Mountain and Arville and the parking can sometimes be a pain but other than that they have to make it on you sushi places to eat list for sure!!
1	Our last visit was terrible. I thought we had found our favorite sushi place, but instead were let down by a chef with dirty habbits such as stuffing his face while also preparing food. No gloves and no hand washing inbetween eating and prepping as a bonus! Then grabbing a dirty rag and using it to wipe up his hands because we all know just how unhygenic gloves can be. Upon mention to the manager the only reprimend told to the chef was change that dirty towel. Upon seeing these actions my wife became sick to her stomach and could not continue eating so we asked for our check. Now seeing as we had only begun to eat one would think that by no means we should have paid for both meals, perhaps a 50% off for this inconvience but instead we were met with a 20% off due to poor management. Now not to say we ate there alot, but in 2 weeks we spent $700 so yeah... This is not the place to make your regular spot... Infact avoid it all together because raw sushi can make you sick if not properly handled.
4	I can't give this place a 5 because I'm loyal to my sushi place (I love sushi) in Henderson. It's definitely up there though. I opted for the all you can eat which is about $25. The menu is expensive if you don't do the all you can eat so it's better to just get it. It's a good AYCE menu including appetizers and dessert. I had the ahi tuna poke which was the best I've had. I like the crazy orgasm roll and the dynamite roll. Didn't care too much for the mistake roll. I will definitely go back again. The servers were nice and the sushi came out pretty quick. I ambiance is nice too.
5	Definitely my favorite sushi spot. Great price and delicious sushi. Service can be better though.
5	Sushi Kaya is one of my favorite sushi places to go to located off the strip. It's really affordable and they have an all you can eat deal that is to die for. The staff is incredibly accommodating and ask you every 10 minutes how everyone is going and if you need anything else. I love the hilarious names they have given their rolls like "one night stand" and "I love my butt" which are both delicious by the way. I also live the bacon wrapped scallops, grilled shrimp, and cucumber salad. I seriously have never left this place unsatisfied or without a full belly lol. I highly recommend that anyone living in Las Vegas or visiting come check out this deliciously affordable place and maybe after you get that full belly you can go next door and jam out to Karaoke at Zizzy's like I always do lol
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. If you want bleach in your mochi, stained & cracked dishes & cockroaches crawling on your seats then this is the place for you. Absolutely horrible service & very dirty! I don't recommend this place to anyone. Really think they need a health inspection!
1	AVOID GOING!!!I hate going to places with bad management and even worse food. The hot green tea was lukewarm and tasted like tape water. The house salad was not good at all. We ordered 5 rolls and didn't finish one. All of them has extra gooey rice old fish which tasted bland. It all made my stomach hurt and made me super nauseous. The worse part of the meal was the rude manager who told me that nothing was wrong and that no one else has compliant. He didn't even get out of his way to me the customer better or anything. Definitely stay away from this place!!!
4	This is my go to AYCE sushi spot, never had a bad experience. The ambience is great and the staff is usually on point. Sometimes a bit of a wait, but you can walk over to ziggys and grab a beer, and don't feel rushed to kill it! they don't have a issue with you bringing your beer in to finish.
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas hands down!  Service is awesome! Restaurant is clean. This pace is so good we went two days in a row.  Another bonus is that they are open late too. Can't wait to go back!
3	I love eating here! Sushi kaya is my goto place for sushi, but I always go around 2pm-10pm within those hours! I love their service! BUT just last night I went at 2:10am I entered the door and I told the guy I wanted all you can eat and he responded by saying that they only have a la carte at that time, so I pointed at the door and said "it say the last call isn't until 2:15am?" And he said " 2:10am, 2:15am same thing, you won't finish. You have to be here before 2:00am" I was very disapointed! If there door  says last call 2:15am then the last call should be 2:15!! Not 2:10am and especially not 2:00am!  I didn't try to argue or cause trouble, I simply said thanks and walked away.! But I am very disapointed  I don't think ill be coming here for a while!
3	Frequent this place usually once a week with my fiancee, it is usually a good experience but last night was bad. We sat at the sushi bar, which we have fine before and it took them a few minutes just to take our drink order. Our first order of sushi was taken, it was over the next 25 to 30 minutes to get all of our pieces. No-one came to check on us, refill drinks or take our next order till I flagged him down after 15 minutes. Again Ayer waiting for our dishes to come I sat passing on my phone because no-one came to check on us again. Again I had to flag down the waiter who seemed shocked that we were done. So when the check came, I normally tip 20% but only did 10% for this bad service.
5	The deep fried sushi (any of them) are the best. Don't forget to ask for extra octopus sauce 'cause it will make your meal heavenly! And, it's always better to get the eat all you can.
5	Our group went to this sushi place because it is close to the main strip.  This is our first trip to Kaya sushi.  First of all, the quality of the foods were awesome.Delicious !!!! Fresh, melts in your mouth sushi.  The staff is very friendly, personable, and also knowledgeable of their foods. I definately recommend this place..
2	You can read other reviews about chipped plates, bad service and other things in other reviews.  In my experience, it's true--the service and atmosphere could use some work.  Each time, I get a different server with each trip to the table, so there's always plenty of confusion between the 4 or 5 people running back and forth to the table.  Constant check issues, missing AND overcharged items; we tried to pay with cash at one point and the bill disappeared.  We found it hiding in one of the card wallets, but it took some finding.  Plain lack of attention.I'm giving it a 2 because no mistake: the food items are tasty enough and the service entirely pleasant, but the last time I went--and it will be the last time--the presentation was so appalling I couldn't believe I was being served a sushi roll that looked that much a mess.  It was so sloppy-looking, absolutely no pride or skill in the food being served.  It tasted fine, not amazing, but it looked like it'd been dug up.TL;DR: Pleasant but terribly disorganized service, decent but not stellar food presented poorly, be prepared for issues with the check.  Go upstairs to Ichiza instead and skip the irritation.
2	Susihi was ok. Seemed not as fresh as other sushi places I have been to. Special/baked/deep fried rolls were below average in taste and quality. Service was good for the first fifteen/twenty minutes, but for some reason the waitresses and waiters completely stopped coming to our table. We would stare down the staff and I'd even motion them over and no response. If you want great service for half the time and below average sushi, this is the place for you.
3	We have been to Kaya several times and they have always been good to us. I just went again a little over a week ago and unfortunately experienced one of the worst services I've had at any restaurant.After we ordered, our waiter gradually disappeared the further we got into our meal. At first we had to wait on water and then it just became a wait for everything. My date was going to order dessert with his AYCE but gave up after a good 20 minutes of looking around for our waiter to appear. Someone at the table next to us ended up raising her hand to get the attention of another worker (maybe the manager?) who helped us all and prompted the waiter to give our check. When the waiter finally came back with our check, he was impolite and didn't say anything like "sorry to make you wait" or "have a nice night" and it made the whole thing that much worse.We've never had a problem with the service at Kaya so this visit was highly disappointing. I would probably still go back because I enjoy the place and people overall, but definitely would not hope to get that same waiter again.
3	I've been a fan of sushi kaya for a good few years now, they're one of the three sushi places that I frequent and take friends to especially on late nights. They have quick service and of course great food. I figured I will write this review a few weeks after my last visit because I hope they will if not have already fixed the issue. After our meal, while finishing up, we noticed a little cockroach crawl on the bar next to my friends hand. Now, we grew up in a third world country so these things are not the type of things that make us go nuts. So, quietly, I grabbed the little bugger with the napkin and told the busser about it. He saw it, apologized and left.Now at this point I was expecting a manager to come by and apologize. They didn't. Again were used to bugs being around the dining table growing up so my friend and I continued to enjoy the afternoon and not make a big fuss about it. We paid our bill and left. It wasn't until we were in the car when we realized that we should have done more. Spoken to a manager about it or something like that. So, what we did was call them and told a manager exactly what happened. We even told them that don't worry, we're not making a big deal out of it or want a free meal or anything, we just want you to do something about it. This happens on August 12 or 11.
5	One of the best sushi places in town love the chefs, servers, and the atmosphere is nice! Quick on serving your food! I recommend to get AYCE you can't go wrong with it! Ultimate Albacore, California Dream, and Crusty Philly Roll are a must! Oh and don't forget the awesome Pot Stickers!!!
4	Why does this place have bad reviews? I freaking love this spot!! I live on the other side of town, but I still try to come here at least once a week.  My idea of a good sushi place is somewhere with FRESH raw fish, as in sashimi and nigiri.I always do AYCE, and the nigiri is a perfect ratio of fish to rice.  They don't overdo it on the rice, so you don't get full that fast.I always order salmon, halibut, yellowtail, and red snapper.  I am never disappointed. The fish melts in your mouth.  Not fishy tasting.Try their garlic ponzu, it's a very nice addition.  I'm not sure if other restaurants offer this special type of ponzu.Don't listen to the other reviewers who obviously prefer a deep fried California roll over real fish.
3	Great food but bad service. I got smirked at by a server for ordering too much... I mean it's "all you can eat" and waiting 45 min for a table got me so hungry, so I don't see what wrong. The server shouldn't have been smirking because he is pretty big himself (not to be rude). He was a big japanese guy, he looked like one of the chefs for the sushi, so I couldn't tell if he learned polite waiter manners.
5	So far best AYCE sushi I have tried.  The rolls are about $13 each so after 2 you might as well have done AYCE.  I do wish they had a baked lobster roll however there skewers are fantastic.  Shrimp, Beef are so good.  Open late however small restaurant so sometimes you might have a little wait and parking in the shopping center can be a bit scarce.  But Close enough to the strip to give it a whirl as a tourist.
5	My family loves sushi and we have tried many many different places around town and besides Oyshi this is the only place that we go to now. Great section and great price for AYCE
5	I love this place. Always leave stuffed. Made to order. Good price of ayce. Good quality. Only problem is, for dinner you usually have to wait about an hour b4 ur turn.:( but other than that great service great food:)
1	Forget this place, we came in at 2:45pm. They state that their restaurant closed at 3pm, but they kicked us out for no reason. No respect and they give no customer value. Change your damn closing time if you won't even work up to it. Pathetic. Thank god we didn't even go there. Their sushi sucks. Worst sushi in Vegas honestly.
4	Great sushi buffet for the price with a wide selection. Expect for a 20 min wait as there will be a line.
5	I have been going to Kaya for about 5 years now (wow didn't think it was that long). I fell inlove with it the first time I went!$20-$25 for all you can eat sushi, and wonderful service! They always have at least 6 people running around helping customers even if it is not the table or section they are assigned. Only down side I would say is the place is kind of small for how busy it is, I definitely think they should expand! Other than that the tables are spacious and comfy, again amazing service and the food is TO DIE FOR!! Even my toddler loves coming here with me and eating off my plate. Always recommend the Sweety Roll, Dynamite, and Baked Muscles!!
4	Excellent quality and portions the fish was clean.  I went against my normal beliefs and did the all you can eat, and was completely reword it! Can only recommend this place nothing to say against it
4	There were six of us on a Saturday during Thanksgiving weekend. I tried my favorite spot on Decatur but it was an hour and a half wait. Decided to give Sushi Kaya a try after a friends recommendation. The hostess said it would be 45 mins to be seated and we said that was fine. We went a few businesses down to have some drinks. I got a call in 35 mins saying our table was ready.-soon as we were seated we were served water and asked if we were ready to order. We ordered drinks and some rolls and and it wasn't long before our food arrived. You can order anything from skewers, nigiri and an assortment of other food when you get the AYCE. I tried the bacon/scallop skewers which were ok. The rolls were all delicious and I over did it as usual. Aside from the server forgetting a few of our drinks this was a great experience and I would return again.  They added %18 gratuity automatically to the bill which was fine since the service was not so bad.
4	A hidden gem! Lunch AYCE is $20 (no drink included). Sushi is fresh and the rolls and other side dishes are awesome! Dessert is also included.
5	excellent service!! food was great!!! This is my second time here and came with a big group the first time. Kaya accommodated our group in their back room.
3	The food at Sushi Kaya is very good. The Nigiri tastes very fresh and there is a large selection of specialty rolls to choose from. However, the service could be better at this establishment. We received most of our food, but trying to order a few more items was challenging. We could not get the attention of our server. The sprite was a little flat, as well. Overall, a mediocre experience.
4	Beware the woman's toilet on the left. It doesn't currently work. And it didn't work when I was here 4 months ago.
5	I've been coming here for quite a while now, probably like 3 years and I love this place. It's my only go to sushi place, I'm always down to try others but this pne is just my favorite. I'm a huge salmon person so I'm pretty picky on fresh salmon and their salmon is always amazing. The sex bomb roll is definitely the best roll. They have a great variety of rolls, all which are delicious. Nigiri is always awesome, it just slides in your mouth so deliciously. The desserts are great, especially the actual ice cream. The cherry and mocha flavored ice creams are soo good! I think one of my favorite things is that they give you a stamp card for AYCE, not many places do that. You fill up your stamp card and on your 10th order, you get an Ayce lunch or dinner. Here's a tip: if you bring several friends that do AYCE as well but don't have their own stamp card, they'll give you stamps on your card counting them as well. I have filled mine up several times this way ;) service is always good and if a server hasn't came around there's also a button on your table that you can push to get your waiter to come by. If you're going on a weekend night before 11pm, expect about an hr wait, but pretty much any other time the wait is short. =)
5	Excellent food, excellent service, our waiter was Leo, he was very attentive, definitely we going to back to eat to this place.
5	First timer, very impressed.  Quality and variety of rolls is excellent, and service was exceptional.  I've given up on sushi places in the past because I felt like the staff ignored me.  These guys are ON IT.
5	Excellent service and great food!! The owners are very friendly and welcoming. The rolls here are really yummy. The Washington roll changed my life with that kiwi sauce they put on top. This was not my first visit and it definitely will not be my last!!
5	Convenient location: it's located close to The Strip, right next to the main Chinatown plaza. Although I live on the NW side of town, it's still convenient given that I often drive to the inner city. Fast & friendly customer service: I went here with my bf around 6:30 & we were seated as soon as we approached the reception desk. Food came out quickly as well since I assumed it wouldn't because the bar looked full at the time. It was our first time & the servers answered all of our questions regarding the specials & appetizers.Creative names & nice presentation of sushi rolls: I did enjoy reading through the names & most sounded very appetizing. I would've taken pictures but at the time we were starving so it wasn't really on my mind. I would definitely return to try out more though.Spacious & nicely decorated restaurant: I personally think their menu look should be updated, to suit the restaurant's authentic environment. High ceilings with traditional Japanese decorations were really nice to look at. Compared to other sushi restaurants I've been to, the amount of space between the tables is more than enough to not burst your personal bubble. So 5 stars for everything except for the parking lot, but that's Chinatown, right?
3	I've come here a few times, usually for lunch, and it's always been a great time. Today, however, left something to be desired - namely, sushi. The place had a foul, sewer smell. I'm going to assume this isn't their fault, but regardless it's unappealing for a restaurant. Several of the serving dishes were noticeably chipped. I'm no expert, but that seems like a food safety hazard to me; Let alone how it impacts the presentation. The food was phenomenal as always, especially the house made pot stickers. Light, flaky and full of flavor. A must order. Our server was decent, I guess. We said we wanted to wait for our Japanese Lasagna roll to come before we ordered more...and didn't see her again for 25 minutes. Just because I want to pace myself doesn't mean I want to be ignored or I'm done eating. I'm sure I'll be back, but my expectations have definitely been lowered.Finally got to order another round and dessert...the mini cheesecake came out frozen. Literally rock hard. What the hell?
4	I want to give this place 5 stars but after my 3rd visit, I saw the issue.Food is just amazing, very tasty, and the sushi bar gets the rolls done fast!Now the downfall that I saw today... Never sit at a table if you can sit at the sushi bar. Service is MUCH MUCH slower than at the bar that has buzzers for when you wish to get more food during AYCE.Our server walked by 3 times seeing our empty table during lunch and never once stopped. We had to ask the hostess to get our server so we could order more food. The manager (who I believed is the manager) came by and took our order and told us that any server can take our order.Well.... Lady, You also saw our table empty a bunch of times with dirty plates and not once stopped to bus or ask if we wished for more food.Get your service staff together and fast.
4	I recently went to kaya about a week ago with my friend.. It was about 8p.m and the hostess told us the wait was going to be 45 minutes! But luckily it was only half that well everything was great except they kept taking a long time to come back for refills or ask us if we would like to order more. So if your going on at a busy hour be prepared to wait 10+ minutes for your rolls to show up in the table
5	I am a sushi fan, this place has the gourmet sushi ever... Weve been in many sushi bar and nothing beats this one. Highly recommended.. A little bit expensive but it's worth it. :)
5	$20 all you can eat special and everything is fantastic. This will be my go to sushi place each time I visit Vegas. Staff is very polite, chefs are excellent. It's a tucked away gem.
5	AYCE is the best deal, for the appetizers  alone like gyoza and skewers are extremely small and not worth the price. Don't get me wrong , it was super delicious sushi  and appetizers with great presentation! It's my second time here and it was packed , so expect a little wait. Worth the wait though!!
