5	The very knowledgeable staff at Nature's Health Shop can help you find any kind of vitamin, herb, or health product you are looking for. They will probably help you find something you didn't even know you were looking for!They have a large inventory, but will order whatever they don't have. The store is clean and well-organized -- a must, as it is also very tiny.
5	Great prices.  Great customer service.
5	We needed some lactobacillus reiteri drops for my two month old grandson who was crying constantly from tummy pains.  The doctor had said they could be found at health food stores.  After wasted trips and numerous phone calls to every health food, vitamin store and pharmacy around we were unable to fnd any drops, just tablets and capsules.  Thanks to a Yelp thread I started in this area I was referred to this store where I found the powder form, and for less than half the price of the drops.  The clerks were knowledgeable and helpful, obviously knew their stock and health information.  They advised me on the proper dose and made suggestions.  I left very happy.  Now cross your fingers this product alleviates the poor little guy's discomfort!
5	Vast inventory. Everyone working here is an encyclopedia of knowledge. Great prices too!! :)
5	Great health food store!  I have been going here for 17 years.  Prices for all the products I get here are better than anywhere I've seen.   The store also has a mini library there, which I use as a reference section before I buy actually buynew prospective herbs.  So if you have a specific ailment you are treating, you can look it up, and reach out to understand the bio-mechanics behind the herbs or vitamins etc....  My favorite products I get from this store are:a. Spirulina & Saw Palmetto (bulk herb, NOT in capsules, because it is cheaper and good smoothies)b. Probioticsc. Pre-Natal vitaminsd. Liquid trace minerals supplementse. Deodorant - salt basedf.  Capsule making kit (non-smoothie burk herbs)This is a family run business, but the people they choose to work at this herb shop, have an innate interest in health and herbs.  Although they don't prescribe, they are also walking reference sources and are very familiar with many naturopathic remedies.  I will probably be coming here for 17 more years....
5	There isn't another place I would go to find knowledgable, helpful and friendly staff.  They have worked and trained in the industry for decades.  No matter the ailment, they can help recommend supplements to support the body, and which companies provide higher quality.  They won't recommend more than you need.  Their pricing is very competitive, and they have a great selection.  They host seminars to help improve health. You can sign up for their newsletter and receive coupons, as well as informative articles.   They deliver great customer service.
5	I love this store which I discovered less than a year ago, the only problem is exiting once you walk in. I am really into natural herbs and being your own doctor when it comes to medicine so this store has all ingredients you need to keep you healthy. The store is clean, the employees are focused, ambitious and helpful.
5	This store is fascinating. I've never seen such an extensive inventory of supplements, natural and organic foods, bulk spices and then some. I actually only come here for one supplement and that is the Go-Out Plex formulation that has probably spared me from gout flare-ups ever since I started taking it regularly. I priced similar products at Sprouts and found that Nature's Health Shoppe actually beat them by about $8 per 90 capsule bottle!The staff has been extremely helpful and friendly every time I've shopped here. I'm simply impressed with all of the variety of products they have here. It is worth stepping into the store simply to browse, whether you want to find literature on a particular supplement, buy a rare ingredient, or even treat your pet naturopathically, they have all of those options here.
5	I have done business with Nature's Health Shoppe for about 8 years now, this is my favorite family owned and operated business! Their prices are great and if they don't have something you need they are always willing to try to special order it for you. The staff is always friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I would put NHS at the top of my "local businesses to support" list!
5	They have a wide assortment of a ton of different natural type things here.  It's a bit far from where I live, but when I need something, I know I can count on them having it.  Sometimes the prices are a little much, but I like that they are always helpful and friendly and consistently provide great support and service over the many years I've been coming here.  And I will continue to come.
5	Way above 5 stars! Customer for 25 years? I normally like to get advice from Dan. Have total confidencewith anyone you will speak with. Incredible experience and straight forward responses. You can appreciate variety of experience, feedback and opinions.Wide selection and competitve pricing. If everything were covered the review would be long. Allow yourself a positive experience by visiting them or to their website for products and service.I drive from Scottsdale.
5	One of my favorite health food stores which I only discovered recently.  I am big into natural herbs and remedies for which I can find an abundance of ingredients here.  They carry everything you need to maintain a healthy body plus the store is clean and the employees are always so helpful.
