5	Looking for the right entertainment for your wedding isn't an easy task.  You want to make sure your guests have a good time and are well entertained.  My wife and I booked Mark and Cassey to emcee and DJ our wedding through the referral of a friend, and suffice to say, it was a pleasant and easy experience.  The guys are professional and easy to work with, and provide their expertise and knowledge when you're not quite sure about what you want.  What sets these guys apart from the others is the service.  Mark kept in constant communication with us via text and email, and even offered to meet with us in person to discuss the details of our big day.  They were well prepared and made sure everything went according to our liking.  Our guests loved the music selection and weren't bored at all. These guys are honest and good at their craft.  If you have an event in need of an emcee and DJ in the Vegas area, Mark and Cassey are your guys.
5	We booked Big J w/ Synchronized Sounds for my son's wedding reception. We held the reception outdoors and J got everything set up with the space we had set aside for him. He was very professional and had us fill out a form before hand so that he knew exactly what we were looking for in the music. Big J helped make the mother/son dance a special and unforgettable moment for me. He also played a variety of music and our guests kicked off their shoes and danced on the grass til' the wee hours of the night! Synchronized Sounds will not disappoint! Their passion and professionalism is second to none!
5	Jason, aka Big J, has been my organization's DJ of choice for several years. He spins for our fundraiser and for special events during the holidays. Our guests always enjoy the music. He keeps the energy going and tailors the music to our diverse crowd. I've so appreciated his work, and how easy it is to work with him. Even my staff comment on how much fun they have with him as our DJ. Looking forward to more events with him soon! I highly recommend!
5	I hired Synchronized Sounds for my wedding and to be 100% honest, they were the best vendor we chose for this memorable event. DJ KCQ did a great job of emceeing our wedding party introductions and of course spinning the best music out there. The energy during the reception was high and remained at that level with their choice of music.Synchronized Sounds equipment was top-notch as they provided sound for our wedding ceremony as well. Everything went off without a hitch. The mics worked perfectly and the processional/recessional music was on point.Cassey was extremely professional and very easy to work with. He was flexible with how we wanted our timeline to be and was very helpful during the entire planning process.I would strongly recommend hiring Synchronized Sounds for any of your upcoming birthday parties, weddings, etc.. You will not be disappointed!
5	I met Jason through a cousin of mines..and the first time I met with him.. It was instant famz! They DJed my wedding on Dec 1st... And after the reception I got so sick cuz Jason and Mark were just ILL! Good peoples..and now consider the family. Thank you again boys for making it a memorable night I will always remember! Lub u guys...the best is in the SS! U won't be let down!
