5	While on vacation in Vegas, my wife lost her glasses. Originally we were going to wait until we got back home to replace them, but unfortunately she can't read with out them and after the first night of trying to read everything to her, we just gave up and decided to buy her a new pair. Since she had her prescription at Lenscrafter's back home, we went to the closest one in hopes they could help us out. We arrived and explained our predicament to the gentleman that approached us. He was friendly, nice and very understanding. He looked up her prescription and we started the process of buying her new glasses. Because we needed them ASAP, he did everything to make sure we could get them in an hour, even if that meant we couldn't get some of the fancier lenses. He went for speed, not the sale. There was a problem with ringing up her glasses that resulted in him having to back out of the charge to her card. In doing so it locked up the card and we were not able to get it to run again. The only other way to pay is if it came out of our vacation fund, and we really didn't want to do that. He told us to go to lunch, and when we came back the glasses would be done and he'd do what he could. We get back and the situation with the card was not resolved, but he had an alternative. He gave us a copy of the voided out charge and then ran a manual version of it that they have when there are "system issues". She was able to get her glasses and not have to pay for it from our vacation funds. Then to find out, he was one of the managers, and for the inconvenience he gave us an additional 20% off the frames. I couldn't ask for better service. Yes, it was their mistake running it wrong, but they resolved it in a matter that put no hardship on us. Thank you!
5	My daughter forgot to bring her contact lens when we visit Vegas.  We managed to have her percscription scan and email to us.  This morning ( Sunday), I call then and forwarded them the prescription.  Since we stay in a hotel on the Strip, we took the bus to Fashion Show Mall and made our way to the very back of the mall.  Within 5 minutes of us walking into the store, the eye doctor's assistants got our lens ready and we were so relieved.  The original prescription doesn't specify the brand of the contacts so I told them the store name from our hometown where we bought them from and they help us googling the phone numbers, called them, and, got them to fax over the info, all while we were still on the bus.  They were such angels for us and they saved our vacation!
5	Lens Crafters at the fashionshow : rocks :)
1	Bought a $1,000 pair of Cartier glasses and within a year the frame has failed and they are claiming they do not have the same frame available even thou they have one that looks exactly the same.  I paid for warranty and they are supposed to replace at no charge but are trying to charge me about $200 and the manager Aime is extremely rude and refuses to honor warranty.  I asked for her corporate manager and she said "they will tell you the same thing" and I again asked for her to have them call me.  No one has called me and I am filing complaint with BBB and my credit card company, this is consumer fraud.
2	Went here after my wife's cataract surgery for a new lens. We showed up 15 minutes before her appointment, and ended up waiting an hour before she saw the doctor. In spite of giving them detailed information when we made the appointment, they didn't have any of her information. We discussed our vision insurance with them when we set up with them only to find out later that they don't accept our insurance. The staff didn't seem to be able to manage an office very efficiently.
4	I've been wearing the same frames for almost 5 years and I go to Costco for my lens-filling needs. LensCrafters doesn't accept my vision insurance and going the out-of-network route is still unreasonably pricy.My 4-stars, however, is substantiated by their excellent service and positive employee attitudes. On numerous occasions, I have knocked a screw out of my glasses only to try to fix it myself and completely lose it. I've been in here too many times to count. Each visit I was greeted and assisted almost immediately and served with a smile. Given I don't know anyone here personally and I'm definitely not a paying customer, I extra appreciate their free-99 glass fixing (and adjusting when I need it) services.If they ever start accepting VSP or significantly lower their prices, I'll be a client in a heartbeat. They have an awesome selection of luxury frames and I'm looking into Cartiers next! :)
4	I went here a few days ago since my eye doctor is only available on Saturdays and I was way overdue for a new pair of glasses and an eye exam.  To be honest, I've always been leary of getting my eyes checked or getting my glasses from the mall.  We looked around other stores inside the mall but LensCrafters had more selections and  the glasses I wanted.The new patient process wasn't too bad.  I had to fill out about 3-4 pages of paperwork.  My insurance was out-of-network but they gave me a discount on my eye exam and glasses.  The eye exam was a bit more thorough than what I'm used to.  Dr. Le went over my results and addressed any concerns I had.  He's very professional.After my eye exam, I picked out the pair I want.   We came back after about an hour to pick up my glasses.  I'm used to waiting for a week to get my glasses after an eye exam so picking up on the same day was pretty sweet foreign concept to me!
5	I had a good experience here. The stuff was very friendly and helpful. Got a great pair of glasses. Great success!
5	Total life saver! I lost my glasses at a show in Vegas and had to sit through the next one with my prescription sunglasses on in a already dark theater.  Totally sucked!  I called the local Lens Crafters the next morning and they were able to work me in.  I still had no hopes of getting my glasses the same day.  Not only did they get my exam (my script had expired) in quickly, they were also able to hustle and get my glasses done in less than 30 minutes so I could make it to the 7:00 LOVE show!  Seriously!  The customer service was absolutely outstanding.  A very frustrating situation was turned into a great personal experience due to the folks that work over here.  Sooo nice and so helpful!  Thank you so much!
