5	I heart Modern Salon.An amazing value - got a great haircut and a relaxing (didn't realize that was possible) eyebrow wax here yesterday... only $65!  Lesley gave me the exact haircut I was looking for, all while fixing the goofy layers I was growing out from my last busted haircut.   The service was fantastic... as long as I am in Charlotte, this is the only place I will go.  Tip - they do not let you put tip on the credit card, so make sure you have cash with you!
5	I really like Modern Salon.  My 1st time going I had made an apt. with Myra for a cut and color.  I didn't know anything about her and I was nervous because my hair is kind of my "thing."  And if you get a bad haircut, you have to wait to make it better.Well turns out Myra was great, a really sweet girl and she knows what she is doing.  That first time there I was coloring my hair dark brown and I discussed with her what would I have to do to get back to my natural dirty blonde color when I got sick of being a brunette.  She explained what we would need to do and a little over a year later we started on the process to bring it back to blonde.  It was definitely cheaper to just get cut and color then the highlights and cut, but she does such a good job and I always get a lot of compliments.  And I can let it go for longer in between touch ups.  Also of note, my first time here the receptionist didn't let Myra know I had checked in and so there was a bit of a misunderstanding and I was left to sit for a while.  I approached the desk again after waiting 20 minutes and told them I had a flight to catch in 3 hours, would we be able to start soon, if not I had to leave.Well Myra was so apologetic and she felt awful that they kept me waiting.  I did get out of there a bit later than I would have liked, and I did find myself running to get into the airport, but I did make my flight.  But the best thing was, I got a gift certificate in the mail soon after for either a free massage, pedicure or facial with any other service I had.  I thought that was a really nice touch and I used it for a pedicure after a haircut on another visit.
1	I got my hair cut here about a month ago. During the shampooing my scalp began to feel a little tingly but no biggie. By the time I sat in the stylist's chair though it felt as if my scalp was on fire. My ears were bright red and anywhere else that the wet hair had touched my face turned the skin bright red. Clearly I was having a bad reaction to their Aveda-only products.  The stylist got very concerned and, appropriately, brought over the salon manager. The clearly unconcerned heard-it-before manager said that she, too, had a bad reaction to their products as did some other customers and that I "might want to take a Benadryl" when I got home.  End of story! Not "how can we make it better for you?" Not "Oh I am so sorry this happened!" Take a Benedryl. That and they charged me full price for my miserable experience - maybe they felt that they had to recoup the cost of rinsing my head again?Any service professional that doesn't understand the importance of customer service will not get my money again.
5	Very nice place, Mohsen knows how to cut my hair - which not an easy job. Comparable to the high end places my wife and would go to in LA and Santa Barbara. Great to have this level of skill in Charlotte.
4	For the record, not all Asian chicks have fabulous, jet black, silky, down to her butt hair, and obviously I'm one of them.  After 2 trips to the hair school, I believe it was time for me to treat my mop of hair to a decent place.  I've been on and off going to Modern Salon since... well, since I had this thing called disposable income (hahaha... what a concept).  This location has moved since I last came here.  It's now closer to the movie theater.  The space is still nice and open and bright.  I was promptly sent to the sitting area.  I didn't have to wait long to see my stylist, which was perfect since I took my lunch break for my beautification and I was praying that she wasn't behind on her schedule.  This is more of a trim/fix than a real cut.  My hair has so many different layers and they were growing oddly.  Faux mullet (or is it neo-mullet) just isn't a good look for me.  My stylist (I wish I can remember her name) took the time to explain to me why my hair was doing odd things before the shampoo.  The shampoo chair was awesome, it tilted back with a push of a button.  I love getting my hair washed by someone... one day I'm going to have my own shampoo boy (a hot one at that), I swear.The cut was simple.  We played with the bangs a little longer than I could afford, so finally I told her to just chop it.  She informed me that I can go back for complimentary bang trim while growing the rest of my hair... how awesome (and economical) is that!  Being a junior stylist, my cut was $35, and I say it was worth it.
3	When I moved to Charlotte I had to leave my beloved stylist in Kansas City who knew my head like I know the back of my hand.  A lapse in judgement resulted in me going to the closest salon where I moved to in Charlotte. BAD IDEA. That salon shall not be named.  (It wasn't Modern.) When I described what I wanted, the result was a TETRIS CUBE, or a LEGO MAN shape.  Choppy, block-like and did not blend at all.  There was a distinct LINE as to where the top layer ended, and where the bottom layer was. After getting great reviews about Modern, I hit up one of the best stylists, who cost me $80 but slowly, over the course of a few months, blended and fixed my SQUARE HAIR into something presentable. My stylist was great.  We didn't really have any chemistry...but I was satisfied with her work. However...a few other things about the salon in general bugged the heck out of me. Modern Salon at Philips Place is gorgeous.  Bright, white modern and clean. But the service in the salon varies depending on the day.  I've been in when I'm immediately offered a beverage...other days I get icy stares from the ladies at the front desk. The Stepfords don't make any effort to keep me as a customer and book me 6 weeks later. Other days, the staff are fine. Overall, I like to have chemistry with my stylist and feel welcome.  To build a relationship with the salon.  To chat and swap stories and have stylist therapy almost. Sometimes I feel there's a pretentious air about Modern, and I came to dread my next appointments. Great hair wasn't even worth the uncomfortable feeling of walking in. TIP:  They don't accept credit card tips here, or at least that's what one of the blank expression girls told me.
5	If you have hair, get your booty to Modern. One of the worst things about moving is having to find a new stylist. Before I moved to Charlotte, I had my stylist do an all-over color to bring me back to my original hair color and wipe out my years of highlights so I didn't have to find someone right away after moving for upkeep. After a year and a half, I finally decided to brave the daunting task of finding a new salon so I could be back to my blonde alter ego. Girls in my office had been recommending Modern for months, but I decided to take my chances elsewhere. Bad choice. After 3 sub-par highlights, I looked like a tiger (in a bad, orange and streaky kind of way) and gave in to their insistence that I try Modern. Man, do I feel silly that I wasted so much time and money at other salons! Sandy, a stylist at Modern, was not only one of the nicest people I've ever met, but she did an outstanding job on my hair. She understood exactly what I relayed to her and went above and beyond in doing a deep conditioning treatment and explaining what we could do next time to make my hair look even better. Sandy is a true professional and really listened to what I was saying about how my hair reacts to different things and they way I like it to look (unlike the other places I had gone, hence the tiger-head.) After a wonderful head massage during the deep conditioning treatment and a fantastic blow-out, i was on my way to face the world looking 100% better than when I walked in. I would recommend Sandy's services to anyone who wants to look fabulous.
4	I went to this salon for the first time because my boyfriend lives in the apartment complex located behind the shopping plaza that Modern Salon is in.  I made an appointment with the idea to get my hair cut and some fun color added into my long hair, kind of a rose gold ombre effect that is so popular right now.  My appointment was with Janine.  She is fantastic.  Since I wanted something a little more complex she was very honest telling me that she does not quite have the skill level to give me the ombre coloring that I wanted and checked to see if there was another stylist available to do the color.  Thankfully there was a senior stylist available to do the color.  Janine went ahead and cut my hair beautifully and I would definitely go back to Janine for another hair cut.The senior stylist that squeezed me in for my color was awful.  I regret that I do not remember her name.  She had no patience for me.  I had some pictures of the type of color effect I wanted and she kept arguing with me that all of the pictures were different and that I needed to pick one.  I finally settled on one of the pictures as an example and she got to work.  She did not talk to me the entire time, just to her assistants that were helping her juggle 3 clients at the same time.  She added the color to my hair and as I sat with foil in, I realized she only did the top half of my head when she and I discussed doing the bottom around the face more.  I got her attention again and asked if she was going to add more to the bottom and again she started arguing with me about how this is exactly what the picture showed and that I would see once she was done.  Needless to say that it was not exactly what the picture was and not at all what I wanted.  Since I have very dark hair and my hair took longer to lift to the desired color, she told me that I would have to go home and come back later that day or tomorrow for her to finish!  I HAD TO GO HOME HALF BLONDE HALF BRUNETTE.  It was NOT a good look for an Asian girl to have.  I went to the front counter and when I was told what the total was for the day, I burst into tears (not my proudest moment).  They immediately got the manager and I told her that her Senior Stylist was not listening to me and that I was horrified that I had to go home with half of a hair color.  The manager was great and understood completely.  She ended up comping the entire thing and scheduled me an appointment for the next day with a different stylist completely.  The second stylist was Victoria.  She was fantastic and listened and gave me exactly what I wanted.  I would definitely go back to her.Overall, traumatic experience but I would go back only because the salon treated me well and tried to correct it as quickly as possible.  AND I don't think the stylist from before works there anymore. :)
5	I've been getting my haircut here once a month for the past 10 months. I'm very happy. Prior to coming here I went to salon Cielo in the mall and occasionally would go to barbershops depending on what style I was going for. I love the atmosphere in there and the staff is super friendly. Megan is the stylist that I regularly go to. I definitely recommend her for haircuts, she's great. I thought that I'd have a hard time finding a great stylist and a great place to get haircuts, but that's just not the case. A+
3	I went to Modern to extend my day of pampering after a massage. Note about me: I do not get my hair cut that often, in fact the last time I cut it was before Christmas. That being said, my Sister-In-Law and friend have both come to the uptown location before some portion of wedding festivities, and always left looking great. I decided I would give the new South Park location a try (they moved from Ballantyne) and booked a Junior 1 stylist. The booking was fine, and my appointment was set up with ease. When I got there I was offered a beverage, which I chose the cucumber water. I showed my stylist a picture of Jennifer Aniston for my cut because let's be honest ladies, who doesn't want her hair? My stylist asked me what I liked about it, and then told me that she didn't think it was smart of me to get certain parts, because I don't take the time to spend time on my hair. Ok...? She washed my hair and cut it how she thought would best suit my lifestyle, not really exactly what I wanted, but it looks good. I didn't really get the let's be BFFs from her, so I think I will continue my quest to find my favorite hair stylist.
5	I started going to Modern in June when I moved to Charlotte from the DC area.  My family owns an amazing salon in the DC area so I have very high standards when receiving any salon services.  I've also never gone anywhere else for a haircut so I was a little nervous going somewhere new.When I called to make my first appt, the receptionist was very nice.  She asked about  my budget and what I was looking for.  She also explained their different levels of stylists that I had to choose from.The salon is clean, bright, and smells great (thanks to Aveda products)!  My stylist, Siobhan, is so nice and always does an amazing job!  The front desk staff have always been nice as well.
3	I had a gift card to this salon and was interested in trying it out. After much contemplation regarding which service to use my gift card on, I settled on a 30 minute massage. I called on Friday and was pleasantly surprised that they were able to fit me in on Saturday. As soon as I walked into the spa, I was offered a beverage and escorted to a comfy chair. The massage therapist was very warm and friendly. I've had some uncomfortable/awkward massages at other spas, and I felt extremely comfortable with her. Overall, the massage was great. Great pressure. She used non-fragranced oils. She didn't try to talk to me the entire time which I appreciated.As I was checking out at the front desk, I asked one of the employees a few questions regarding false lashes and lash extensions which she did not know the answer to. I was disappointed that she was completely clueless regarding these services nor did she offer to ask anyone who may know the answer to this question.Overall, I think the massage itself was great. However, the front desk service was mildly disappointing.
2	I've been a client at Modern probably a dozen times over the past few years. This was my first appointment with Kris A. I requested a Junior Stylist, and was placed with Kris. We talked about what I wanted at the beginning of the appointment - and what I didn't want. And then... she proceeded to pretty much refuse to do the layers I requested. She also styled my hair using a round brush. I explicitly explained that I would not ever style my hair using a round brush, and that I didn't like it done that way. I wanted my (natural) wavy hair cut in a layered shoulder length cut - and I left with terrible straight, flipped up at the ends, dated hair. Modern it was not. Kris asked all the right questions - but clearly didn't listen to the answers. That, or she didn't care. I'm not sure which is worse. I was happy and excited at the beginning of the appointment, and I felt completely deflated by the end. My hair is shorter, but I could have done that myself. It was a financial "treat" for me to attend this hair appt; and what a waste of my money it was. I won't be back.
3	In my opinion, it is not a nice place to get a hair cut.
