5	Best lil tat shop in the world!!!!! Knick knacks, jewellery, cards, unusual gifts, jokey presents...you name it, they have it.And the nicest ladies who will chat, recommend cool new tat and wrap your gifts like they were presents for their own family.I love....
4	Casablanca is an utterly delightful card shop just off the tourist beaten track in Newington.Selling a number of quirky gifts, from old fashioned wind up toys and wooden snakes to gorgeous girly ornaments, there's something for everyone inside. They have some older, refined styles of cards, gift wrap and gifts but a lot of their collection is contemporary and funky. It's fairly big inside so they have room for a lot of stock, and you could lose yourself for a good while in here deciding what you want to buy for a loved one. Personally I loved their tiny candles in porcelain heart candle holders - five for 2 pounds was a steal! They would be great for birthday parties or for dinner soiree's. All in all, it's a lovely shop with lots of variety, and I'm glad the name of the store enticed me in! What's a store like you doing in a place like this? It's bringing a great selection of gifts and quirky collectables to the community of Newington, that's what!
4	Casablanca is a nice gift shop. Pure and simple. It's not somewhere I would personally come and shop, other than for presents for others perhaps. But I still appreciate it.Glass ornaments, fridge magnets, wall hangings. It's a pretty eclectic range. Gifts on offer here are usually of better taste (as opposed to tatty), a little pricier and probably geared toward middle aged women. Although this is a generalisation and as Marj points out in her review, there is something in here for everyone, making it very pleasant to browse in. They also sell a nice range of arty gift cards.When I was looking around the owner was having a pleasant conversation with a fellow browser who must have been a complete stranger. Her welcoming and friendly attitude was a nice touch. I expect this is the sort of place that goes out of its way to help.
