5	I don't spend a lot of time pampering myself, don't feel a need too. You do the basics and well that should be enough. Who can work with long nails? So when I found that someone could use thread to clean up my bushy brows, and for only ten dollars, I said why not! The first time I went, they were in the Meadows mall. There were a few people waiting, and I had to take a number, no appointment needed, walkin's were welcome. I didn't have to wait long, and it was my turn, not knowing what was going to happen, I just took a deep breath and went with it. I enjoyed it! I found myself very relaxed through out the process, and well initially it didn't feel great, but as the rhythm continued and the fright of the unknown washed away, I found myself enjoying the whole experience. When I was done, I was impressed with how my brows looked, but had to laugh at the intense redness of my face that developed during the process. It only lasted a half hour or so. Since I found this to be relaxing, I thought why not try again. It was about my third visit that I was talked into having the upper lip done, lord knows it needed it. That was little less enjoyable but very effective. Since then, Patel's has moved out of the mall and are still within walking distance, just at the entrance off of Valley View. They have also added stores, and I know find myself, going to the Grand Canyon shopping center location, off Flamingo and 215. If you ladies or gentlemen want a new experience, stop in, the staff are very courteous, gentle, and quick. I think well worth a Little bit of pain to look good! Perhaps I need to rethink pampering!
5	They are by far some of the best threaders in town!! Their shop is consistently full because of the skills, the girls move quick so the waits arent soo bad, unless you go on a friday after about.. ohhh 5 pm, then the crowds are monsterous but theyre so good im always willing to wait.!!
5	I love this place! First started going to them over two years ago when they were in the Meadows mall. After moving two locations inside the mall, they moved into their own location right across the parking lot.Extremely fast, efficient and friendly. The store is always spotless and I've never had to wait. And even if I did, there are plush couches in the waiting room.$10 is worth it to have perfect eyebrows (every time I get my eyebrows threaded, I always get compliments) that last about 2 1/2 weeks. And it takes less than five painless minutes!
5	The best place for threading hands down! I've been to the other threading places and Patel's is far superior. The girls are fast and my eyebrows come out amazing. I usually see Gina, and I trust her completely. Did I mention that my eyebrows come out amazing. I definitely prefer threading over waxing the results are cleaner in my option. The shop is always clean and the girls are always so friendly. I don't feel at all uncomfortable and always welcome. The last time I went in I had my first Henna Tattoo and I absolutely love it. The color and design came out great! I definitely will be doing more on my next visit!
5	For eyebrow threading and shaping see Raji she's the best!
4	Very quick service and they do a good job, I just wish they would talk more... I'm just not really a fan of awkward silences.... But I'd definitely come here again.
5	OMG I love this place. It's full and packed but if you wait a moment because that's is all that you will wait a moment. Your gonna be next and once they are done you will love the way you look. I've been doing a weird happy dance in front of the mirror. And asking my husband to tell me how pretty I am. I ask him...Am I pretty? He says Yes. I ask Am I pretty he says Yes. Then I say to him how pretty? And he says very pretty!  I can't wait to go back and get my eyebrows done again. I will be back in two weeks oh yeah!  And...I will bring friends. I never knew eyebrow threading could make me so happy. And non of that ouch stuff with the wax.
4	I love Patel's! It is obvious that the threader is extremely well-trained and always does a fantastic job. My only complaint?? The location! I would much rather her be further away from the mall. If you happen to be nearby, stop by and leave with perfect eyebrows.
5	This place is so good. Raji and Jina make you feel so beautiful after you see just how great they make your eyebrows look. I started coming to them around the time I was in middle school up to now in college. My eyebrows were very very very bushy with no sense of shape whatsoever, but Raji shaped them to what they are now and I don't look like a Neanderthal anymore! Hahaha. There is consistently a lot of people waiting but that's because they so such a good job. I don't mind the wait when I know the results will be amazing. Bring cash with you in order to tip them! They certainly deserve it!
5	This place shapes your eyebrows perfectly. I have never been disappointed when I leave. I wish they were open until 8pm but I can't go anywhere else
5	They always do an awesome job shaping and cleaning up my eyebrows without making them really thin. Very friendly and quick.
5	I had my eye's threading for first time was great!! I got a henna art on my face and had my hands  done!! The work is so pretty!! I will be back Henna is the way to go. only 55.00 for all of it too,
5	I have been coming here for the past 5 years and I definitely recommend going to this place to get your eyebrows done! The employees are friendly, and their hands are not heavy when they thread. It usually only takes about 5-10 minutes to get your eyebrows done, and the results come out great! I always get compliments on my eyebrows after I get them done! I have never waited anymore than 20 minutes for my turn, and walk-ins are acceptable. It only costs $10+ (depending) for eyebrow threading and upper lip cost $4+ (depending). There are other services as well such as full face threading and Henna. Also, if you go on their website, you could print out a coupon for $2 off upper lip threading with an eyebrow threading purchase. They accept cash, debit, and credit.
