1	These people are phone spammers WHO WILL NOT STOP! They call several times a day from three different numbers all with the same area code and prefix but the last four numbers fall into three repeat patterns. The calls always come through as Adobe Carpet Cleaning. Based on the harassment from these people I will never be a customer. I don't care if their service is the best on earth and free. They have harassed me for three months and will not stop calling in spite of numerous requests to be taken off their call list.
5	Adobe carpet cleaning came to my home yesterday to clean my carpets and all I can say is WOW. They did an amazing job at a great price. My carpets were really dirty and now they look amazing. I would recommend them to anyone who needs their carpets cleaned
1	No matter how many times they call (nearly every day for the last few months!) and no matter how many times I tell them I am not interested and to please STOP CALLING - they continue to harass - calls come in from 8am until 9pm.  Based on these business practices alone I will never use them.
1	do not use these people.
5	I used a Living Social Deal.   Super easy to book an appointment (very happy that they were able to do Saturday).  Bo was here on time and did a great job!   He was able to remove stains I thought were hopeless.   I will definitely use them again.
1	This company constantly harasses us by calling every week. We have told them to stop. 6027491677 is the number they call from. Their way of gaining customers is horrible. I honestly would get service from them when I need it, but now that they have bullied us with phone calls, I want nothing to do with their company.
1	Bad company. Do not use. Check negative reviews on BBB site and here on YELP.    Phone spammers of the worst kind. Also asked them to stop calling and they wont. What a way to upset potential customers. I will post my negative experience with them everywhere I can because of their bad practices.
1	DO NOT USE. Unrelenting phone solicitation even after being told multiple times to stop, to put us on their OWN do not call list.  A complaint with the Federal Trade Commisssion is being filed, especially since our number has been on the list for over 31 days.  I encourage anyone who has had the same experience to do the same.  Go to the National Do Not Call Registry and file a complaint
1	Adobe Carpet Cleaning is UNETHICAL and you should NEVER do business with them. We're on the FCC's "Do Not Call" list, but Adobe Carpet Cleaning repeatedly breaks the law by calling us several times a week. They have done this for months even though we have politely asked them to stop, then angrily asked them to stop, then yelled at them to stop. Sometimes, they've called us three times a day, even harassing our young kids.NEVER USE ADOBE CARPET CLEANING.
4	Got their LivingSocial Deal for 3 rooms. They arrived early and got started. Carpet came out great and even got rid of some old stains. Had to pay $3 for taxes. Only negative is I would have liked them to move the furniture, like the couch, to clean underneath. Friendly and helpful guys. Thanks.
1	They said hey you've got 30 days to call to get your carpet recleaned, but guess what??? Nope these people suck in scheduling, communication and cleaning the carpet. Mine is still dirty and stinky. I do not recommend them!
1	I should have read these reviews prior to hiring Adobe!  What a waste of money!  30 day guarantee forget that!  They called me to sell me their services after I was already displeased with the quality of their work from the week before. When I explained that I wasn't pleased the salesman was very polite and said that he was going to transfer me to a manager so that they can make things right.  When I spoke to the manager I explained to her that I was not happy with the work and that they didn't need to call me to sell me anything.  Instead of trying to resolve the cleaning issue she said, "I'll take you off the calling list."  Then hung up.
