4	Set off on a sunny Monday evening with an itison voucher in hand to give this place a whirl and we werent disappointed. On a arrival we were greeted by a very friendly waitress and the place itself was bright and modern. The menu for the voucher was similair to the main menu only excluding the mini mains, so I cannot comment on those. We opted for:Cold mezehumus, Shaksuka, Dolma, olivesHot MezeCalamari, Sucuk, Spinach BorekNerellom Ascalese Arpeggio Sicilian wineEverything was really nice and the wine was reasonably priced. The stand out dishes that made us discuss a repeat visit were the calamari, humus, Shaksuka and Sucuk. Even the pita breads were really good. Wish I had taken some photos as everything was reallly nicely presented. Could not fault a dish from the hummous to the pitta breads, which normlly for me in meze/tapas etc theres something that is a bit weird or seems have come from a tin. Never a fan of eating anywhere around George Street as I seem to have had a lot of medicore and occassionally expensive meals, but this place is great.
3	We booked a table on a voucher for 2 people and they were happy to use the voucher for 4 people.The deal was for 12 'tasting sizes' containing of 6 cold and 6 warm Meze. In addition we ordered extra fried calamari, tzaziki and an artichoke with dry roasted tomatoes. It was all a bit of a mixed bag as each one of us preferred different dishes. My personal favourite was the calamari, which was nicely crispy outside and soft on the inside (and not chewy like you get in some other places). The ambiance is a bit bare, but the music created a great compensation for that. We noticed that we were humming along while enjoying the dishes in front. There is a good level of noise as we didn't have to over shout the music either. Service was very friendly, but a little chaotic. It took us 3 requests to actually get the bill to our table. They closed the kitchen at 9pm so we decided to have coffee and dessert elsewhere.  That was actually fine with me as I didn't fancy any of the dessert on the menu. So in all it was a good experience and there were some definite highlights, but it lacked that cohesion and finesse to make it stand out.
5	This was our first time at Yeni and we were very pleasantly surprised. We had a mix of hot and cold Meze plates. The bruschetta was excellent as were the traditional Turkish dishes like hummus and grilled strips of cheese (i forget the name). The service was excellent and the prices low!This was the best meal we've had in Edinburgh. Don't miss it
4	I was really impressed with Yeni after visiting for an incredibly good value lunch on a fairly busy Saturday afternoon.Three meze dishes for less than a tenner per person. And don't let the idea of meze plates some other Mediterranean restaurants serve fool you, these are very generous portions! Despite that, there is no compromise on the quality of the food. Everything ordered was delicious and full of awesome flavours. The highlights for me were the tender, juicy chicken kebabs with that fresh-off-the-grill taste, the 'Ezme' A tomato salsa type dish, probably the best a tomato has ever tasted! And the Shaksuka; sauteed aubergine with tomato, onion and garlic that was yet another taste sensation.There's a good selection of drinks as well. Reasonably priced wine and beer with soft drinks and that great Turkish coffee that could probably fuel a diesel engine.Inside is bright, modern and clean. It's a fairly small place but doesn't feel at all claustrophobic. Staff are nice and friendly, courteous and happy to take the time to chat. Another positive is the fact that there is a great variety of options for those with food intolerances, veggies, vegans and meat eaters alike.Yeni ticks a lot of boxes; it offers a great taste of the Med at a very reasonable price in a great location. I look forward to returning!
