5	Ambiance is amazing....very Zen, without being too Zen-y.  The massage rooms are bliss, iPods with playlists to be chosen by the client, something gorgeous to look at (flowers on the floor) and scented (or un-scented) oils that are so beautifully fragrant.  The staff is exceptionally kind.  Lockers area is complete - could leave for office right after a treatment.  Good for solo spa-goer....areas set up for solitude and the atmosphere encourages quiet.  Divine.
5	Because of my spa know-it-all status, people often ask me which spa in town is my favorite. I never directly answer the question because truly, it depends on what you're looking for -- atmosphere, customer service, amenities, treatments, etc. But I'll let you Yelpers in on a little secret. Spa Avania is definitely among my favorites. They've done just about everything in their power to deliver a truly amazing upscale resort spa experience. Once you check in and walk down the short staircase to the locker room, you escape into another world. The women's changing lounge is chock full of amenities and has an absolutely stunning decor where natural woods and stone intermingle to create a calm, sedating vibe. The private men's and women's lounges also each feature a relaxation room with doors that open out onto an outdoor patio area with a bubbling hot tub, cold plunge pool (for the brave) and rainstorm showers. The outdoor co-ed relaxation space has a double-sided fireplace and overlooks the French Celtic mineral pool, lotus pond and sundeck. The treatment rooms have an indoor-outdoor feel and the therapists and aestheticians are superb. The music in the spa changes subtly throughout the day and you can pick your own tunes in the treatment rooms. The separate salon is gorgeous too and hides a special men's suite with a mini bar and flat-screen TV. I won't spoil everything for you but I will wrap with this insider tidbit: As a local, don't be timid about asking for special discounts when you book your appointment. During the summer, the spa slashes their prices for Arizona residents significantly. And currently, at the time of this review, the spa is allowing Arizona residents to buy one 60-minute spa treatment and get the second for 50% off. Pretty sweet and so worth it!
5	I truly enjoy the rare opportunities that allow me to visit Spa Avania.  The layout is well thought and it transports you from Scottsdale to where-ever...  Having worked in the spa industry, I value great therapists like Melinda - she is truly talented.  The locker rooms are immense with multiple areas, outdoor showers, cold-plunge pools (you HAVE to try it - ONCE!), jacuzzi, steam and sauna.  Another nice touch that they have is the water, very simple (cucumber, mint, lemon,etc.) and snacks set out for you to nosh on.  I have attended the yoga classes that are offered, but since I practice often it was too basic (It is on a resort though...).   I will be heading back soon, I miss the lotus pond and pool!
5	Ahhh.....  That is the feeling upon arriving yesterday at the spa pool.  Layed out for a while before the massage with T'liesse, then enjoyed the sauna afterwards.  She is a gifted therapist, I will go back to see her again soon!
5	I researched several different day spas before settling on this one. I made a very wise choice. I self-parked in the parking lot and walked into the hotel. The lobby has a section that overlooks a bar and restaurant and is open-air. Outside past the seating areas is a large pool area, and beyond that, a man-made lake and the golf course. Beyond all of this is a breathtaking view of the mountains and the gorgeous Phoenix desert sky. I found out from a friendly staff member that I was actually in the wrong area, and that the day spa is back out the front door by the front of the hotel, in its own separate building.  When you enter the spa, you go down a flight of stairs to enter the locker room. The locker area itself is small with digital locks - I liked this a lot as I don't wear jewelry, so having that coiled bracelet with a key hanging off of it always drives me batty when I'm at a spa. There were three indoor showers that I could see, and one was handicapped. Taking a shower was worth the price of admission alone! There were six showerheads coming out of the walls to hit you on all sides and one "rain" showerhead directly above me. Decent-sized steam and sauna rooms are also accessible indoors. There is a small women's outdoor area with a warm jacuzzi, a cold plunge, and three outdoor showers. There is also a main outdoor pool area with a large sitting area with outdoor fireplaces where you can order lunch. The heated pool is clean and gorgeous and has a large pond attached to it complete with lilypads and hovering dragonflies. There is a rock-wall waterfall. Oh, and the pool also has a few jets on the sides... very relaxing. They have a bunch of treatment rooms and I got a stone massage, which must have been good because my own snort/snore woke me up during the massage (NICE). I loved the experience from beginning to end, inside and out, and plan to return very soon.
5	I did not want to leave, but after about 5 plus hours of hanging out, it was time.This spa was top notch and pristine.  The property (the Hyatt) is already amazing to begin with; lots of great pools, the golf course, cabanas with roof decks for guests.  I would stay here as a guest, for sure.  Back to the spa review...The decor is fresh and modern.  The lockers have nice number locks.  The waters are refreshing.  The showers have the special wall spouts to wash you down from all angles.  My favorite area was the mineral pool.  When you walk out, you will enter an area that is covered and can be used for hanging out, ordering and eating food, etc.  There are also fireplaces there, which is nice.  Then you walk down the steps to the pool, which had a nice temperature and was fun to play and swim in.  There are lounge chairs and towels galore.  It was very relaxing and peaceful.I had the 60 minute mineral massage, which is a part-Thai massage, so there was lots of stretches involved.  I was in heaven and it was hands down one of the best massages I have ever received.  The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.I look forward to coming back to this place.  The prices for the massage are comparable to other high-end spas, but this one is most definitely a cut above the rest.
5	We spent my bachelorette weekend at the Hyatt Gainey, and a few of us treated ourselves to spa services at Spa Avania during our weekend stay.  The experience was amazing and I hope to return again and again.  The staff was super friendly, the facility is relaxing and gorgeous, the showers are amazing, the therapists are extremely gifted, the amenities are top notch, the fitness center is more than adequate, and the boutique is stocked with useful and stylish product as well.I had a facial with Lena and a Thai massage with Robert.  My sister also had a facial with Lena and we both loved her!  She also had a massage with Denny - she said he was extremely professional and talented.  We both really enjoyed that we were able to select the music from various themes during our services.The cucumber melon and ginger mint water they serve is a nice touch, and they have some apples and snack mix available, but the spa menu is extremely limited.  I did enjoy a veggie wrap sandwich, however, for lunch today, and it was awesome (served with a jicama salad).  My sis seemed to enjoy her Southwestern Caesar Salad as well.The regular pricing for this spa is high - typical for a top notch facility, but luckily for us (and for you), there are Summer specials including $99 massages and facials for locals and 20% off other services... I'm pretty sure these specials will be extended to the end of September by the way, so call asap to book your spa day!  It's worth the splurge... I promise!
5	Truly what I call a vacay!The most perfect mani/pedi here. They have their own line of nail polish that lasted weeks after I left Arizona! And in gorgeous colors. I really wish I bought that beautiful emerald/black polish. And rarely do I care so much about nails!Afterwards with my beautiful mani/pedi, I indulged myself in the jacuzzi and the French Celtic Mineral pool. No harsh chemicals in the pool, fresh cucumber water in hand, surrounded by dozens of waterlilies (my favorite)...boy do I miss you. OH, and how can I forget! THE SHOWER IN THE LOCKER ROOM. OH MY GOD. SERIOUSLY. I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU. 8 SHOWER HEADS. TOTAL INDULGENCE! Seriously, I have not lived until I came to Spa Avania.
4	Overall a nice spa but not the best in the area.  The fitness center really lacked as it had only low-end  and a limited selection of machines.  The spa had all of the usual treatment rooms including a steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi but considering the size of the overall facility these seemed fairly small and not equipped for large groups of people.  However, the standout and best feature was the heated mineral pool.  Staff were friendly and helpful, and my massage experience was great. Like most resort spas the treatment prices are high, and I probably would return only if they had some specials or promotions.
4	My wife and I have been to many different Spas in the Phoenix area, this is one of our favorites. The mineral pool is awesome, the amenities are great.
5	This spa is simply amazing.  I had a hot stone massage with Ashley-- I would DEFINITELY ask for her again.  She was so sweet and the massage was amazing.  I also had a facial with Elise.  She was also very good (but I have to say that Ashley was my favorite).  They both asked me a lot of questions before starting to tailor the treatments to my needs and expectations.  The spa facilities are great.  There is a coed mineral pool.  Everything else is separated by gender.  There is a hot tub/plunge (outdoors), cold plunge (outdoors), outdoor waterfall showers, indoor showers (with ~8 shower heads!), steam room, sauna, bathrooms, lockers, and toiletries to use such as  toothbrushes/toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razors, shaving cream, deodorant spray, hairspray, brushes, hair dryers, etc.  They provide you with robes and flip flops, and you are required to wear your own bathing suit for the pools/plunges (probably the steam room and sauna too-- not 100% sure though).  They also provide you with towels to use.  They even have cold towels scented according to the time of day which are great to put over your face in the sauna.
4	Pricey but worth it. They have cucumber water, and some of the best carrot raison cookies laid out (which they swear is not that unhealthy for you).  There is a hot water spa with a cold water pool right near by.  I had the mud wrap which was nice but my friends tell me the massage is the way to go.
5	What more would you want in a spa? Spa Avania has everything a girl could ever want and more...During my stay at the hotel, we were able to visit the spa three times. Two amazing massages later, spending time in the relaxing mineral pool, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi and using all the amenities, including the workout room, I was definitely pleased. They even had fireplaces near the pool for those cooler afternoon/evenings.I was quite relaxed after this experience, had a big smile on my face and never wanted to leave.
5	Wow!  What can I say about this spa but EXCEPTIONAL!!  From the minute I drove up to the hotel/spa and was greeted by friendly attendant to the incredible service from the staff at the spa, I was sold as a repeat customer!The spa facility is amazing...there is your typical steam room, sauna, etc...but some of my favorites and special areas include the "hot and cold" plunge pools, where you sit in the hot for 15 minutes and then plunge into the cold for 1 minute (like an ice bath), and the result is amazing!  Great for sore muscles!The pool is a mineral pool (no chlorine or chemicals) and perfect temperature.  It's situated in the nicest setting with a small pond, waterfall and zen-like atmosphere!  There is a lovely sitting area above the pool where you can order food, read, relax and just take it all in.I had a 90-minute Swedish massage which was so relaxing.  The masseuse offered me a variety of oil scents to use as well as music type, which were all based on best time of day, i.e. awakening, relaxing, etc...I chose the Mediterranean sounds...which was wonderful!The massage bed was comfortable and spacious...and the room was very warm and welcoming.  I stayed at the spa for about 4 hours and felt like I never wanted to leave!  I will be back, and the best part was that I received a local resident discount, which they told me could be extended to my friends that visited.  As a new resident to the area, that definitely impressed me!I shopped around the little boutique area after my treatment and enjoyed the large variety of goods to purchase...my goal is to buy a little something from every new spa place I visit, so I can start collecting my spa memories here in Arizona!I highly recommend Spa Avania for a great mid-week or weekend getaway, and it's just a few minutes from downtown Scottsdale!  So nice to have such a great spa close to my "new home"!
4	I love trying new spas and was excited to experience Aviana. I would actually give this 3.5 stars if I could. It is between A-Ok and Yay! I'm a fan.  A really good spa, great for hotel guests, beautiful little pool area private to the spa. The actual massage itself was a 5-star, my therapist did a great job. I just have my favorites that are 5 stars and this one doesn't measure up in terms of atmosphere. I would definitely recommend it to those staying in the area and are looking for a great spa service. The spa is especially nice for groups. One small thing - the showers had the potential to be amazing (a billion and one shower heads), but they confused me a little. There were only two and they were a little too open. I felt like someone was going to walk in there and see me nakey so I rushed through my shower.
5	The day just flew by...I had no idea that relaxing was so much fun!- workout facility...better than your average resort!- hot/cold plung pools- water - I know this sounds weird, but in AZ you need water!  They change the flavors to match the time of day!- music - during your treatments they let you pic the music!- mineral pool - hand picked from Europe, the minerals will soften your skin.- AZ residencial rate - call and ask, its worth it!- food service - this is the ONLY complaint I have...too SLOW...I ordered food twice and never ate a bite; I never had enough time before the appointments.
3	I hate to go against the grain and give this place a not-so-hot rating, but my experience was so atypical of everything else I experienced while staying at the Hyatt. The hotel service was soooo fabulous so I expected that the spa would be the same. I found the front desk service was extremely unhelpful and I hate to say it - a little snotty. To begin, I made my appointment one morning for that afternoon. I was going to be there for a week so I wanted a spray tan and I really really needed a pedicure. I wasn't even thinking about the problems this would cause at the time (I will explain about that later), but about 30 minutes before my appointment I realized I was going to be a few minutes late. I decided to call and see if it was possible to push my appointments back a few minutes. She said no. I asked if I could simply move them later that day or split them up. I was being very flexible and was hoping she would be helpful and try to help me figure out a solution. She was not helpful and all and then informed me that they had a 48 hour cancellation policy and that would apply to me if I was going to be late and hence couldn't make my appointment. I realize the being late was my fault, but I have never come across a salon that wouldn't rebook me so I wouldn't be charged the cancellation fee. So I rushed over to the salon and ended up only being about 5 minutes late. I was already feeling frustrated when I finally remembered my spray tan rules and knew I should probably shower before my appointment and that the lotion from the pedicure would be a problem. Apparently the therapist doing my pedicure would be doing both treatments. So I asked her if I could shower after my pedicure and before my spray tan. She said there wasn't time, but she ended up saying that I could come back for my spray tan tomorrow morning. I was grateful to  finally find someone helpful and understanding. So, I had my pedicure and it was only okay. The massage portion was not even as good as less expensive shopping center nail salons. The next morning, I returned for my spray tan. I am very familiar with all the types of spray tans out there and I know all of the rules and best practices. Anyway, I am not shy when it comes to getting an airbrush tan, because I would rather not have lines from undergarments, so when she handed me the disposable underwear I asked her if I could just be naked. You would have thought I asked her if I could give her a lap dance! She looked pretty uncomfortable with the idea (I mean, come on, you massage naked people!), so I just wore the underwear. Of course I got horrible looking lines that ended up showing when I wore my swimsuit. Ugh. In addition, I think she mixed the tanning solution herself and this particular solution had a bronzer in it. Unfortunately, I think it was mostly bronzer, because it was coming off on everything! Normally I sleep in the solution in order to get the most out of the color, but anything I touched before I showered turned black! I have never experienced this before. I was running to the shower after 4 hours to get the bronzer off!I don't know if my experiences were just flukes or what, but the front desk service was too rude to just be limited to myself. I did have to give this spa 3 stars though because their facilities were amazing and I would love to have just relaxed in their pools and relaxation rooms. Would not recommend their spray tan and their pedicure was just "meh." My boyfriend had a massage and said it was fabulous, so maybe just stick to massages!
5	Very relaxing day in April.  End of tourist season - felt like we had the place to ourselves at times.  Loved the hot cold plunge pools and outdoor spaces.
4	Very relaxing due to the many options to get your calm on: mineral pools, luxurious showers, hot tub, steam room, sauna, cold plunge (er, scratch that last one!). Wonderful locker room amenities and attentive staff.   I've been to only one better spa than this one so I'm reserving my 5 star rating for that one.  Would definitely return here when in Scottsdale.
4	We had a spa day and it was a treat to be there. Kellie did my facial and she was amazing. the service was great and the amenities were delightful. it was so relaxing. I could have not asked for a more better experience. we enojoyed ourselves to the fullest.
4	Beautiful place! My only complaint is they didn't really explain how all the areas worked. There is actually a hot tub and  cold tub and you are supposed to go from hot to cold, which I wasn't told so I never did it. They have the co-ed mineral pool which was nice, but a little chilly. Plus there is the relaxation room, sauna, steam room and rain showers. We did a couples massage, which was wonderful. You get to pick your oil based on what you like and the pick them based on the time of day. Plus you could choose your music. I had Brittany for mine and she did a great job! An hour was definitely not long enough.
5	I can't think of enough good things to say about my visit to Spa Aviana, so I will simply go with Best Spa Visit Of My Entire Life.  This is a truly beautiful facility with outstanding staff.  From the moment I checked in to the moment I left, I felt welcome and pampered.  My massage was fantastic (thank you Michelle!).  In addition to my choice of scented oils, I was able to choose from a background music menu as well, to create a  personalized experience.  It really could not have been better - exactly what I wanted.  Afterward, I took some time to enjoy the amenities, including the whirlpool, steam room and gorgeous heated mineral pool.  The relaxation room was the perfect place to curl up with one of the soft-as-a-teddy-bear blankets and relax with a glass of wine and a nice fruit & cheese plate.The pricing is in line with other resort spas, but this is one instance where I can say you really do get what you pay for.  If you are looking for somewhere to treat yourself, this is definitely the place!
5	This spa was fabulous!  My husband and I went here for the day since we were checking out of Gainey Ranch and didn't need to catch our flight until late that evening.  We were both warmly welcomed and promptly received a tour of the facility at check-in, along with our locker, robe, and slippers.  We were able to spend the day enjoying all that the spa has to offer.  The common area (for both men & women) has a nice seating area, fireplaces, a tranquil pond, heated mineral pool, and plenty of comfortable lounge chairs and tables to relax at.  While we didn't order any food during our visit, a light menu is available that offers wines by the glass, light sandwiches, salads, fruit plates, and more.Each of the men and women's areas have their separate hot tub, cold pool, outdoor showers, sauna, steam room, relaxation room with light snacks and spa/detox waters (that they change the variety of throughout the day).  Each side also has their own indoor shower facility along with vanities equipped with all the essentials (hair dryer, dental package, hair spray, deodorant, etc).My husband and I used every amenity Spa Avania offered - and we both indulged in a 60 minute massage as well.  I had the Swedish Massage and my husband did the Hot Stone Massage.  We both truly enjoyed our experiences and plan to make Spa Avania one of our first stops on a future visit.
5	This is everything a spa should be.  Great staff, very skilled at their craft.  My husband had a massage with Diane and said it was the best he's ever had, which is saying a lot since he gets a massage once a month at home and every time we go on vacation.Ladies' area is clean, spacious, and has every amenity (lockers, lounge area, steam room, 2-room sauna, outdoor plunge pool and hot tub, outdoor showers, etc.).  The only knock is the indoor showers with multiple heads are very difficult to figure out how to work properly.Co-ed outdoor area is AMAZING!  Lovely mineral pool, lots of comfy lounge chairs and umbrellas, plus a shaded lounging area with outdoor fireplaces.Spa menu and drinks are great too and the service is very efficient and peaceful.This place is great for day spa or even better - a whole weekend of relaxation.  I am already dreaming of going back soon!
4	Came here to get a 45 minute pedicure and a 60 minute hot stone massage.  Both times, I had a pleasant experience.  Booked reservations over the phone.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  They use Deborah Lippmann nail polish.I had an early morning appointment so it was quiet.  The spa areas were clean and up-to-date.  The spa amenities included steam room, sauna, outdoor mineral pool, cold pool, and jacuzzi.  I liked that the main areas were well lit as some other spas have very dim lighting.  Even the massage room was pretty bright from the light through the window and it was a pretty big room compared to other spas where the room is dark and small.  In the ladies area, they pretty much have everything to get ready including hair spray, comb, and hair dryer, but I wished they had hair brushes.  Also they only have 3 shower stalls.  Be aware that none of these stalls have doors, but as long as you hang up your robe, you should be fine.  The multiple shower heads were difficult to figure out how to turn on/off or hot/cold.  It would have been nice if they showed us how to use them.Note, they accept Spafinder gift cards.
5	I come to Scottsdale once a year and always stay at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale. Besides it being a beautiful property, the spa is an added bonus as a guest. The facility is extremely well kept - the locker area is 5 star: sauna, steam room, showers (indoor and out), fully stocked sinks with amenities (hair dryers, razors, dental kits etc.), fresh towels at every turn, a comfortable waiting room (where there is fresh snacks and infused water), and thats just the inside. There is a tiny courtyard that features a hot tub and cold pool as well as outdoor showers, there is also outside the locker area a co-ed area which features a 'restaurant' type area overlooking the celtic mineral pool (which by the way is gorgeous). The staff is incredible attentive and will go long distances to make sure you are content with your services, level of comfort, and anything else that is a priority. The services offered are wonderful - I have had a swedish massage, hot stone massage, and have had a facial in the past. Any service here is wonderful, I have not had a bad experience.Even if you don't schedule a service, I would recommend just staying for the day and enjoying all of the amenities...I have done this and felt so relaxed and at ease. Highly recommended if you are looking for a spa day or just somewhere to go and relax. You really wont regret it, Hyatt does the finest job in the biz!
5	This place is amazing and has awesome summer specials
1	Service at checkout was terrible. We were a party of 10, booked and quoted a price over the phone and then it was confirmed with an email. They tried to charge us a higher price and offered no reason other than "it was a miscommunication". We showed them the email and they basically said "that's what we pay living social". Manager and her girls offered no valid reason for trying to charge us more, became defensive and often so nervous that they weren't even making sense. They FINALLY compromised on a price (still higher than what was emailed to us) and then - charged the higher price to my card anyway!. When brought to her attention, she became defensive again- and then tried to tell me she couldn't print a receipt showing the credit. And in light of that- my massage was terrible. Will never come back to this spa.
4	beautiful, clean, quiet, relaxing.  Massage Therapist was good and the pools were really nice. Ample room in the locker and mirror areas and the staff were pleasant and professional.
