4	This is our go to Fry's. We know the layout well & usually find good deals on items we need (& don't need). The parking can sometimes suck. Cashiers are friendly. Prefer this location over the 19th ave & Union one. My 1 complaint is that their meat department is seriously lacking! Usually only pick up ground turkey meat here, for all other meat products we go to Costco.
2	The dairy case next to the diapers. Perfectly logical.
2	I am a loyal Fry's shopper; however, today I became very disappointed! I was near 7th and Bell and needed just a couple of items, so I swung in here. It took me over 5 minutes to find the Cheese! I was so frustrated by the layout of this store, I went towards the big DAIRY sign, but apparently cheese is no longer catergorized as such. I can understand deviation, but toys in the middle and end-cap refriderators in odd ball sections...it just was way to difficult to find anything! They need to look at this layout and come up with something more convient for shoppers.
3	I think i'll like this Fry's a lot more when the remodeling is done. It's cramped and the aisles are misleading, if you ask an employee where something is the typical answer is "the old aisle 16'. Being new to the area, I'm not sure where the new or aisle 16 is. The reason I go here is the prices are pretty decent and it's pretty close to home...but I only go alone. It would be a nightmare trying to take my 12 week old twins.  The parking lot is a madhouse and the store is crowded and crammed and gives me a claustrophobic feeling.
1	I stopped going to this location years ago because of the bad customer service and because it felt dirty. I heard they had a remodel and it's been years since I've gone in, so I gave it a shot. It still felt dirty and most of their produce was very ripe or old. I ended up walking out and went to my number one go to place, Sprouts.
4	I called in for some dry ice and pricing and they were very courteous and helpful.
3	At least the prices are good because the parking sucks & employees aren't very helpful.
5	This is the best Frys in my area. I have to say thank you to the management for handling the coupon craze with grace. Thank you for doubling our coupons as we all try to get our deals without clearing shelves or abusing coupon policies.
