5	I've been here twice and this is also my mother's podiatrist. I came in here two years ago to have my old botched ingrown toenail removed (my old podiatrist took out BOTH sides, very painful, it never grew correctly on the bottom) and both doctors made sure it was less painful for me. I bumped my big toe the other day and it bumped the nail the wrong way, I cut my nail and it felt awful. . I needed an appointment immediately and they scheduled me for the same day (Rebecca is a sweetheart! -  their receptionist). I needed to have the nail cut on one side and I was in and out of there quickly with good advice on how to help my foot heal as quickly as possible. Dr.  Abraham is the sweetest and I was out of there super quick. Love the service and friendly environment
5	This is a doctor who really cares and tells the truth. He does not try to sell you anything; he simply gives you the alternatives and if you ask his opinion, recommends conservative treatment. He also has an efficient, friendly staff  You can't ask for more than that.
1	Once Dr. Harlan makes a surgical error, rather than trying to help rectify the situation, he keeps stalling and saying that you are still healing until your 90 day post-op is up.  Then he pushes you out, in worse shape than when you first saw him!  Dr. Harlan has no compassion, all he wants is $$$$, he really does not care about his patients.  And, by the way, he must not be human because according to him, HE DOES NOT MAKE MISTAKES!  You would be smart to go somewhere else.
2	All of our family sees Dr. Harlan...this week, we took in our child. I like the doctor, which is why we go to him--very personable and professional (and a good sense of humor...you probably need that looking at feet everyday).However, the staff...lord, what can I say? As per their usual manner, they disappointed again. This time the prescription wasn't sent to the pharmacy. Thinking that it was at the pharmacy like they said, we went to Walgreens. No luck. Then, knowing the staff's track record, we checked at CVS just in case they got confused. I emailed that evening and received a reply that they did send it to Walgreens, but not the one I requested and that they would send it again this morning. So I called Walgreens this morning. Nope--no prescription anywhere in their system. Argh.So, I called the doc's office. The staff person I spoke was very confused that Walgreens still didn't have it and while trying to request she just send it to Melrose Pharmacy so we could stop arguing with Walgreens, she put me on hold...in the middle of a sentence. I'm sorry--but do you know how ridiculously rude that is? When I called back, a guy answered and told me brusquely that I wasn't the only patient who was waiting and needed help.Whatthe$&):$;&&&!!!!!Can you feel my blood boiling yet? First you cut me off. Second you don't apologize but instead blame your lousy phone manners on you being busy. Third, you then proceed to help me but make sure you seem very put out by the whole thing. Because yes, this guy did get the script to the correct pharmacy.GEEEEEZ. I wish I could say "All's well that ends well" but...this isn't the first time I've had issues with the office staff...like not following-through with what the doctor asks.So I'm sorry, Dr. Harlan. I really like you. But please get some more experienced staff. I told the office person I was disappointed with this last interaction would be writing this, and he said "go ahead". No apologies. Sigh.
5	I came in limping from an ingrown toe nail and was able to get a same day appointment. The following day was as good as new, went for a 12 mile run and enjoyed the pool.
