5	We used this Rubio's location for a fundraiser we had this year for our school. FANTASTIC staff, friendly service, and the food is great. Very generous portions and fresh, hot and yummy. You will never eat at Taco Bell, Del Taco or any of the Filiberto's spin offs ever again. The restaurant is always clean and you can count on a good experience every time. :)
3	This Rubios is a lunch-time favorite of mine.  I am always impressed at their friendly service, accuracy, cleanliness, and the good hot food served promptly!I have become a real fan of their chicken tacos and would highly reccomend this place for a nice lunch or dinner.Their salsa is really tasty too!
5	If you like fish tacos try Rubios!  The food is fresh and always delicious.  I love the classic fish taco, grilled salmon and grilled mahi mahi taco, and the mesquite shrimp burrito.  The salsa is also fresh and compliments all the food well.  The staff makes the food fast and they're always friendly.  I also like the fact that you can call ahead and place an order.
5	I am surprised too that I am giving a 5 star rating. However, this place deserves it. This location in particular just wow-ed me. Both employees that I met where extremely nice and had outstanding customer service skills. It shocked me and I was pleasantly surprised. They kept addressing me by first name after I told them my name, nice touch. They made my order exactly the way I wanted it and verified my specifications to be sure I got what I wanted. The food was good, fresh, and I got exactly what I paid for. I had a salad with grilled chicken, pico de gallo, cheese, guacomole, romaine lettuce, and pinto beans. YUM!!! Plus more low-cal than most other fast foodie type choices. Overall great experience, I will definitely be going back.
4	Very well managed.  On the better end of the chain.  9 times out of 10 GREAT, efficient, friendly, service.Can't beat fish taco Tuesday's $1.25 per taco.  Excellent fresh salsa options.  I rotate between the hot salsa and chipotle, add some fresh onions and chives.  Food always well prepared.  Great for take out they always hook it up fast and fresh.Dining in they have bottles of beer on ice.  Decent indoor/outdoor seating.  Kept clean enough.
4	I love Rubios. I can't really help it. The fish tacos with some lime and a Corona just hits the spot sometimes. I'd recommend it over any of the other restaurants on this particular strip in Surprise.Edit: Now closed.
