5	Parrott Discount Auto Repair. Ray is the owner and does a fantastic Job. He is friendly with no nonsense. He will only work on what you need and not add on anything. Prices are the best in the whole of Phoenix Metro. Call him anytime and he can take care of 99% of your car issues. Great Job Ray
5	I called Ray based on Chris' review.  I was looking for a mechanic to quickly look over particular cars that I'm considering for my daughter.  Ray gave me a good price, made an appointment for the next day, and gave us some personal advice about the car, besides just what he had found wrong with it.I trust Ray, and will continue to use him as I look for a suitable car to put my baby in.
5	I don't think I could say enough good things about Ray and the business he runs.  He is so honest, reliable, knowledgeable, friendly and an all around great guy.  I presented him with what I had been told was an expensive transmission problem, and he took his time to examine every aspect of my car and run every diagnostic test and found absolutely nothing wrong with my tranny.  Ray was absolutely fantastic and I wouldn't hesitate to send anyone I knew his way.
5	My truck was leaking fuel from underneath. I checked my area on yelp and decided to give Parrott a try due to the reviews. I've decided I'm the smartest guy I know. He was great fixed my truck same day called me to pick it up and saved me about $70 on the repair. Would have been 5 star but the waiting room didn't have coffee. I needed some.
5	I feel so lucky to have found this wonderful trust worthy repair shop. Being new in town my dad always did all my auto repairs before I moved to the valley .when my VW had a pully pop off. While driving down the highway I thought it was toast Ray fixed it and got it back to me with in 2 day . He is amazing really a great mechanic !
5	Ray and his crew did an incredible job.  Thanks to his oil change discount and his first-timer web discount, he saved me a bundle and the work was top notch.  I was so appreciative of the work they did, we've already referred others to his shop.  Should I have any other car repair needs, I'll be coming back to see Ray.Thank you sir!
5	Just took my mustang to Ray and he fixed everything I asked for at a reasonable price. He is a very good mechanic and the best part is that he is down to earth and very honest. If you want a good mechanic take your car to Ray. His employee Tony is also a great person.  Thank you guys
4	I found Ray on Yelp, and given his great reviews, I decided to bring my car to him for its first check up since clearing 100,000 miles.Being a typical female, I went in know very little about automobiles. I appreciated how Ray took the time to perfom a full inspection on my car, and let me know exactly what needed to be done on that visit. He let me know what should be done on my car in the future with lament explaination, but did not push for me to have everything done at once. His prices are extremely reasonable. I was previously quoted almost triple what I paid with Ray. I have found myself a great mechanic, and will be taking my car to him from now on. Go see Ray, you will be very happy you did!
5	Car was acting crazy. Seemed like I was riding down rail road tracks. Went to Parrott to have him look at it. He checked it out and said I had a bad tire. Asked how much I owe you he said nothing. So I left and bought a tire. He gets all my business now. Great honest guy.
5	***Ray at Parrott Discount Auto is very honest and thorough, and his prices are on the low end of the spectrum/ makes things very affordable.*** My Problem:My old reliable Honda began randomly dying. We took it to several mechanics and they were unable to get it to repeat the problem /die for them.  We were told it could be any number of things, from the fuel pump, to the ignition switch, to the battery. After spending several hundred on different mechanics guesswork we took it to Ray at Parrott Discount Auto.  His Solution:Ray was very patient diagnosing the problem.  The first time we brought it in he didn't have any luck getting it to die even though he drove it all around.  Suggested we bring it back in when we could leave it with him a little longer.  He even offered to come and meet us on the side of the road if it died on us while we were in the area, which I thought was very generous.   The second time we brought it in he had better luck and was able to narrow the problem down to two possibilities.  He gave us quotes for both and said his instinct told him it was the relay (which was the cheaper of the two possibilities).  We went ahead and had the relay replaced and it has been driving fantastic ever since! The Bottom Line:We really appreciate Ray's honesty both in diagnosing and pricing, and him taking the time to be so thorough and explain things to us.  We found our family mechanic!
5	Looking for an honest mechanic?  You've found him in Ray Parrott.  This guy is the real deal.  He's no nonsense, happy to talk about all the options, and he's not willing to just take your money.  At the risk of sounding cliched, this gentleman is all about an honest day's pay for an honest day's work.  And for those interest, this shop is the epitome of your local small business.I brought Ray my car because it was overheating.  I know enough about cars to get myself into some trouble, and can perform most minor repairs given enough time and the right equipment, so I started diagnosing my own problem at first.  I determined that the clutch in the A/C unit wasn't engaging properly, but I didn't know why.  At that point, I got impatient and/or nervous about taking it any further, and found Ray on Yelp.  A few good reviews and a phone call later had me at his shop.  He diagnosed the problem further than I could have taken it (the engine fan had gone kaput) and found an inexpensive solution.  In the past, I would have expected to pay thousands to repair a problem like this... it ended up costing me far less.  I was at ease with the exchange and the car is now running great (with 157,000 miles on it, by the way)!  I would and will recommend Ray to anyone looking for an auto shop.
5	This Will actually be my  second review I am that satisfied a customer, for every repair that Ray has done for me it  has been a life saving one, when your car is your lively hood and something goes wrong with it you feel helpless, an very scared. However since I found Ray and Parrot discount auto I count myself lucky because I know my car is in good hands. It is rare in life that you deal with any one, or business that you feel like you can really trust them and their judgment, Never once has he ever tried to up sale me, I respect that. he is just an amazing quality guy and does amazingly fast and quality work. Not originally being from the valley and my previous mechanic being my dad I really feel like I won the mechanics lottery. really it doesn't get better than that,
5	Two thumbs up for Parrott Discount Auto Repair!! Headed to a shop that turned out to be non-existent, so YELPED and followed the reviews here...which just happened to be down the road from where I was. Showed up without an appt. with radiator and power steering leak and was very quickly given an explanation, estimate and quick time frame for repair. Since I was planning to tow a vehicle in just a couple days, time was of the essence and Ray was so helpful. Reasonable estimate and final cost far below that! Recommend Parrott's to everyone.  Honesty, integrity, and just plain good folks. Thank you, Parrott Automotive!! I will be back if need arises! God bless you all!
5	Found this place on yelp. They took a look at the issue in my vehicle, said what the issue was, gave a quote and now they're fixing the issue. I really liked the "say it like it is approach" and the fact that they didn't say 8 million things was wrong with the vehicle. Straight pricing. I'm very happy! Oh, they even offered me a ride home because they said the job would take a couple of hours :) I'll make sure to refer these guys to my friends when they need work done on their vehicles.
5	I had a great experience with Ray at Parrott Discount Auto Repair. I needed to have a used car that I recently purchased checked out, and after reviewing all the 5 star reviews on Yelp I thought I would give him a try. Now, I am not a car person, in fact, I dare say I know nothing about cars, so I rely very much on professionals to tell me what needs to be done. After doing some diagnostics of the car, Ray presented me with all things that were wrong with the car, and other things I could do for preventative maintenance. He let me know what things were highest priority, and what things were important but would not leave me stranded on the side of the road if I didn't do them today. He took time to tell me what was good and not so good about the car, and explained things in terms even I could understand. I really felt he was being straight with me, and not for a moment did I feel he was giving me the run around, or trying to sell me stuff I didn't need. It was personalized, honest service you don't see much these days in the auto repair industry. In addition to everything else, he acquired some new wheels for me, and since they weren't ready to pick up until the next day, he took the time to personally drop them off at my home. So overall, I would definitely recommend Ray to anybody, and I will be coming back.
5	Great honest service, good analysis of the problem, great rates.  Quick turnaround.   Highly recommend.
5	Looking for a decent mechanic in the area, I found Parrott Discount Auto Repair on Yelp and decided to give them a try.  So glad that I did.  Straight forward, honest and up front ... everything you need in a good mechanic.  Pricing was decent and also very straight forward.  No hidden surprises or call with a million other things that supposedly  have to be done.  Loved that.  Did the job, did it well and for a great price.  I will definitely recommend them!
5	The check engine light went on in the van.  I took it to the local Checker Auto and ran the code on it.  It mentioned something about a catalytic converter or something.  We braced ourselves for the worst, but to our surprise Ray called us with good news.  It was about half of what we were expecting.  We have been taking our cars here for the last 3 years.  As always, great service at reasonable prices.  I love how they inspect the car even for an oil change and take great care of my cars.  Will continue to come back again and again.
2	Ray took longer than he said originally and charged us more than we were quoted.
5	Great work, fair price, nice guy! Will go back everytime!!
1	I took my car into this shop for a brake job.  And the guy who ran it told me that I needed rotors and pads all the way around.  Now remember, this is a "discount auto repair".  He informs me that this is going to cost me $599, which includes an oil change.  Wow, I can get the parts for less than $100 at penny pincher auto.  So I told him that I couldn't afford $600 for a brake job, and just do the oil change and put it back together.  I go pick up the car, and what do you know, he charges me $75!  That's just for an oil change.  Once again, this is "DISCOUNT AUTO REPAIR".  I have never paid more than $40 for an oil change, never.  So this weekend I had a friend look at my car (he is an ASE certified master mechanic) and what do you know?  All I need are pads on the front of my car.   Basically a $30 part.  And lucky me, I almost get ripped off for $600.  Now I'm sure that I probably would have had new parts all the way around.  Basically a parts change.  For no apparent reason.  He must have thought he saw "stupid female" tattooed on my forehead.  Lucky me,  I am not a stupid female, and when I heard that outrageous price, I was smart enough to have it checked out.  Sure, I had to drive to Tucson for it, but it was certainly worth a $30 tank of gas.  And a $30 part.  Basically, if you go here, notwithstanding all the 5 star reviews, this guy may try to rip you off.  Because, without a doubt, he tried to do that with me.  I'm lucky I just walked away with my $75 oil change.
1	DO NOT TRUST PARROT AUTO REPAIR! Let me start off by saying that I am a very "happy hippie", and I am not easily angered and I do not lose my patience very easily... But this place truly tested my good spirits. I bought my best friends car, and was told that it needed a lower intake manifold gasket. He is close friends with a very reputable mechanic in Scottsdale, and he was the one who looked the car over and identified the necessary repair. Since I live in Mesa, I decided to take it to a closer mechanic to have it repaired. Upon my perusal of Yelp reviews, I came across Parrot Discount Auto. SInce it had so many 5 star reviews, I decided to call him. I talked to Ray (the owner) and told him what my vehicle needed. He then told me over the phone that it would cost $500 if it didn't need to have the manifold rewelded, and it would cost $800 if I needed to have that done. Since that was the cost that the initial mechanic estimated, I decided to have my vehicle towed to his shop. Once it was there, he looked it over and called me and left a message and asked me to call him back to discuss the estimate. I was confused since we had already discussed this, but I called him back anyway. He told me during this phone call that it would cost $800 to fix, and it may cost an additional $400 if it needed to be rewelded, but he wouldn't know that until he took the whole thing apart. He also told me that I would need to have an oil change done since it was leaking coolant, and that would cost $50. He said that he was giving me a free oil filter and free oil, so that reduced the cost to "only" $50. He also said that my engine was making a "knocking sound", and that I may need to have more engine work done after all of these repairs.... I asked him why the costs were inflated during this second discussion, and he responded by stating "I can't tell you why the cost is higher, I guess I just didn't think to consider how many hours of labor it would take." Um, what? He had told me over the first phone call he had performed this exact repair many times. I explained I was upset about the increased cost, and he then stated he would give me 10% off since I was a first time customer.... I was still bothered and perplexed, so I told him I would talk to my boyfriend and call him back.  I asked my boyfriend to call and to discuss this with him. When my boyfriend called, he then rambled on and gave him higher estimates than he gave me during both of my previous phone calls with him, and then he even made the statement "I wish I had written the estimate down." Seriously?!! I then called my friend who directed me to the reputable mechanic who made the initial diagnostic decree on the vehicle, and he said he knew of Parrot, and that he was not a mechanic that could be trusted. He referred me to someone closer to me that was reputable and honest, and so I called and discussed the situation with him. I decided to have my vehicle towed from Parrot Auto Repair to this new shop. I received a phone call from Ray stating that I needed to call him back and let him know when he should begin the repair, and that "the engine knocking noise was not getting any better"... He was actually driving the vehicle around the lot!! Mind you, I told him I had it pushed off my driveway because I knew it shouldn't be driven even a few feet... I was so upset, I immediately had the tow truck meet me at Parrot Auto Repair to have my vehicle towed. Once I got there, I walked into the office and the owner Ray was there. I told him I wanted my car keys and that I would not be having my vehicle repaired at his facility. He then scoffed at me, and said that I owed him money for diagnostics. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I was so outraged, I demanded that he hand over my keys or I was going to call the police. This guy is a complete bamboozler, and apparently thinks that he can just take money from people all the while performing questionable business practices. I told him that he had given me several different estimates, and that he had a lot of nerve trying to make me pay to have him tell me what I already knew was wrong with the vehicle in the first place. Long story short.... DO NOT trust this guy. And DO NOT trust his estimates, or his statements about what you need to have your vehicle fixed. I was so lucky to have this other mechanic look at my car, and fix the problem for hundreds less than he estimated, and they also said there was absolutely nothing else wrong with my car. They also said that anyone would have to change the oil regardless, and that should not be an increased cost for this repair. STEER CLEAR OF THIS PLACE! *Especially if you are a female, this guy apparently thinks he can take advantage of you*. I posted my experience on Facebook, and a friend came forward and said Ray had him pay $2k for a job that he didn't end up needing, and that he too got taken by this guy.
5	I used these guys for the 2nd time this week, and they did a great job again. An example of the service they give is that we were supposed to pick the car up by 5 PM on Friday and a situation came up where we couldn't get there.  Assuming they would just close shop we never called figuring we would pick it up Monday. When we got back we found two phone calls from Parrott letting us know that they were staying open in case we were late - they stayed until almost 6 just to make sure we could pick up the car.  The local Honda Dealership isn't going to do that for you....  This time the bill was negligible, but last time we came to them the problem was greater and the bill was higher, but it was fair for what they did (much less than a dealership).  This thanks is for going the extra mile on Friday for us even if we were not able to take advantage of it.
5	Ray took care of me last week when my car broke down and I didn't even have to leave my house. It turned out it was the fuel pump and the tow company was great and cheap! So then 1 week later my car didn't want to start again. This time it was the fuel gauge, the tank was empty bc the floating sensor wasn't properly hooked up. Now this wasn't parrot's fault nor my fault. But Ray assumed full responsibility and paid my ticket 100%. Thanks Ray, that's amazing customer service, his place is extremely affordable and I will be a longtime returning customer!
1	Called Parrott Discount and the man I talked to was very rude and arrogant. When calling an establishment that is dependant on word of mouth and customer referral one would hope that establishments main goal wasn't too insult and demean their potential customers over the phone by trying to make them feel stupid.
5	Pretty cool owner and staff.I had an emergency and I had drive to another state. I had to get an oil change ASAP, I went to yelp and looked up oil change, then called the the top rated shop near me. The owner picked up and I explained my situation, I was so glad they were able to take my car in such a short notice.  the staff performed all the required maintenance for my trip in about 30 minutes.
