4	We usually mark the Chinese new year by going in Chinatown and eating some Dim Sum. As you probably guess, we are not the only ones doing that and it can be a challenge to have seats in restaurants. This year, we decided to head to Brossard as there is now a larger Chinese community there than in Montreal's Chinatown.There is a few large Dim Sum places on bld Taschereau and we decided to try this lesser known one hoping there is going to be less wait. As expected, the place (quite large but not as much as some in Chinatown) was quite full, yet we were lucky enough to get a seat right away. Also, we noticed that there is quite a bit of turnover so people coming in didn't had to wait a lot either. The clientele was mostly Chinese and the servers did call out the Sim Sum choices in mandarin. Service was quite fast as there was a number of server passing by with Dim Sum selections and the choice have seemed better than other places in Montreal. It was quite good and prices were quite reasonable as well.An extra advantage of the suburb is free parking. All in all, we were happy to have come here for our Chinese New Year 2013, year of the snake.
4	This is a real chinese dim sum restaurant frequented by many asians and non asians like. It's always a full house on weekends.I last came here around the holiday season for a lunch out with the family - we arrived a bit too late, closer to 1 pm. They serve dim sum till 2, but the selection and service is lacking the later you arrive.If you've never been for a dim sum lunch, you'll immediately notice how hectic these places are, Jing Hua is no exception. Big tables and people everywhere, ladies pushing carts full of bamboo basket and food. If you don't know what to order, just ask for them to lift up the cover and try picking something you find appealing.I'm a big fan of all their shrimp dumplings, rice noodles and white radish patties. The food is delicious and authentic, really reminds me of my days back in Asia.It's a messy restaurant, not particularly appealing and the staff often speak very little english or french so be warned.
2	Dim sum: 3/5.Service: 1/5.The waiter probably wasn't even awake, and had a lazy attitude. The dim sum was good, but I really don't want to waste my time writing anything for this place, because it simply does not worth it.
1	Dim sum is ok in this restaurant, but we had a seafood package for a table of 10, every single dish taste very awful, Service is not professional, waiter has bad attitude, I will never go back to this restaurant again.
