4	This is our favorite pizza place in the area.  We drive from Waxhaw to Stallings just for this pizza...it's that good!  If you like New York style pizza, then this is not for you.  If you like a buttery crust of a medium thickness, fresh toppings, chewy cheese, and moderately spicy pepperoni then you should give it a try!  Their gyros, eggplant, hamburgers and Italian subs are also delicious.  I also can't say enough about how nice the owners are.  They are there on a daily basis and seem to have a genuine passion for what they do.  We love Athens!
5	Love the food and the service! Take the grandchildren there and they love it as well!
5	We have been eating here for years - and have never, ever been disappointed!  Their pizza crust has a wonderful flavor, unlike any I've had before.  Though I actually prefer a thinner crust, the flavor more than makes up for it.  Their crust isn't that thick - it's more like hand-tossed. They put a good amount of toppings on their pizzas - even the small pizzas!  As for salads:  I've only had their Antipasto - which I love - and which explains why I can't seem to venture out and try their other salads.  Their homemade italian-type dressing that comes with the Antipasto salad should be sold by the bottle!   They make a really good steak and cheese too, and though I love meditteranean food, I'm NOT a Gyro fan.  The lady (owner) persuaded me to give their gyro platter a try and I actually liked it.  Oh well, what can I say.  It was really good.
5	I love this place. Great pizza, all fresh ingredients, some unique and delicious Middle Eastern fare. I've eaten through the menu and have never had anything that wasn't wonderful.  Get to know the owners. They're genuinely kind people!
3	Athens has recently become my "local" pizza place since moving. We finally got around to trying it out last week! Was looking at the website and menu online, and first thing I noticed is this is not your average pizza joint. You mean I can get a pizza, a gyro, and baklava delivered to me? Yes please!Saw they had an online ordering system so we decided to give it a shot. After building an online profile, we placed our order and entered payment info. The webpage returned with an error, my wife reloaded the page (doh!) and we ended up with 2 pending charges on our card. We put in a phone call to Athens (which we should have just done from the beginning) after trying to explain what happened to the woman who answered the phone, we didn't get far with a slight language barrier. Were put on hold, and transferred to someone who spoke a bit more English. After a few minutes of explaining we realized the order had not gone through, but the charges had, they would be reversed, no big deal. After all that we placed our order, again, and waited for delivery! Pizza was pretty good, I really like the flavor and amount of sauce on the pizza, but personally I like a different style of crust. Their crust is a bit thicker, and buttery. I prefer a thinner crust! Still pretty good though! My wife had a gyro, thought it was pretty good! Nothing mind blowing, but solid. The prices can't be beat! Everything was very reasonable, and satisfying. We will be back for sure seeing as it is very close to the new house!
3	Pizza was pretty good. Antipasto could have been bigger and I wish it had more "stuff" in it.
2	We got a pizza from here months ago. The pizza tasted great - except for the sausage. I think it was bad. It didn't taste right and we both felt somewhat sick after eating it. I don't know if it was an off day for them or if this is a regular thing. The staff seemed really nice and the restaurant seemed really family friendly, so I feel bad giving a poor review. I will update in the future.
5	The Best Veggie pizza EVER. Also the Iranian food is excellent and very reasonably priced. This is my favorite restaurant in the Charlotte area.
3	Food: Very good restaurant. I actually came here for the Kabob (Persian food). It was really good, the meat is very tender and flavorful. Service: The owners and servers are all so sweet. Pricing: It was a little more expensive than I'm used to, about $10 for the dish.
5	Very nice place, and friendly staff. I go there whenever I can. The pizza is great and the kebabs are so delicious...One of the best places I had kebab in USA is in here.
1	Although the pizza is decent the way they treat there customers is appalling.  Every Saturday at noon a group of dancers frequent this establishment with an adult.  This week like all other weeks they are the only dinners in the place.  3 out of 6 are eating the other 3 are there with there bag lunches although they typically purchase just not this week.  The female "owner" tells them if they are not buying food they can't sit and stay in her restaurant.  Now I come from the old school of customer service you see this same group every week and this week three are not purchasing and you are going to be rude.  This is never OK to say to guests ever.  They are the only table in your restaurant on a Saturday lunch.  Good luck to you all but, I will not support a restaurant no matter how good your food is if you treat customers like this.  Still quite appalled at this behavior.
1	After ordering lunch for my wife and little sister, we waited for almost an hour before questioning what could be taking so long. We ordered some chicken tenders, a gyro, and another app. When we called an hour after placing or order to check on it, we were told in very broken English that our order was ready and the delivery guy had just left. ( I live about a mile from here) Another 30 minutes go by before i am livid and decide to start making lunch at home. Had my wife call and cancel the order seeing ass it was almost 2 hours after placing the order.15 minutes later the very loud and obnoxious owner/manager in a gold Nissan, can't forget the car all dented up, seeing as he pulled onto my front lawn. I say thanks but no thanks, he gives an excuse that they were getting ready for something the next day, that's why it took so long. Then don't tell me my food is on the way, don't lie to me. Then when asked to leave he refused, getting very loud and yelling. Thankfully my Stallings PD neighbor was out in his back yard, so the owner was asked to leave nicely by me 2x before i threatened to get my neighbor. I don't care what food they serve, that man is scary and I would never take anyone in that place.
2	Woooow, let me start with the good. The service was very good. Owner was friendly as well. The Italian hoagie was good, the chicken parm was frozen chicken fingers cut up and soaked in sauce. The spaghetti sauce was actually sour a little bit it made my eye twitch. The pizza we had was not good at all. The crust was below average and the pizza sauce had so much oregano in it and just no taste.
2	thought we'd give it a try after an article in the local paper describing the owners and their efforts here.  While the pizza was acceptable, the decor inside definitely needs a make-over, even for a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint.  A big turn-off was when the ceiling mounted air conditioner clicked on and spewed dark residue over our table.  yech!  Won't be back because of that.
3	Just out of town - actually just out of several towns, as the address is Matthews, but they are not far from Stallings, Indian Trail and Monroe - you'll find a tiny building that looks more like an oil change than anything else. Go inside and it looks like it used to be a Subway or some other sub shop. In fact, it might have been - the plastic seats are much like the chairs that reinforce that stereotype.Once you belly up to the counter, however, the menu is much different. The staff is friendly and will help you through the menu. Though it says "pizza" on the sign, you actually can order a variety of Greek, Italian, subs and pizza -so it works well for the family that has no idea what they want.Prices aren't bad either, and portions come out well-sized and fairly quickly, so it works well on a whim.The food itself is a nice change from delivery pizza, especially with the various options in addition to pizza, but it certainly isn't authentic. Nice for a change-up now and again, however.
4	I go there at least one a month and I always have a very good experience.  The owner are friendly and the customer service is always great.  If you trying to have a good Persian food come to this place.
5	The food is incredible!, Don't expect anything fancy.   I got the chicken Kabob,  it comes with zaffron rice and roasted tomatoes delish,  the Greek salad was very fresh specially the cheese, Gyros were flavorful Baklava excellent. I highly recommend this place.  I will be definitely be back.
