4	I've no idea who designed this building, but it's must be up there with some of the most ill-conceived designs in history. The huge dome roof helps to maintain greenhouse temperatures in summer and igloo temperatures in winter. Lucky, then, that it turns into one of the best festival venues during August.The Dome (Potterrow, for the rest of the year) plays host to a huge variety of shows - there's comedy, drama, music and dance. They get many of the top names - the shows are put on by the London based Pleasance theatre, and there's no shortage of quality. There's also bars, a festival version of the mosque kitchen (which you really shouldn't go to - as Alex C. says, the most is literally a minutes walk away and much cheaper) and lots of seating space. It's also open till 5am, and it's always nice walking home during daylight. 4* for the venue, 1* for the roof.
3	What a strange thing to see Potterow looking decent! It's so clean and doesn't smell of snake bite (cider + beer + black currant syrup for all y'all who don't know). There are little to no students wandering around and consequently feels way more peaceful and less annoying than it does during the year (I know, I seem to really dislike my kind). The EUSA shop and everything else seem to have disappeared behind a huge banner. It's the home of many different venue spaces numbered Dome 1, 2, etc (very original, I know). It's also quite confusingly named as the Pleasance Dome even though it's in Potterow, but maybe other people are just more informed than I am about the whereabouts of venues and the changing of names.
4	As an Edinburgh University student, Potterow, as it is known during the larger part of the year is probably my least favourite union building. For one, it lacks any architectural attributes (in my opinion) and is usually the coldest during the long winter months.Funny enough, I can still picture it as the perfect festival venue. That ridiculous dome can finally be put to good use! It's fantastic location-wise, because the other venues are very close by (Teviot, George Square Theatre) forming part of what I like to call the performance hub! I have to bow to the organizers and say it's really been transformed into an attractive venue.
4	Review for The Pleasance Dome - During the Edinburgh Fringe. This venue is one of the bigger ones. There is a real organised feel to it. They have a separate area for buying and picking up tickets. On the left they have a corner shop for your Fringe essentials, like water and snacks. We went to see a show on Saturday evening (August 2) - Shappi Khorsandi. As a last minute purchase we were quite surprised to still have tickets available for such a show. The show was good!The facilities of the Pleasance Dome during the Fringe are a little lacking. The toilets are always crowded. Again this is not surprising, but annoying nonetheless. The relax, dining and social area is great. It feels like an indoor park. Lots of wood and seating. I like it here, but as it is not somewhere I would visit outside of the Fringe it is difficult to imagine it  NOT busy.
