5	Clean.  Awesome and friendly employees. My wife got a hummingbird from Marcus and it is out of this world. I got an amazing coverup from Ruck (King Ruck).  He turned crappy Japanese letters into a complex and realistic looking lion head. Ruck also owns Black Spade and is going to be on the upcoming season of Ink Masters and his talent is ridiculous.  I definitely recommend Red Elephant to anyone that is wanting a great result at very reasonable rates. Vegas is a saturated market for tattoos, but these guys separate themselves from the pack!
5	This is such an amazing shop! All the artists are masters at their work! Everyone is super friendly. I have been tattooed by Chris and Ruck my hubby has been tattooed by them as well as Pelon and Marcus. You can not go wrong here! Forget flash on the wall, come get custom beautiful art done on your body by the very best in Las Vegas!!
5	I was on vacaton with my parents and i was looking for someone to do a cover up tattoo for me. My cover up was really dark so i was afraid it wouldnt look good, anyway, i went to a couple places on the strip and they seemed really iffy abouy doing my tattoo. When i finally walked into Red elephant the staff greeted us and right away asked if they could help. I told them what i wanted and Pelon hopped right up and started throwing out ideas knowing what could work. His confidence put me at ease and he drew up my tattoo right there and started working! Not only did my piece turn out gorgeous, but Pelon was amazing! My tattoo took 4 hours and he had me laughing and joking around, I felt like i had known the guys in the shop forever. My parents ended up getting tattoos there as well! Needless to say this shop not only provides AMAZING work, but the whole staff is friendly and fun. If you're looking for a clean shop that provides the best experience ever go to Red Elephant. Pelon would be my go to guy but they all do great.  This shop charges 100 dollars an hour which is awesome as well, other shops on the strip rape you with their costs, but this shop is very reasonable,especially with the quality of work that is done here. I will be back for my free touch up in a few monthes:-)
5	Popped in for my daughter to get a cover up while we were on vacation and I ended up getting an awesone tat by Chris he did a fantastic job the whole staff was like family, King Ruk even gave my wife a free bee tat she was scared but again the whole staff pitched in and made her feel at ease.... awesome. Shop we will be back
5	I searched for several months looking for not only the artist but the right atmosphere to get my ink done..... I was not disappointed when I walked in to Red Elephant..  From the greeting at the door through our first couple conversations, everyone had as much enthusiasm for my tattoo as I did.  You know you're in the perfect spot when the artists get excited over each and every line, shadow, color combination and story behind it.  Marcus has been amazing and patient..(thanks buddy).  I wouldn't go anywhere else.      Since I lack a creative process of my own I put concepts in Marcus's capable head and let him go.  All great artists at red elephant..  If you're on the fence about your ink,,, rest assured you won't regret visiting these guys.
5	So me and the wife went in to get tattoos and it was the best experience I've had yet. Artists were professional work was on point and atmosphere was great. Overall I'd recommend anyone to go there for a tattoo.
5	Read all the good reviews, saw the artist's work on FB, instagram, etc., & finally was able to walk in the shop. So glad we did! Pelon, Marcus, & Jen were so welcoming. Very nice & professional. I am a 50+ older, white, nerd-girl, and these guys treated me & my hubby like we were old friends :)Then there's the incredible artwork!!! Wow! Pelon worked with me & gave me a gorgeous koi! The koi of my dreams and more :) Pain? A little. Worth it? Hell yeah! Pelon is an exceptional artist & really knows his stuff. His art on the walls is like being in an art museum... So talented! So my advice? Just go to Red Elephant. They were freakin awesome!!!
5	Went in today with my wife to get matching ring tattoos. We didn't get our tattoos that day but planned on coming back. Jennifer saw we were dropped off by taxi and offered to give us a ride back. She was so sweet. Everyone there was great and made us feel comfortable. Awesome environment! Will be returning soon!!
5	Pelon did mine and my 2 sisters tattoos today and they are awesome! We told him what we wanted and he drew it perfectly. He even came in on his day off to do them since we aren't all local. Everyone at this shop is super cool and professional. I have had many tattoos at various shops around the county and this is, by far, my favorite. I will definitely return for more work and recommend them to everyone.
5	I went in today to get a tattoo with just a vague idea of what I wanted and ended up with a beautifully designed and perfectly executed tattoo. Pelon not only worked with me to draw up a design that was exactly what I wanted, but he even went above and beyond by driving me to and from downtown (I had originally walked into Black Spade, but they were busy for hours while there was no wait at Red Elephant). It was a great experience and I am so in love with my new tattoo. Definitely five stars.
5	I highly recommend this shop for anyone looking for good quality tattoo work. My husband And I have been traveling to Vegas from Colorado for over five years to have All of our ink work done by Ruck. He is an exceptionally talented Artist. This is a very professionally ran business.
