2	The experience I had today at Carrabas Italian Grill was worse than any other I had ever had here. First we placed our order online. We made a 20 kinute drive to the restaurant only to find out the carryout waitress had forgotten to write down our order! We then waites another 30 minutes while she tried to figure out what had happened instead of simply giving us our food so we could be on our way. Worst. Experience. Ever
5	I go here three times a week.   The service is airways excellent and the proprietor Serik really cares about his patrons.   The food is good Italian,  much better than u have found at the Olive Garden.   The bartenders are all incredibly friendly and they have a fantastic happy hour.
4	We hadn't been here in a while, but felt like some Italian.  So, we decided to head over and try it out again.  The last time, it wasn't that great.  Well, it looks like things have changed, as well as their menu!We started with the riccota and meatball flatbread appetizer.  It was so good, and the outside of it was really crispy, which I like.  We both got the caesar salad with our meals, and it was alright.  Mine was underdressed, and the croutons were practically non-existent.  But, since this was the only bit of green I was having in my meal, I ate it anyway.  The lettuce was fresh and crisp, and it did have a mild caesary flavor.The bread was warm and felt like it had just come out of the oven.  They serve it with a small plate of olive oil/seasonings for dipping.  It was very good!For my entree, I ordered the shrimp risotto.  It had a tomato based sauce and was really delicious.  There were a handful of shrimp in it, which I cut up and mixed in, so it seemed like more.  But, even without a piece of shrimp in every bite, I couldn't stop eating it.  My hubby ordered the chicken parmesan & ravioli parmesan combo.  He loved it!  The ravioli's were especially good, and served with a real thick and tasty tomato sauce.We were pretty full, but when asked if we wanted dessert, we gave in and ordered their chocolate dream.  It's a brownie (sliced in half) with chocolate mousse and whipped cream filling, drizzled over the top with chocolate sauce.  What's not to love about that???  It was decadent and delicious and we probably shouldn't have ordered it.  But, we split it, so it was practically fat-free...LOL!Over all, we had a really wonderful meal.  Our waitress was sweet and helpful (she recommended my hubby's meal), and even though she was running back and forth waiting tables, she always had a smile on her face.We definitely won't wait another few years to go back.  I think we'll add this to our list of places we'll be frequenting.
5	A few weeks ago, we had come here after a long time.  We decided to go again tonight, to see if the last time was a fluke, or they had really gotten that much better.  Well, the answer was...they really have gotten better!Tonight our server was Joel, who was friendly, attentive and quick to refill our ice teas.  For our appetizer, we got the zucchini fritte.  It was scrumptious!  The zucchini were cut in small strips, lightly breaded and seasoned, with an amazing garlic aioli dipping sauce.  We ate them like fries, they were so good!Our caesar salads were actually much better.  The last time, mine was underdressed and undercroutoned (if that isn't a word, it should be).  This time, it tasted like it should, and the parmesan on top was really wonderful.My hubby got the same thing he ordered last time (combo of chicken parmesan and fried ravioli), but instead of garlic mashed as his side, he went with fettucini alfredo.  He told me that it was even better than the last time he had it.  I decided to go a little lighter and ordered the wood-grilled chicken.  It was perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned and juicy.  My side was sauteed green beans, which were really flavorful.I decided to add the 5th star this time, since they outdid themselves with everything.
2	We have not been here for a few years and the last time it was quite good...things have definitely changed!  Overall the dining room was dirty, way too bright, just too many senior citizens (sorry)!  Then came the food...small portions, very salty, very prepackaged feeling, not good!  The server was overbearing and the overall value was poor.
5	We brought my step-daughter out here for her 17th birthday a few nights ago. It was fantastic. I am a little disappointed that they do not sing, but I understand the desire to keep the restaurant quiet for everyone else. :-) They did bring her a fantastic dessert, on the house, and our waitress was fantastic. I wish I remembered her name, but I was too distracted to pay much attention. The food was amazing, and my family that I dragged out who had never been to one before are now in love.
5	First time there today  had the best waiter  Joel they took care of everything app zucchini fritas awesome. Ceasar salad excellent my wife a personal chef had the lobster ravioli  she said was the best she has tasted  definitely going to be a regular now
4	Hadn't been to Carraba's in years and first time at this one. We called ahead and put ourselves on the wait list but when we arrived at 7:00 PM our table was ready. We were given water and menus right away and Cody greeted us soon after. Without apps, we a ordered our meals and drinks together. My wife ordered the Baked Salmon with garlic mashed pots and a glass of Chardonnay. Our daughter ordered the Sirloin with garlic mash plus champagne and her husband got the Chicken Trio,  garlic mash and a glass of merlot. I ordered the Chicken Trio, but subbed one type of chicken (prosecco for Marsala) with garlic mash. Our salads and soup arrived quickly. The soup (lentil sausage) was excellent, as recommended by our server. The salads were fresh, crisp, cold and portioned right. The meals arrived about 10 mins later. My trio got mixed up: they left the Marsala on the plate and took out the Chicken Maria. Too bad. The Prosecco Chicken was the highlight, with crispy coating, juicy insides and flavorful profile. The Chicken Bryan is always a fave of mine too. Cody did an excellent job with our table, refilling half-empty glasses, apologizing for the mistake with the Marsala and generally keeping up a good conversation. I planned on mentioning him to the manager but it was very busy and folks were waiting for our table by the time we were done.
