5	Wherever Eric goes, I will follow!  I'm highly particular about how my hair is cut, and for me, finding a great hair stylist is like trying to find a needle in a haystack! The biggest complaint I have about most hair stylists is that even though I explain in detail what I want, and bring pictures, the end result never seems to come close. I met Eric a couple of years ago, after a different stylist botched my daughter's hair. I had taken my daughter to some place I'd never been to before. She knew exactly what style she wanted and brought a picture with her. The stylist at the place apparently had no idea how to cut hair the way my daughter wanted it - it came out looking nothing like the photo. She even had the nerve to say that my daughter's hair was too thick for the cut to look like it did in the picture. Afterward, I could tell my daughter was disappointed, though she tried to hide it. I, however, was really angry. I took her straight to another salon I'd been to in the past to have it fixed. Eric was the stylist who fixed her hair. He stuck the picture on his mirror and spent an hour cutting, and came out exactly the way my daughter wanted it. She got many compliments on it at school.I've been going to Eric ever since. I get short, edgy cuts that require precision AND creativity. Not the kind that an average (or even a better than average) hairstylist can fake. Eric is a true pro, and an awesome person :)Thanks Eric - you rock!
5	Eric cut and styled my hair. Not only is he extremely talented and a very professional; he makes you comfortable and is fun to talk to! He helped me pick out a simple style that looks and feels great. Brittany colored my hair and it looks and feels fantastic! She is very knowledgeable and professional.  She helped me decide on a color that would cover my gray and require less frequent touch-ups. I enjoyed getting to know her and will never let anyone else color my hair.  The gray is gone!! They make a GREAT team and I would recommend both of them to all my family and friends.  Make your appointment NOW!!
5	ERIC is the best of the best!!!! He has been doing my hair for almost a decade! I've never had one complaint while in his care, ERIC has become part of my family! He not only cuts and colors my hair, he now does my family and my closest friends! If you want to meet an amazing stylist and put your hair in the best hands possible, I HIGHLY recommend you make an appointment with ERIC!
5	Eric and Brittany are fabulous!  I've been going to them for cuts and color for a while now and will follow them wherever they go!  Their skill set and friendly atmosphere make for a great afternoon at the salon!  I even recruited my husband and brother in law :)  Make an appointment, you'll never go anywhere else!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Brittany and Eric!! I can't tell you how many times I have asked Brittany last minute to squeeze me in and she does! She is so Knowledgeable about hair color and always tells me what will look good and I always leave feeling fabulous! She is super fast and efficient!! Getting your hair done with Brittany and Eric is a fun time and you know that you are in good hands.Eric is such a sweetheart and I do not want anyone else to cut my hair. I have a side-part and people always mess it up and cut it unevenly. Eric is awesome! I also have bangs that frequently are messed up too, but I have never had a problem with that either from Eric. ****If you want a great color & cut- you HAVE to come here!!!!!
5	I just got my hair done by Brittany here. She is amazing! I got my hair colored with highlights and a cut. She is amazing! I highly recommend Lucent Studios and Brittany for your stylist.
5	I would Eric a million stars :) love the way he does my hair and love him. Super fun hairstyles and take his time to make it prefect! I always get stopped and ask who does my hair! Brittany does my color and looks great and lasts forever. Thank you thank you. luv you guys
5	Eric is absolutely fantastic. The best. A master of hair. Et cetera. My first impressions were that he was fun to talk to and gave a wonderful scalp massage! But most importantly, he listened closely to all of my hair desires, took his time, and delivered the perfect cut! It is always nerve-wracking to find a good hair stylist after moving to a new city, but I am so happy that I found an AMAZING one in Eric at Lucent Studios!!!P.S. You get 20% off on your first visit, in case you had any reservations about booking your appointment! (I paid $40 for the cut and style.)
5	I'm writing this review because I recently moved to California and am missing J's styling terribly. First off, J's hair-cutting/styling skills are FLAWLESS. I left feeling gorgeous and not like I had just gotten a mom haircut from 1970 (which has happened more than I'm proud of at other salons). J's skills were especially highlighted when he cut my husband's hair a few times. My husband always left extremely satisfied and with an extra boost of confidence. Just yesterday we were talking about how Lucent Studios is one of the only reasons we miss Arizona. I would absolutely recommend J no matter what look you are going for. Plus, he's hilarious...but not in the typical bratty-hair-stylist-way.
5	I started going to J when I was about 17 (30 now!) when he worked at Toni & Guy and will follow him anywhere! I have had a lot of complex short cuts through the years and J is ALL about precision... he will literally spend hours on your hair making sure everything is right. My biggest recommendation is if you have short hair you do not want to go to ANYONE else! Your hair will look AMAZING and the cuts last a really long time (which is great when you have short hair)! J is a true artist too, I cannot count how many times I have set in his chair and told him "go for it" and the haircut being amazing. He isn't afraid to takes things in a different direction if he doesn't think a certain style will work for you too (face shape etc.), which we all can appreciate that! I am trying out the "longer hair thing" and still go to J. I leave with shiny- healthy looking hair and the best thing he will style my hair any way I want or he wants! J is awesome, has a great personality, super fun and great at what he does!
5	I chose Lucent Studios because of the reviews on Yelp & after going for almost 6 months I must say the reviews are honestly correct. I not only go to a salon for a great color and haircut I go for the experience., You know when you are spending that much time in a place it better be a nice atmosphere with great people and that is exactly what it is like going to Lucent Studios,Since I moved to AZ in 2012 I have tried 3 different stylists and I was just not happy with the end product or the experience after I left the salon but since I have been going to Lucent I have been extremely happy. Not only do I look forward to getting my hair done I also look forward to seeing Eric and Brittany.
