5	Who doesn't want fabulous skin and hair? This is not the most calm and beautifully decorated spa and salon but what great services. The facials are THE BEST! I am a spa girl and I am really impressed. I have had Margaret and Tammy both do facials and am equally impressed with both. Their individual rooms are quiet and clean. I also have Kelly Hill do my hair and she is the bomb. She does a Brazilian hair treatment that is just crazy. I never in my adult life remember having my hair feel so healthy! It also calms curl and frizz. Come on, no frizz is all good, right? I understand people drive from all over the valley for the waxing services. That is next on my list!
5	I went to Just For You to get a wax and I was SO nervous! I saw Tamye and she made me feel so comfortable.  I was pleasantly surprised at how painless it was.  She was so amazing and I'll definitely be back.  Thank you so much Tamye!!
5	All right, let's get something out of the way straight off: It's not easy for a man to decide that a) he could stand to have a bit less hair on his body, and b) a professional waxing might be the ticket.If you're that man, however, you can't get any better than Just For You. They have a whole section on their page dedicated to men's waxing, and their professional attitude removes any doubt you might have that you're doing something odd. Men are getting waxed en masse, like it or not. And why not?Sure it hurts, but they do great work, and your wife/gf/partner/whatever will love it. So get in there, you baby.
5	I asked a friend for directions to the place she gets her nails done and luckily I am not very good at directions and ended up here. From the moment you walk in you can tell this salon is filled with regulars. Everybody knows everybody! Desiree did my nails and I can't imagine going anywhere else. Everytime I leave I very happy with my services!
5	Top things that make this place so awesome:  The staff.  Everybody is super friendly.  You feel welcomed from the moment you walk in and there's plenty of goodies and drinks to keep you busy while you wait.  Although you rarely have to wait.  They are very good of being on schedule.The prices.  Bikini wax for $40?  Pu-shaw!! You'll never find this price at a hoity-toity spa.  Yet, the rooms are very relaxing.The service.  No matter who you get (if you don't already have a favorite), she will do an excellent job.  These women are well trained!  They have impeccable attention-to-detail and are good at minimizing any "discomfort" - waxes can hurt! Lastly, Loretta is usually around.  She's the owner and does everything from scheduling to waxing.  She is very down to earth and friendly.  You would never know she owns the place!You also get a discount on your first visit.  And if you're referred, that person gets a discount!One thing to note is that this place is usually pretty busy, especially on weekends.  So it behooves to you make an appointment.  But they'll out of their way to work you in if they can.Check it out.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Firstly, I am so excited to write a review on this place, which tells you many things. And let me also say I am so glad I came here above all the other ones in the area. I am writing in regards to getting a Brazilian wax that I just came from so I will briefly touch base on some key points that I think are of value before I forget! Okay. Upon entering, I was greeted by not only the receptionist but all the other staff whom also went out of their way to be super friendly towards me. I only waited a couple minutes before I was greeted by Silvia. Ahh, Silva. She took me to her room, which was extremely clean, zen-like, and comforting. She explained everything as she went along and was such a sweet woman. We had a great conversation, which was one that I would say she had a genuine interest in. By the time I realized it, maybe half an hour had gone by and she was thoroughly done. Her work was impeccable and I would definitely recommend her for everyone. And the discount for your first time there was a nice plus as well. The regular price for a Brazilian which is the most expensive of all the bikini wax styles comes out to $65. Not too bad for what you get, in my opinion.  Just go and pamper yourself. Many other service are offered as well!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about JFY?! I've hesitated to give them a review and rave about what a fantastic aesthetician Sylvia is for fear that people would discover this gem of a salon and I wouldn't be able to get my regular appointment. I realized, however, that JFY treats its customers like it treats its staff - as if we were family. They provide great service and take wonderful care of you. And, you have the luxury of knowing your stylist, manicurist or aesthetician won't be "here today, gone tomorrow." Most have worked there for several years.I'm one of many reviewers to give them 5 stars, and those are 5 well-deserved stars.
5	Just for You is a nice down to earth salon/spa.  They are not over the top with prices or unnecessary extravagance.  Crystal Kraft does my hair and does an amazing job keeping me blonde.  Jessie that works next to her is really nice too.  JFY has aesthetics rooms for facials and waxing.  I have not tried one of the facial or waxing services yet, but  may in the future.  They also do nails on the other side of the salon.  I recommend visiting Maryanne.  I have seen quite a few of the same faces in the salon for the last two years I have been going there.  That is reassuring in this field.  :)  I have also had the pleasure of meeting Loretta in passing.  She treats her employees and guests like family.  It is nice, cozy and professional.  I would highly recommend getting a service there.
2	I've been here once and I chose Nancy, because on the site, she had the most raved reviews. I'm never coming back. We texted back and forth so I could get a feel for the price and her experience. She said she charges $35-$80 depending on the complexity of the up-do...so I chose an easy yet elegant up-do for my formal affair. I would need the trial and then again for the day of. First of all, she showed up late to the appointment; about 15min. I brought with me the photo of a non-complicated up-do. She was going extremely slow....not just "taking her time." As she was chatting and rummaging around for her curling iron she kept mentioning her other services...which is fine but after I say not interested...its rude to keep pushing for it, and pushing for more. To say the least I was annoyed at this point, I came to relax and get my hair done not have a yappy salesman in my ear the whole time. She was also eating up time by starting out with putting the curling iron on the lowest setting, I could tell because when the curl hit my neck, it was barely warm! (My hair is noticeably thick and I was wearing extensions that day). She kept saying, I'll turn it up a little higher but if it doesn't work, under the heat with curlers you'll need to do. What?! I straighten my hair damn near every day without damaging or burning it...what was she up to? Then at the end of it all, I knew. When it came time to pay I asked her how much.....Well, come to find out she charges...BY THE HOUR, not by the up-do like she previously texted me. Even though she was late, even though she took her sweet ol' time, I didn't complain because I thought I was being charged for the complexity of the up-do. Even though she was late...she factored in that time too. So 2 hours. Yep, took her 2 hours and she charged me $80 for this trial! Because this up-do was so NOT complicated, my mother in law volunteered to do it for the day of and it came out way more beautiful, cost me nothing, and it took her 30 minutes! I was scammed by Nancy. I hope she reads this! Nancy, if customers want additional services, you only have to mention it once! Never lie to get a customer to get them in the door and then change everything when it comes time to pay to get the highest amount mentioned!
5	This is the only salon I will go to in the valley for waxing. I found JFY about 2 years ago and have been a fan ever since. I always make sure to see Heather (although I'm sure all the girls are great.) She is a fantastic esthetician and I am always so impressed with her work. I've never had a brow wax like the ones I get from her! The braz you can get here is amazing as well, totally worth it. They explain everything really well and make sure that you are comfortable. They pride themselves on a "no double dipping" rule and that is something I appreciate. The customer service is fantastic. Loretta, the owner, is always quick to get me on the schedule as I am typically guilty of needing a last minute appointment. I would highly recommend JFY and plan to be a loyal customer for a long time!
5	I had my hair done by Christine V. and she is the best.  I thought I had been getting a good haircut by other stylists (at high-price salons), but once I had my hair cut "the right way", it is a HUGE difference.  She knew exactly what would look good on me. She did highlights and my cut was freaking awesome!I think that this is the most compliments I have ever had on my hair.  Thank you, Christine!  I hope you read this b/c you are the best there is!
5	I love this salon!  All the positive reviews on here are 100% accurate!! It is wonderful! Loretta, the owner does my facials and she treats me like I  at the Royal Palms!  Tara Genger does my hair and she is wonderful!  She's the only stylist who has ever been able to blow dry my frizzy hair into a silky mane without using a flat iron! The whole place is busy all the time which tells you a little about how good it must be and it is open 7 days a week! Loretta, the owner is an aggressive go getter, in a great, positive way! I drive 45 minutes one way to go here, I probably pass 200 salon and spas on the way to JFY, but it is worth it!
5	Just For You is a terrific salon.  They just expanded, and are now one of the biggest salons in AZ.  Their staff and owners are awesome.  My stylist is Kara.  She's been doing my hair for almost 10 years!
5	Great place to care for yourself!
5	Whatever you do, please don't let the website misguide you.  Yes, it does need some updating but the services you receive inside the walls of this establishment make you forget all about it!  I go to Just for You simply to see Margaret, one of the skin care specialists.  She takes such wonderful care of you!  If you have had numerous estheticians work on your skin like I have, then you will absolutely appreciate the attention and treatments that Margaret provides.  The last time I was there, I told her the session was downright exquisite!  I felt so pampered and beautified so this was the perfect word to describe it!  And since it was 2 weeks before my wedding, it was just what I needed in the crazed frenzy of celebrating.  I look forward to future appointments with the other fabulous staff of Just for You and will be making my next appointment with Margaret sooner than later!  See you there!
5	Absolutely Amazing Service, Atmosphere and a great experience. I commend this to you as the Spa of Choice in the Phoenix Area!
5	Great place!  Martha is wonderful if you are looking for a new stylist!  She is the best I've found!
5	I love getting facials here!  Loretta is the owner and she is an amazing aesthetician.  She does a ton of other services as well and she is amazing at what she does.  She has removed skin tags, moles.  She is no nonsense and isnt trying to sell you a million products.  This is just the best place to go if you want treatment oriented skin care.
5	I got my hair done by this hairstylist named Krista, she did an amazing job. I have a difficult hair type, never had a good haircut till I met her. The service was great, the place was neat, and great discounts.
5	Don't let the outside or waiting area fool you. When you first enter the building the waiting room is loud and outdated, but once you're taken back to a spa room it's a whole new, relaxing atmosphere. I get facials performed by Heather, who is absolutely amazing. She is Heather feather hands as she has the softest, gentlest touch ever.  She also does waxing.  I've never left burnt or dissatisfied.  If you're looking for a truly amazing and relaxing experience at affordable prices....come see Heather!
1	Based on all the high reviews on Yelp I decided to give this place a try to have my eye brows waxed. The place was extremely outdated, I waited for 20 minutes before anyone helped me, and I just felt very uncomfortable being there. The lady who waxed my brows was pleasant enough but it doesn't make up for my terrible experience. When she was done I told her that my right eye brow looked a bit longer then the other and she insisted that the left brow looked longer, so she shortened it more!! She also asked if I ever break out after getting my brows waxed and I told her that I never do. She then put something on my brows to "help with my breaking out" even though I just told her that I never break out from waxing. Without asking she rubbed something onto the skin on and around my brows that smelled strongly of alcohol and started burning. I told her it was burning and her only reaction was "Oh...that's odd." She didn't attempt to wipe off whatever it was that she put on my skin. Once I got home and looked in the mirror I had to correct and shorten the right brow to match the left one that she messed up. Also within a couple hours for the first time EVER, after 15 years of getting my brows waxed, I started breaking out!!! So I had to apply coconut oil, lavender and tea tree essential oils to the areas for a week to heal the skin. I will never ever go back to this place and recommend you look else where for waxing. In addition, it isn't very professional to advertise on your website that the Brazilian waxing you offer includes "up the butt". Really? They couldn't have found a more professional and tactful way to say that?
5	This is the ONLY place I will go to for my hair.  Samantha has been doing my hair now for the last 12 years and I've followed her around from different salons and finally to here.  She does an awesome job and I always gets tons of compliments.
5	I've been coming here for years and have had three stylists at this business, but only one I've been coming to for a few years now and she does my hair as well as my sons.Very personable, serious interest in doing whatever it is that makes me happy.  I've referred her to many others inlcuding my sister-in-law and mother-in-law.My stylist has been there and available on the same day as my call.  In the past I've had to schedule weeks in advance.About the location:Nice and clean, plenty of stations for hair as well as nails.  Average level of noise.  Good location -but I have to say, I have a serious dislike for the parking lot.  Yeesh!This is kinda trivial but I actually like that my stylist offers me something to drink if I come in empty handed.  She even suggests I grab a bite if they have snacks out.She has become more like a friend than just a stylist too -and this is coming from a woman that was forever unhappy and unsatisfied by anyone that did my hair.She's introduced me to good products that work with my hair type and make the whole routine of doing my hair actually worth the time and effort.And of course the cut and style make a huge difference too.I would tell you her name but then I would have to kill ya.
5	It doesn't get any better than my stylist, Christine Davis...that's right, my stylist is better than your stylist! I've been getting my hair coiffed by Christine D. for going on years....yes, she has put up with my craziness forever! She is truly a hair genius. I've taken her high school photos and said, make my hair the color it was when I was a teenager and she's done it. When I was done being my former self and wanted the same color as the model on the cover of Vogue, again, no problem. When I've handed her pictures I've pulled out of magazines and said, "I want this blonde!", she has handed the pictures back and said, "You do understand that this model is a red-head, correct?"So, she is helpful without being insulting....I would have said to me...look you eegit, you'll get the hair color you look best in and shut up about it....Explains why I'm not a stylist, though I have a lot of ideas.  Besides being a fabulous colorist, Christine has given me great hair cuts, I might add I was showing her bad pics off my android of no-name actresses from the Oscars she had never heard of but she worked with it and I have a great 'do!  I go in for a weekly, yep, you got it a blow out on a weekly basis and it costs me a measly $25.00 for a full blow out and wash...So, I pretty look amazing all the time and I am a blonde, I checked with Christine!.
5	I had a massage with Carron Miller and I can't say enough about.  She consulted with me first and helped me to feel relaxed.  By the end of my session my shoulders and back felt amazing.  My mind was clear and I felt rejuvenated.  I would highly recommend Carron.  She's absolutely wonderful
5	WOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOO! excited to see my fave stylist is in TEMPE now!!!!Can't wait to step in and see her, very excited!!!! THX Aurora!!!!
5	When I think of this salon, I think clean, friendly and overall great!  I have been seeing Sylvia (esthetician) for a couple of years.  She is fast, efficient, friendly and knowledgeable.  I get my waxing done here and I recommend Sylvia to every one of my friends and family.  Call in advanced to get an appointment set and then they have a discount if you book for the next time in advanced.  There is a yelp check in deal for brazilian wax that is to die for... just sayin
5	Look no further for all of your waxing needs! Just ask for Sylvia and she'll take great care of you. She's really fast and talks to you through the whole process. If you book online, you'll get five dollars off. If you check in with Yelp and it's your first time, you'll save 50% on your first Brazilian wax there.
4	When I posted the review below, I immediately received an apology (also posted) from the owner of the salon.  Her apology seemed very sincere, and I am most appreciative. I don't believe that too many owners would do that. Thank you.This a very busy salon (even midweek, and midday), takingup several suites in a strip shopping center.  Too many styliststo count. As a new customer, I entered the salon into a very busy traffic path ofstylists and customers.  I stepped aside until I could move two feet to the frontdesk.  I informed the receptionist of my name, appt. time, and stylist. She said nothing - just pointed to the area behind me.  I wasn't exactly sure what my stylist looked like, so I asked the receptionist if she could let my stylist know that I had arrived. She told me that I could do it myself!!!  I walked over to the area she had pointed to, and found approximately 10 stylists all working on customers.  Still notsure what my stylist looked like (I am new), and seeing that they were ALL busy,I decided to take a seat and let my stylist find ME.   My stylist did eventually comeover, asked my name, introduced herself, and said she was running a little behind.While I waited 30 minutes after my appointment time, I was never offered anythingto drink (most salons ask if you would like water or something to drink).My stylist was EXCEPTIONALLY nice.  She spent the time asking me whatI wanted, and discussing various options.  Unfortunately, chairs in this salonare placed so close together, that a conversation with your stylist is overheardby many.  While this salon may appeal to many, it was simply not my style.  Too hectic.But, just about everyone walked out of the salon with beautiful hair!!
5	I have the pleasure of seeing Samanatha for my color and cut. She is phenomenal. She does a perfect job, every single time. She also saved me from myself and my unfortunate decision to go red. She took me back all the way to the perfect blonde. I wouldn't trust anyone else! I highly recommend her and Just for You.
5	I found this amazing place through Groupon and had my hair done with Jessica Flores. I don't color my hair or cut it too much except for the ends but I was feeling adventurous and decided to take advantage of the $69 cut, style and full head highlights. The salon is very clean and nice. I was immediately greeted and walked back to Jessica's station and offered refreshments and brownies while I waited for her to show. When she came in she introduced herself and was very friendly. She asked lots of questions to make sure she understood what I wanted and even looked through some books with me and went over different highlight styles and colors as well as suggested colors that would accentuate my skin tone. She also tried to make me more comfortable since I told her it was my first time getting highlights. She even offered me a hand massage while I waited for my color to set in!! The conversation throughout my service was pleasant. She didn't talk my ear off but wasn't awkwardly quiet. There really was nothing to complain about that I can think of. I have found my new hair salon and stylist! It's obvious she loves what she does for a living and making her clients happy is her top priority! Can't wait for my touch-up!
5	Getting a bikini wax is never enjoyable but Heather does an amazing job at making you feel as comfortable as possible and gets the job done quickly with as little discomfort as possible. I highly recommend her!!
1	This updated review is a direct reflection of the massage portion of my recent visit to Just For You.  My best friend was in town so we decided to treat ourselves to the Half Day Package. I provided this feedback and after a week, I have heard nothing.  I have amended some content due to character limits here:      I was so pleased with Heather's technique (during the facial portion of the appointment) and the session was a raging success from my perspective.  I was extremely relaxed when my facial was over and I was invited into the massage room by Allison.       As a Licensed Massage Therapist myself, I do have some expectations for a massage session and understand every therapist is different and no two sessions are the same. Unbeknownst to me, my best friend had already told Allison that I am a Licensed Massage Therapist; I did not share with Allison that I am a Licensed Massage Therapist myself and I did not know that she had already been told.  I did not want her to feel like I would be "testing" her in any way. With that in mind, I climbed onto the quite high massage table and settled in for what I was hoping would be a therapeutic session as "Allison specializes in stress reduction, sports massage, and relaxation massage."  I work two jobs and had not received bodywork in almost a year.       I can best summarize the session by sharing that Heather had a more therapeutic and relaxing touch than Allison did.  Allison talked for the first 10 minutes of what turned out to be a 45 minute (not an hour) session.  She seemed more interested in my main job title than in seeking feedback about her pressure.  Not wanting to jump the gun and to ensure I provided her ample time to check in regarding the pressure, I waited.  Allison proceeded to tell me by back was "loosening up nicely" which was not an accurate statement in the least.  Allison kept moving over an area that was tense due to a poor sleeping position days earlier, something had I mentioned mid-session, and instead of applying direct pressure to ease that tension, she caused soreness and inflammation with the repeated palpation of the site.  After having me move into a supine position, Allison proceeded to begin an abdominal massage that felt very awkward and insecure.  To successfully conduct an abdominal massage, a towel or cloth heavier than the sheet already on the body should be used over the chest so when the sheet is pulled toward the feet to expose the abdomen, the client does not feel exposed.  Ideally, a conversation would have been had with the client regarding the area as it is not typically an area of the body where most people are comfortable receiving bodywork.  I am trained and experienced in abdominal massage and I found myself questioning what was happening before I realized that abdominal work was next.  Courtney shared with me that she, too, had felt awkward during this part of the session as she felt like she was just having her stomach rubbed and didn't really understand the purpose of the technique.  She also shared that she had asked Allison for more pressure during her session and Allison complied, providing more pressure for about a minute and then resuming her previous technique.         To make matters more awkward, when we were at the front desk waiting to pay for our services, Allison stood there waiting for payment.  Heather and the other staff member at the desk were on the phone and Courtney and I were happy to wait for them to finish.  Allison even made mention that she didn't know how to finalize the payment portion of the visit but then attempted anyway, losing patience with the two servicing the clients on the phone.  When she was able, Heather apologized for the wait and we honestly had no issue waiting our turn.  When Allison decided to conduct the payment collection herself, I explained to her that we had had a package session that day.  She then gave us the total of $139 when the package price was $135.  I corrected her, even showing her the package I had already mentioned in the brochure, and she accepted our payments for $135.  It was only when it came time for us to add our tips and sign our receipts that Allison seemed to have an interest in our sessions and how we were feeling.  At that point, I just wanted to leave.  I was so utterly disappointed and honestly felt like I had wasted the money that paid for the massage portion of the package as there was nothing relaxing or therapeutic about what transpired during that session.  As we were leaving, Allison reminded us to "drink lots of water" and I thought to myself, "For what?"  She didn't do anything that promoted a need for water in addition to what I already consume.      I wanted to bring my experience to your attention as I truly feel that, although her technique may be appreciated by some, it has confirmed that I will not be booking another massage session at Just For You.
5	Full disclosure: Kari is my mom. She has been doing my hair for 34 years - everything from flattops to bowl cuts to highlights to pompadours. But haircuts are just the beginning. She's a master with colors and extensions. There's really nothing she can't do.
3	Called for a same day appt for a quick brow wax. Was able to get in within the hour. Parking is a bit tight since it's near garcias.Walked in and was taken to a back room for the wax. I realize it's been a while since I've had an actual salon wax. The person I usually go to is hard to get a last minute appt with. My work schedule and life schedule prevents me from being able to plan to far I told the lady doing my wax I just needed them cleaned up and some shaping. Some comments made about them were not appreciated. She did a fine job although less than a week later I've had to Pluck some stray hairs. Would I go back? NoWould I recommend? Probably not
4	I recently went for my makeup trial with Heather Dawson who is super gifted and made me feel very relaxed and beautiful!  The reason I gave 4 stars was because we had to do the makeup session in the waxing room.  The salon should provide Heather with a larger space for makeup appointments! Other than that no complaints and I am so excited for her to do the makeup on my big day!
1	I tried to book an appointment for a hair cut and a fade color on the tips with one of their stylists. I texted the stylist a pic of my hair and a pic of the cut I wanted and asked about what day/time is the latest that I can be accommodated. I also inquired about the cost involved (ive had the SAME haircut with virgin hair ALL MY LIFE). I get a text back (5 hour later) telling me to go elsehwhere. Thanks for Living up to your name. "Just for me" my foot.RESPONSE: Thanks for letting me know that the salon's independent contractors can do as they wish. I fail to see how complaining to the owner personally (after business hours) would really matter since its not as if they are employees. I did not have a scheduled apt, just TRIED to schedule one. Since the stylists are independent, they are free to do and act as they wish so a mediator is not really necessary. I just wish to share with the yelp community how I was treated.
5	I've been getting my hair done by Linda Campbell for 14 yrs now. I lost her for a short time and was so excited to find her again at Just For You Salon & Spa. My hair is so much happier with her in my life! :) I always get compliments on my hair when she does it. I'm a dishwater blonde naturally (which I never liked), so she has always done my hair exactly how I like it. Brighter blonde with darker undertones. Very natural looking. She is a master colorist. When I found her again, she rescued my hair from complete color disaster! She is always very accommodating on getting me in when I need a touch up or trim, and if I wanted to do anything more trendy, she is the only one I would let touch my hair! I see hot pink in my future ;)The salon itself is open and friendly. I've never seen anyone else there for services, but it doesn't have that catty, stuffy vibe that a lot of other salons have when you walk in the door. It has a nice open floor plan, and it's very easy to get to right off McClintock and Warner. Personally, I wouldn't see anyone again but Linda, but if she's not available, I'm sure any of the other stylists would take great care of you. I always watch other people getting their hair done while I'm getting mine done...everyone always looks better walking out than when they walked in!!!
