4	I recently visited the nailport express salon, which is comfortably small with several manicure tables and personal massage chairs (for pedicures). I was helped by a kind lady named Kim. I was very satisfied with my mani pedi and eyebrow waxing. First of all, I tend to stay away from spending money on a single pampering at a time. I would rather buy my own supplies at half the price and use them whenever I want. In this instance I felt it was worth it. The price was given to me before i began, and was extremely reasonable (35 for the combo and just 8 for the wax). The experience itself included a massage, moisturizing treatment, and the luxury of doing nothing. Another plus for me was the fact that this place was extremely sanitary. Kim had clean gloves before we started and washed each piece of equipment that was used. Her routine was very professional in that she used her time wisely, focusing on me when it was time and as I washed my hands or moved from one station to the next, she would swiftly clean. It was just a smooth process overall.Lastly, these women were on their straight hustle game, asking for me to upgrade my services. Good business for them because I finally agreed to an eyebrow wax which upped her tip. Only issue was I had some leftover wax on my eyebrow that I didn't notice until I got in the car. Other than that everything was good, especially because I felt like I was only made fun of once.
4	Prices are awesome and cheaper than the competition ($20 for shellac manicure). They follow sanitation guidelines and clean with the proper disinfectant instead of a mystery spray. All tools are sanitized as well. Super excited for a germ worried girl like me. Pedicure was great, super relaxed, staff is polite and accommodating. It's located in the Tega Cay Walmart  which was a little off putting for me. Where I am originally from, anything Walmart associated is always a little sketchy. They were busy and happy relaxed people were leaving, so I asked the cashier about it and she told me that they were always busy. So glad I asked.
4	Very friendly & clean. I'm not one to get my nails done professionally and so I am unsure of exactly what I want. It's hard to understand what I want & how much it cost because them saying sit down, I take care of you doesn't exactly inform me of the financial outcome. Basically I was disappointed because my nails look like I could of painted them at home. They look nice & maybe that's how it is supposed to go when getting your nails done. I want something I can't do myself & they didn't come through on that. Just so so, not impressed.
