5	They did a fantastic job on our teeny backyard! Great price and gave us new sprinklers. Did the job when they said they would and did a great clean up.
1	The mark of a great business is when they continue to provide good service even after something has gone wrong.  VIP Landscaping is NOT a good business.When we had our backyard done by Andrew at VIP we were worried that some of the plants wouldn't make it through the winter which was beyond the 90 day warranty.  Andrew assured us that if a couple didn't make it they would come out and replace them, no problem.  We recently discovered that indeed 3 plants didn't make it and called Andrew.  Long story short, he lied to us about replacing them and blew us off....business must be good if you can blow off a customer over a couple bucks.  The rock they installed in the backyard wasn't the kind we picked and the trees/plants they planted were less than stellar.  In hindsight we should have gone with them to pick them all out.  Two of the plants they installed were so paltry that I had to dig them up and put them together to make one decent plant (still doesn't look great).Also the border around our synthetic grass is coming apart but I'm not about to call after the "service" we got the last time we spoke with Andrew.  I'll fix it myself like I have with everything else.In short I would never consider doing business with these people again.  Terrible experience.  Save yourself from the lies and meager service/products and go elsewhere.Thanks for nothing Andrew!!!
5	I'm happy to report that I have good news regarding my review about VIP Landscaping.  The owner Wes contacted me after seeing my review and was genuinely concerned with my issues.  We scheduled a time for him to come out and review the yard and my concerns.  He was very polite, listened to what I had to say and was intent on fixing the problem.  While he was here he even took the time to show me how to prune our trees in the front of the house!The fix was no small feat as he actually had all of the old rock removed and replaced with the rock I wanted in the first place as well as installing a paver boarder around the synthetic grass for free.  I was impressed with his willingness to correct my issues so I had him install my paver walkway (which he gave me a very fair price on). In short the yard looks how I envisioned it to be before I had the work done the first time and we are very happy with the results.  Wes has truly changed my feelings about VIP Landscaping and I wont hesitate to refer them them from now on.Thank you Wes for being a stand up business owner, the yard looks great now!
5	Wes and VIP Landscaping did a fantastic job on my investment rental property's back yard. I hired them to install a paver patio, patio cover, and xeriscaped back yard. I am an out of state landlord so I was nervous about hiring a landscaper. Wes quickly calmed my fear with his prompt responses and quotes. When the actual job started Wes emailed me daily pictures showing the progress of the work. They were also able to fit me in quickly during their busy fall season. Wes was quick to address the few minor issues we had along the process. I would definitely hire VIP Landscaping again.
5	Andrew from VIP Landscaping has been great to work with. We have gone through quite a few quotes and VIP had the best quote but also the nicest selection on plants, materials and rock. I would recommend them to any of our family or friends.
