2	Jerry's has an average selection for a store this size (though not great), and they carry the staples.  Their beer selection is the highlight of their shop, and it's actually pretty good.  The downside?  Good god do they charge a lot!  I don't know if I've ever seen higher prices on booze outside of a hotel gift shop.  For example, I killed off my friend's Anchor Steam beer one night, and so the next day I figured I'd better replenish his supply.  I was in a huge hurry and Jerry's was on the way to where I was going, and so I stopped in.  The upside?  They had the beer (it's not that uncommon a beer).  The downside?  It was like twelve bucks.  That same six pack will be eight or nine dollars elsewhere.  Considering how accessible beer and liquor are in Arizona, there are plenty of alternatives if you drive an extra two minutes.  Go to the grocery store or one of several other nearby liquor stores and go easy on your wallet.
2	Bought the half-price groupon for this place.  Except their prices are nearly double a normal store price.  Not really a deal, and poor selection.
1	Worst.experience.ever.I totally agree with Lou on this...totally overpriced and crappy selection. I also bought a Groupon here and also felt like I didn't get a deal at all because the prices were so high. They didn't even have Malibu Red?! Which I have been wanting to try for awhile now.I also felt skeeved out by the location. Like, I fully expected to see racks of porn when I walked in (thanks heavens I did not). And they bag their stuff in black garbage like bags, probably for the purpose of concealment. Obviously this place is for the clueless binge drinking college student.The customer service was awful. When I asked about a particular vodka, the guy behind the counter condescendingly responded that he only drinks top shelf so he wouldn't know, snicker. Really? Apparently only the best for the dude in the stained t-shirt and a fu man chu. Plus, he could clearly see my husband and I were having trouble making a decision - no offer to help us out, no recommendations. And they either didn't carry what I wanted, or were out of it.Ugh. Awful. I will never go back. People, stick with Total Wine.
5	Great selection of liquor and beer and great service love the drive through. Prices may be high but is due to the fact of location. Bough the groupon for this will definitely be back in
2	Growing up in Tempe I always thought this was THE liquor store, mind you as a kid riding in the back seat of my parents station wagon. They had the flashing lights on their sign, the awesome location, a drive through so you don't even have to get up out your car to get that bottle surrounded by a black plastic bag. Well when I became of age to purchase legally, I realized there is no reason to drive past 30 liquor stores (aka 4 miles in Tempe) to get to this one so I never went. Groupon enticed me in with their $20 for $40 deal on liquor. I finally went in and used it the other day and pretty much disappointment for a liquor store. These guys will be a-okay because they practically on the ASU campus, people will drive through on the way to a football game to grab their drinks, and again, ASU.If you have a bit more time, go elsewhere because I felt like I was buying liquor in the lobby of a Las Vegas hotel with these prices. Otherwise, location, location, location.
3	Well, never been to a drive-in liquor store as we don't have those in Indiana...so needless to say this was a different experience for me. My friend and I decided to try it out since I was visiting to help her move back, so I doubt if I'll be back to the desert...yeah sorry. So we drove up and the man working was helpful. I told him I wanted a sweet white wine (yes I know, but it was hot and I wasn't going for something of quality!) and he brought back three selections for me to choose from. I will say I was definitely surprised at the price. I got a cheap bottle for under $10 and it was good, but he suggested the Barefoot at a whopping $15?! Say what?! I can buy that in Indy for at least half the price. Hence why I went with the cheap unknown wine and it worked. So I wouldn't suggest this place if you're really wanting to look around and want a good quality liquor, beer or wine. But it was worth the experience and the man was helpful, hence the 3 stars!
3	It's a drive thru liquor store.  What can be wrong with that?  Absolutely nothing!  Except for the inflated prices, which some of the other reviews mentioned.
1	Once saw one of their employees swing a keg tap at a customer's face. The employee appeared to stop the swing before it hit the guy. I have friends in the beverage industry, and thus I have sympathy for people who deal with alcoholics for a living....the sympathy ends when it comes to swinging a keg tap at someone's head.Obviously never went back here. Hopefully their Yelp reviews cost them in liquor sales as much as lawsuits might have cost them in court. Go somewhere else.
1	Besides being ridiculously rude, they have very inflated prices. If you are near it and have no other options that's the only time I'd recommend them. Even then I'd say walk the distance to the Safeway down the street.
1	Undercover police officers hang out in the store and harass you regarding the validity of your driver's license (and this happens AFTER you have your id scanned by the clerk). I had an experience the other night that took up 25 minutes of my time, which is absolutely unacceptable. In addition to this, the prices are ridiculously high. They charged $55 dollars for a handle of Jameson which can be purchased at costco for $38 dollars. My advice? Stay as far away from this place as humanly possible. Signed,An irritated customer that is of age to purchase and consume alcoholic beverages
3	People shop here for convenience. Not because it is the nicest store in town, or that is has the greatest selection, or best price for that matter. It is close to campus and that is enough for some people. Also as long as one person in the car is 21 they don't mind selling them the booze. It's every college kid's dream to live this close to a liquor store like Jerry's. And damn is that old school sign out front cool.I cannot comment on all these reviews commenting on violent and belligerent employees. Go through the drive thru next time. They might even ask you if you want paper or plastic, but don't count on it...
