5	I loves me a good Chipotle burrito! Steak, chicken, you name it! This location is relatively new and is comparable to any other Chipotle in their food quality (just as a chains are supposed to be, right?) and interior style. One especially nice thing about this location is that it's in a small strip mall (with a Starbucks, Coldstone, Ono Hawaiian Grill, Subway, Panda Express), so in case you're with someone who might not love the Chipotle as much as I do, they can find somewhere to grab food and you can eat outdoors on the patio. :)
5	wow is all I can say!!!  My husband and I were out on a date night last night, neither one of us had ever eaten ate Chipotle, but have heard wonderful things about the food. I walked in and   told the girl up front that  "I've never eaten here before", and that fast the guy (micheal) from the back gladly walked me through the" how to's" in  ordering at chipotle's (which isn't complicated, but having never been there before,very helpful) .  Having my own business I was so happy with the customer service he gave us. It was so unexpected, yet so very appreciated. Thanks Micheal.
4	Sometimes I have major cravings for Chipotle and it really hits the spot.Favorites:Burrito bowl: Rice, fajitas, steak or barbacoa, pico de gallo, corn, lettuce (sometimes when I want extra spice, the hot salsa also)Taco: Fajitas, steak or barbacoa, pico de gallo, corn, lettuce (and sometimes hot salsa)Guacamole either on my burrito bowl, or separately with chips.
5	We came here since we were at the airport right by. This is a smaller Chipotle but it was sooooooo clean and the service was great!Plus I'm always a fan of chipotles and this one definitely represents the company in a great way!Yum!
5	Chipotle, I love you. I feel guilty and rush to your defense when others pt you in the fast food groupie. You are much more than that. I crave you and will happily enjoy your delicacies 7 days a week. You give me a lot of options and I appreciate that. Your recent brown rice option, well words can't do it justice. No one gets me the way you do is all I can say. In a time where everything is coming from far off lands loaded with antibiotics and hormones, you give me guilt free beef and produce that is local. Thank you. I heart you.
5	Perfect burritos, polite staff with a couple cuties working here.  I love Chipotle!
4	There isnt much to say except that everything is great! My favorite is a barbacoa salad, brown rice, black beans, pico salsa, tomato salsa, sour cream and cheese! I say keep coming back and try new things!
5	Full disclosure: I love Chipotle. If they paid well I would work there just so I could eat it everyday. That being said, this particular location is great, and serving sizes (on meat) is usually more than others. Love it!
5	i keep waiting to get sick of this place because i eat here so much.... hasnt happened and i dont think i will.
4	Chipotle is great for quick, reasonably priced, and consistent food. They were one of the first around to offer healthy food and we still like it. Occasionally you get one that's out of their regular chicken or beef and that's the only reason they don't get five stars.
2	If you LOVE beans and and rice and HATE meat... You'll absolutely love this Chipolte!!It's become ridiculous over the past few months.. this location has become consistent w not giving u practically any meat.
1	Don't bother calling in an order if you happen to need it to be gluten free. The person that takes the order is highly unlikely to follow protocol. I proved it today walking in early to pick up my order and no one changed gloves or changed out the cheese or lettuce. Yet it wasn't marked on the order as a GF bowl. People have no idea how sick one can get from cross contamination. Most don't care. It's Disturbing.
4	Oh how I love my burrito bowl.  Service is great here and the food taste the same at every location in the valley.  I'm glad thy finally opened one of these close to home at the santan mall.
2	I LOVE chipotle. Chipotle is my life. But when I came to this chipotle I was sadly disappointed. One of the ladies who was working the end of the line literally threw everything on the burrito so sloppily and was the most careless wrapper I've ever seen. I know they're always in a rush at chipotle but this chick was moving at the speed of light. She made My friend's burrito and not only did it rip from her carelessness but it was half the size of ours. She ended up asking them to remake it which in they replied "you could have just asked for extra." But we weren't planning to pay double for what we should be getting... Plus the prices rose crazy here. $7.20 for Barbacoa and steak!? Idk if it's just this one or all the other chipotles but it's crazy that the prices jumped so high. I WOULD HIGHLY SUGGEST GOING TO THE ONE IN SAN TAN. it's worth the distance they are far better an way more consistent!!
3	The 3 stars is for the food! I love Chipotle and eat here often, different locations, but se great food. We order salads, quesadillas, and burritos. I'm giving this review 3 stars for the location. The location was clean and served the same good food to be expected at any Chipotle location but.... The service here was rude on our visit yesterday. My brother in law went in with 6 orders and the employees rolled their  eyes and complained to him. The orders were not complicated. I just think it really puts a bad taste in your mouth when the employees are rude to your face.
1	I love Chipotle, but every time I eat at this location, I swear I'll never be back. The employees are so inattentive and sloppy. Today, I showed up right at opening time and they were scrambling around trying to finish things that should've been ready before opening. They didn't have brown rice. The employee said it would be 20 minutes until they had it. What the F is that?!  It's not like they ran out. The had just opened. That's just poor preparation, which isn't surprising based on my previous experiences at this location. From now on I'll just drive a little further and eat at the Chipotle in San Tan Village.
