5	While the Maryvale Stadium may be burdened with a location that most would be afraid to venture into, it stands out as the crown jewel of the Maryvale neighborhood and is, by far, the best stadium in the city of Phoenix.Getting to Maryvale is a bit of a task.  It is on 51st Ave, just south of Indian School.  The easiest way to reach it is by taking I-10 to 59th Ave, go North, and turn right on Osborn.  There is free parking next to the apartment complex.  It may not seem safe but I have never seen any broken glass and my car is always un-touched.  It is worth the risk because the parking lot off 51st Ave is a nightmare.The Milwaukee Brewers play in Maryvale and their fan-friendly attitude extends here in Maryvale.  The practice fields are all open for the public to mingle with the players.  The players must walk through the parking lot, past the front gate, to get to the clubhouse.  This gives fans an up close and personal experience that they would never find at a Major League facility.  The seating in Maryvale is also the best in the Cactus League.  The entire seating bowl is below street level and is covered with canopies.  The third base line is shaded for almost the entire game and most of the first base side is too.  The grass seats extend down the lines and wraps around the outfield.  All of the seats are close and most have decent spacing.The food selection is great.  Not only do they offer each of the sausages featured in the Sausage Race (Hot Dog, Polish, Brat, Italian, Chorizo) but they also have sauerkraut.  They are the ONLY stadium that has sauerkraut.  There are also independent food vendors.  Make sure you try the kettle korn (free samples are always offered) because it is the best in the Cactus League.  There is usually a BBQ place and a Yakisoba Noodle stand that cannot be beat.  Beers are primarily Miller brand but they do have a handful of imports.The fan friendly experience is what makes this park stand out.  Tshirts and other giveaways are usually tossed to fans from the first base dugout every couple of innings.  The Sausage Race always takes place during the top of the 7th.  They sing Roll Out The Barrel after Take Me Out To The Ballgame.  Even Bob Uecker makes the trip and sits in the booth calling the game.  Maryvale is surely a stadium that could turn you into a Brewers fan and could make anyone a baseball fan.  Once you are inside, you forget that you are in Maryvale.  Take a chance on this place and you will not be sorry.
5	What a great park!  I went to my first Spring Training game yesterday (the Brewers were playing the Dodgers) and had a great time.  The park is small enough so that wherever you sit, you have a great view.  You may even be able to snag an autograph or two!  The atmosphere is very friendly all around.  Lots of food choices and Brewer souvenir stands.  You do have to drive through a crappy neighborhood to get there, but the parking inside is plentiful (with lots of BBQ's going on) and felt very safe.
5	Went to the Brewers/Mariners game on Monday and had a blast. Bought my tickets on online....and somehow ended up getting 2nd row right behind the Brewers dugout. Way cool. For a small ballpark it has a lot of concession stands and lots of restrooms.....granted I went on a Monday afternoon but it's the only time I've NEVER seen a line outside a women's restroom at a sporting event.Parking was $6 but the lot is just a short walk from the main gate.Loved how the announcers mentioned it was 37 degrees in Milwaukee at game time. (And loved that the Brewers won a great game, too!!!)If you're a Brewers fan or a fan of the team they're playing, I highly recommend going. You'll have a great time.
4	We ventured to Maryvale twice during our Spring Training adventures.  It was #1 and #5 of our 6 games last week, seeing the Brewers play the Rangers and A's respectively.  And yes, I too have not seen that many bathrooms in one place either. It is something to be commented on.  We bought bleacher seats the first game but wandered around and sat on the grass on both sides of the stadium. The second game we bought lawn seats but sat toward the end of the bleachers near the third base bull pen.  The attendants didn't look at tickets, unless of course you were trying to sit behind home plate.  That might change as more fans make their way to Maryvale. They bring out the Sausage Race before the 7th inning stretch and have the sausages available for autographs after the race in right field.  I'd only ever seen them in the highlight reels, so it was fun! Be sure to get there quickly though, the volunteers will cut off the line because, as we were told, "They can't stay in those suits all day!" We even saw one of Brewers hit a home run right through the open square in the hitter's wall in center field.  Hoped he would get an extra point or at least win a stuffed animal as he crossed home plate.  Beer selection is minimal and food is pretty basic, although there is a BBQ stand in the patio behind home plate along with funnel cake and kettle corn.
5	We watched the A's play the Brewers this past Saturday while visiting the Phoenix area.  What a beautiful ball field.  Great seat prices, reasonable concessions.  We really loved this baseball park.
4	Ok, I have to say, I really like this stadium. I had been out here on one of the side fields for the MSBL games in October, but never walked over and saw the Stadium at all. This stadium is in a not so great part of town. Not much around here, so our breakfast plans before the game had to be in an area en route. Its all good. We found a good little spot to eat and did not have to go too far off the path. The parking here is also $6. Gee. Cant make it a nice round $5 huh? The lot does not even justify the extra buck. But, maybe the stadium does. We got a pretty good parking spot, since we arrived a little early. We hoped to catch some warm up and batting practice. We arrived just in time to see the Brewers walking from the side fields to the stadium. Just as casual as ever, they walk among the fans toward their back entrance. Cool. We got a kick out of the guys walking with gloves on their heads to keep their hands free for autographs and admired the time they spent giving them. Being A's fans we were just looking for a good game between the Brewers and the Royals. And we were not disappointed. It was a good game. We entered the stadium and right away I commented on how fresh and new it seemed. A nice arbor type covering goes around the walkway areas to protect from the AZ sun. Lots of vendors, both stadium wise and outside with creative food items. Margarita vendors. Kettle corn (regular and chocolate). Mexican food. Etc. The seating is bucket seats and bleachers, but all new (no splinters). There are grass areas in the outfield and deep on the 1st base line side (which falls in the shade after several innings). Bring a blanket and plan on sitting on this side, but get here early to stake out your spot. This seemed to be a good foul ball spot too, so have your glove handy. The bullpen on the 1st and 3rd base sides are below the grass and seating allowing people to stand very close to the pitchers and watch their mastery. Be prepared, those of you who do not know the Brewers traditions, that there will likely be a SAUSAGE RACE!!!! From the 1st base by the bull pen all the way to home plate, the 5 giant sausages race. This is a hilarious thing to see. These costumes are so top heavy and come down so far, there really is no grace to this race. In ours, the hot dog won. Afterward, all the sausages posed for pictures and autographs by the main gate. Perfect for the kids and those of us out-of-towners that were in awe of their racing skills. The stadium is really quite clean and nicely done and there is no bad seat in the house. And, I agree with Jeff L, LOTS of bathrooms. I was pleasantly surprised that there were a TON of stalls in the ladies room. Many more than any other stadium I have been too. Maybe this park was designed by a lady? It is practical and stylish.......It is among the top couple stadiums on my list!
4	I went to buy my tickets today for the Brewers/White Sox game on Sunday. This is the 3rd spring training facility i have been to since moving to AZ. Like one of the other yelpers said it is not in a great neighborhood ( right off Indian School and 51st Ave) but the ballpark is very nice and true there are plenty of vendors and bathrooms at this place. The young man who sold me my tickets let me go inside the stadium because it was open to the public today even though there was no game. I got a chance to take some cool pictures without all of the people being in there...and i even got some cool shot of the dugouts and bullpens. The stadium only hold about 7000 but it has plenty of room on the lawn...i think they have about 4 lawn areas and those tickets are  only 8 bucks. Matter of fact they have the cheapest ticket prices i have seen yet because they only have 4 price ranges...8, 12, 16, and 21 for the best seats. I bought i 21.00 seat because it put me 3 rows behind the white sox dugout and i am in the aisle seat...easy in and easy out.So i hope to get Ozzie Guillen's autograph (White Sox Manager)....i have tried to get it at the other 2 parks but since i am near the dugout now i hope to be able to get his autograph this time. If not i will try again back at Camelback in Glendale when the Sox host the giants over there.Again this is a nice little ball park close to all the action and the vendors...and the restrooms...in fact it reminds of Miller Park  the original home of the brewers...which by the way is one of the best ballparks in the Majors. So if your in phoenix and want to go see some spring training baseball in the "hood"..LOL come to Maryvale Basebally Park. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends.
4	The newest addition to my spring training experience.  I liked the park just fine.  There is lots and lots of room for everyone.. maybe because they don't sell out often, or I just went towards the end of the season.. IDK, but it was maybe only 1/4 full.  Not a bad seat in the place.  I like their grass area quite a bit.  It's a very steep slant, so you can pretty much lay down and still watch the game.  There are a lot of outside vendor options as well as the typical concessions.  Good ballpark in my opinion :)
4	Very simple park, great for seeing any spring training game.  It has a great variety of food, which is excellent, and the bathrooms are plentiful.  Great at the game which was fun to watch, and hang out.  The place is kept nice, and the grass is very cooling on the warm sunny days.
4	Loved the grass bleachers. One of the nicest entrances to a Cactus League park. Small, cozy and not overrun by Cub fans (being a Brewers "home" park for the spring).
5	Maryvale Ballpark is the best spring training facility to catch a game.  It's cozy, comfortable and has charm.Tickets are probably the cheapest in all of spring training. If you want to see all the MLB stars up close and personal than Maryvale ballpark is the place for you.Home plate tickets are $22.Plenty of concession stands and restrooms probably more than is needed for the size of the ballpark but they definitely have more than most spring training ball parks.Maryvale Ballpark does spring training right and is the valley's best kept secret when it comes to baseball.
5	First off, I'm from WI, so i definitly have to come here to Represent my Brewers!!!   I couldn't believe we got tickets for $22.00 right above the dugout!  .  The Stadium is smaller, but i like that better since we were able to get autographs and pics.  I can't wait to come back here, we had such a blast!  GO BREWERS :)
4	This place rocks for these two reasons:1) They do the Brewers' sausage race during Spring Training, where people run around the field dressed like a hot dog, chorizo, a bratwurst, a kielbasa, and an Italian sausage; and2) After they sing Take Me Out to the Ball Game, everyone continues to sing some crazy nonsense that is NOT a second verse to the song, or any song that I or anyone around me knew. I loved it.
4	Do you think you can go to a Brewers home game and not see the Sausage races? The answer is clearly no because those sausages make the 1,883 mile trek across the country to make your month of March that much more fun. Easy parking at Maryvale Baseball Park and only $6. You'll want to leave a little early because getting into/out of the parking lot can be a bit of a nightmare because the lines of cars are long...but that's to be expected at any sporting event that you go to.  Lots of concession stands (great food) and clean restrooms. Super inexpensive game tickets. For some games it might cost ya only $25 bucks to sit in the 1st row. Just like at home in Chicago & Milwaukee, the Cubs/Brewers games will probably get a little heated between fans. This game WILL sell out so i'd recommend getting tickets right when they go on sale.
4	This is a nice ballpark, once you get there.  It is not in the best part of town and it is a pain in the butt to get to - lots of traffic even during the week.  I have been coming here for the past 7 years to see the Brewers play.  The stadium is clean (even the women's bathrooms) and well kept up.  Everyone working there is very friendly.  We always sit on the lawn seats, it just seems more fun, and is especially great with young kids because you don't have to try to keep them sitting still in a seat.  However, the lower lawn seats are pretty steep.  We always have a great time going there for the games.
3	I'm gonna have to hide this review from my girlfriend who is from Wisconsin and a big Brewer fan. To be honest, this is my least favorite stadium to go to because of its location and just overall mediocre atmosphere. It has an outfield grass area, but it is kinda boring. Maryvale is a no frills ballpark, so if you are going to a Spring Training game to actually watch some baseball, this is the stadium for you. If you want to go for the game, the scene and overall experience, I'd recommend a stadium in Scottsdale. For what it's worth, a friend of mine says this is his favorite Spring Training stadium, but frankly I think he feels that way since it was the one stadium he actually played in while in college. I personally like to go to a game and then head over to some bars or restaurants, but at this stadium I check out the game and then get the hell outta there!
3	Now that I've visited a handful of the spring training facilities, it's easy to separate the A-OK parks from the shiny-new parks.  That being said, you'll be visiting this park if you're a Brewers fan, regardless of the reviews.Maryvale reminds me of Hi-Corbett in Tucson, the old ballpark for the Rockies and the D-Backs.  It's quaint and a bit rough around the edges due to its age.  Teeny tiny dry good store that required a wait to enter and browse, not cool.  But the important things were great:  CHEAP BEER and CHEAP SNACKS for a ball park.  Seriously, $6.75 for a beer, here?  Fabulous.  The Wisconsin price for a brew clearly made its way here, thank the beer gods.Great little park with lawn seats.  Not the best park in the valley in terms of "newness", but that's not why you'll find yourself here.  Grab a beer and enjoy the game!
4	This is my favorite out of all the stadiums in Phoenix. Just came back from Spring Training and saw the Brewers crush the Dodgers. The fans here are always chill, I mean come on, it's the Brewers. The park is really big with plenty of lawn seating and actual SHADE in certain areas to stand if you want to. (Unlike the Giants stadium, which has zero shade and feels more like a club than a baseball game.) I can say that, I'm a Giants fan. The prices at the stadium store are a bit ridiculous as is most of the gear you buy at games but man oh man did I really just buy a $30 Brewers shirt and a $25 Brewers cap that's not even fitted? Yes, going to Spring Training is like going to Disneyland in this house so it's alllll worth it. :-)
5	I was thoroughly impressed by Maryvale. The employees were very nice. The ticket prices were FANTASTIC. And the views in the park were better than Scottsdale Stadium. Shoot, even the lawn looked like it was a pleasant place to be. The stadium filled up, but not like Scottsdale did, so I was still able to breathe. It was much more like going to a minor league game, which is in no way a bad thing.Oh, quick caveat: Maryvale is obviously not a nice area. I think another review accused people of being "racist" because of something about gated communities. Look, if there's bars on all the windows, it's not a great area. That's pretty obvious. For all I know, everyone who lived there was the same race or different races or whatever seems least racist, but the simple fact is, it's the kind of neighborhood you'd avoid being in if you didn't have a reason to go. Maryvale Ballpark is that reason.
2	field good, food good, employees hospitable, horrible parking!!!!!  horrible!!!!!  Get there early if you don't want to get stuck in that terrible lot.  When you leave don't plan on heading north.  Not such a great neighborhood you are guided into either.  Peoria sports complex so much better.
4	Despite its odd location and not having all the bells and whistles that some of the newer parks have, Maryvale is one of my favorite Cactus League ballparks.  It offers a friendly, quaint Midwestern feel at reasonable prices.  4.5 stars.PARKING: The stadium is sort of in the middle of nowhere.  If you think this is the ghetto then you've never been to the LA Coliseum or the Forum in Inglewood, but it's clearly not the best neighborhood.  Nonetheless, I wouldn't feel unsafe walking around here and there's plenty of onsite parking (some in an actual lot with lots on a grass field).TRAINING:The Brewers minor league training facility is completely open to the public and you can watch practice games and drills side by side with the players and coaches.  You may see some major leaguers here too even though the main major league training area is closed off and located behind the right field part of the stadium.Some of the major leaguers may walk between the minor league facilities and the ballpark, stopping to sign autographs along the way.  There's also a batting cage outside the main stadium, near the right field corner where you may be able to catch some of the big leaguers get ready and possibly get an autograph.STADIUM:The exterior of Maryvale Baseball Park doesn't offer much to look at, but the interior of the stadium is great.  The seating bowl is sunken into the ground so you don't have to climb any steps and you can see the field from the concourse.  The blue seating and white paint create a clean, crisp feeling and is a nice change of pace from the dark green seats used in most ballparks.There's not much in the way of Brewers paraphernalia or memorabilia lining the concourse or on the walls, but there is a small Brewers store near the right field corner that sells pretty much everything you could want including stuffed animal racing sausages.EXPERIENCE:Everyone - from workers to fans - is friendly and happy to be at the ballpark.  The sausage race and the singing of "Roll Out the Barrel" really offers a glimpse of the Miller Park experience .  Unless the Brewers are playing a team with a big following like the Cubs or Giants, the crowds are pretty modest.  This works out well as it keeps the narrow concourse from becoming too crowded.If you are looking for autographs once you are in the park, you can try to get them down on the field but you can also wait in the right field corner.  Both home and away players have to go down stairs in right field in order to enter the field down the right field line.  There is a fence there were fans will line up and wait to see if players will stop to sign.  While a lot of the big name players may not sign, if your kid is happy just to get anyone's autograph there's a good chance at least someone will stop and sign.SEATING:There are a fair amount of seats in the shade (upper rows behind the plate/first base line) and a huge lawn area for those wanting to save a couple bucks and enjoy the sun.  The lawn is steep enough that if someone sits in front of you, you'll still be able to enjoy the game.  At the very top of the lawn there are some seats under trees that are shaded but you will be further from the action, concessions, restrooms, etc.FOOD & DRINK:Maryvale provides a nice taste of the Midwest with brats (hot dogs, chorizo, Polish, and Italian) and sauerkraut to eat and Leinenkugel's on tap.  There are lots of concession stands and the lines move pretty quickly, but they do crowd into the concourse area making for some tight squeezes.
