5	It doesn't get better than this!  This little shop is run by the two most fun, dynamic people in Las Vegas.  They are professional without being stuffy.  They are honest when you need help making a decision about a purchase.  The clothing/outfit selection is grand, and they are always up-to-date with styles.  There is also a huge selection of accessories as well.  I appreciate that they are always willing to help by making any adjustments, if something doesn't quite fit right.  I'm glad they are happy to cross-promote other local business as well.
5	Julie is very helpful!
5	This store is awesome! The fashion is different from any other stores. I purchase things there that my fellow dancers do not wear as well. It is a little pricier but the owner will make adjustments to your clothes right on the spot too, for free. Nice selection of gogo wear, exotic dance wear, strings, jewelery etc.
5	Things a store needs for me to want to shop there:1. A good selection of items2. Fair pricing for those items3. Employees that are helpful and friendly but not pushy.Vavoom Girly Boutique covers all the bases. And while a lot of dancers shop here, don't think you have to take your clothes off for a living to find something you need at Vavoom! I am not a dancer, I just like to get dolled up from time to time... On one visit, I picked up some fabulous fake eyelashes for Halloween for only $4... I had seen a similar pair for double the price elsewhere. The last time I was in Julie, one of the owners, helped me look for some accessories for an outfit I was planning on wearing out. She had the perfect hairbow for me, but if it wasn't perfect, Vavoom was prepared to make me one custom to suit my needs. They make custom clothing as well!  And to top it off, after I was finished paying, Julie told me to pick out a pair of earrings or a ring as a free gift! Next time you want to get your sexy on, check out Vavoom Girly Boutique. Chances are they have what you need, or they can make it for you!
5	Bows. Sequins. Rhinestones.Happy 2012 LV yelpers!I rarely come here but I did purchase an awesome custom made sequin bikini last year and about to purchase another in the next few days for company dance gig. My gf and I are getting matching custom made bikinis for work.If you're a gogo dancer like myself or a striper... you'll love Vavoom! Come here for all your dancer needs. Yes they are on the expensive side but you're getting custom made items! :)Dave and his staff rocks!-Miss Yelp 2012
5	Oh man, this place had me weak in the knees! I walked in and couldn't believe my eyes. It was like this shop took every girly, sequin, rhinestone, pink dream I've ever had and put a price tag on it so I could buy it. I consider it a personal accomplishment that I left this place without large scale debt. Every single bikini, skirt, large bow hair clip, and bangle was absolute perfection.I wanted to buy every single thing I saw. This place is perfect to hit before a pool party! I will make this a concrete 'must go to' from now on whenever I'm in Vegas. I think I'm in love!
1	I am completely disgusted with how i was treated at this business. I have been here a couple of times to get go-go gear for music festivals, and i was treated fine. This time around, i came in around 8:00 PM on a Wenesday only because on their website (www.vavoomlasvegas.com) and on their yelp page it said that they are open Wednesday-Friday 12-10. When i arrived at the boutique, the doors were locked but there were about 10 girls shopping casually, chatting with the workers and what not. I knock on the door, and a fairly older man with black longer hair cracks open the door only to say "can i help you?" Umm yeah, can i come in and shop please? He continues to tell me that the store is closed. I state to him that thats not what they are advertising, that the website says they are open until 10pm on wednesdays. He rudely tells me to my face that im wrong and that they are closed.I let him know again that on their website they are posting different hours of operation and that i had driven about 20 minutes to come to this specific boutique. As i am saying that he cuts me off and loudly says "do you even know what you want? Oh wait i know what you want, you want to shop, so why dont you just come back tomorrow when we open at noon and you can have more time to shop then?"At that point I am horrified with this persons idea of customer service, and i tell him not to worry, and i wont be back. He then just says okay bye and slams the door shut in my face.Mind you, the entire time this was going on, i could smell smoke coming out of the store. I will never be back, and i will tell everyone i know to never go to this establishment and to warn everyone they know as well. I have never been treated so horribly at a business.
5	Vavoom!What could you love more than scoring a great tanning spot close to the strip? A place to shop for the bikinis, club and dance wear two doors down to show off that fab tan! Vavoom is a girly girls dream! It has every color bikini imaginable with costumes by the season and just fun little accessories to make any outfit perfect! Customer service is always right on! They greet you when you walk in and will point you in the right direction if your looking for a particular piece. OH and who can forget? MR. VAVOOM! He looks like a rocker at heart with shoulder length hair and some dark fitted hat but he is such a sweetheart! He knows his way around custom making any kind of bikini you can think of! If your not sure exactly what you want he can draw something up that will have you excited to pick it up! If they say it will be ready by a specific time IT WILL BE! I've also taken in several bikinis in to add the famous "scrunch butt" in! It runs 7-10$ If they don't have and they cant make it chances are you asked for a bikini lined with unicorn hair and pixie dust!
5	talk about the perfect place for all your EDC and or any other rave needs! fun costumes, jewelry, and an array of nylons im sure you'll find anything you need here. if your a go go dancer in town this is a must store. the owner is super nice and helpful as well.
4	First off Vegas doesn't really have a huge variety for edm/Gogo or dancer wear.A wide selection is what I was seeking and this place has it. I came in seeking a pair of cute shorts and maybe a new pair of fluffies. Thanks to all of the friendly help I was able to find exactly what I wanted to create the cutest outfit for Escape.I brought a pair of platinum shorts and fluffies with excellent quality. I am not a fan of the price which came to about $77 for both items including tax so there's an idea of how much you should be prepared to spend.Overall I was satisfied with my purchased, I also received a free belly ring to add to my outfit, what a deal! If you're looking for some of the hottest edm wear/accessories I would check this place out
5	OMG! MUST VISIT THIS PLACE WHEN IN VEGAS! I live here so I get to go a lot! The owners are the best people EVER! This is their new location (about 2 years now).. Mr. Vavoom is amazing, and if you have something you want but can't find (custom made bikinis) get in here he is seriously amazing at creating your dream suit! Mrs. Vavoom creates some really fantastic, styled up bras! Great people, just off the strip, reasonable prices, get in here!
5	I just love this place! I'm very busty if I need a sexy swim suit or a red carpet dress for Avn or photo shoot I go to see Mr. & Mrs. Vavoom. Sometimes I wish there were more vavoom stores when I travel outside of Vegas. If your a diva or sexy vixen that always on the proul for exotic then get you butt to vavoom
5	As a cocktail server in Vegas, this place is necessary for acquiring last minute costumes, outfits, and alterations. From swimwear, to neon, to scrunch butts, they do it all. The owner is super nice and accommodating. Also they will most likely lower their prices for industry. 5 STARS!
5	I love vavoom! You can get any kind of custom bikini here. The owners are very welcoming and help you find everything you need. They are also amazing for alterations and personalizations on bikinis and costumes.
5	I love vavoom only place I get my eyelashes from they are the best. Great outfits for work and fun as well.
