4	Nice place, very clean looking. Nice sized, well stocked drinks wide selection of drinks, sandwiches and soups as well as sweets and coffeeHad the pick two special, if it wasn't so tasty i would have took off two stars for unarmed robbery. Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich+ the bread isn't toasted so it's oil free making it more fat free then your fat free  +tasty -menu said it used roasted bell peppers when i read that i assumed strips of roasted red bell pepper it's more like chopped up cubes of bell pepper didn't provide much flavor-wasn't a lot of feta cheese- a dust of garlic powder would have improved flavor a bit but that's cause i dust all my sandwiches with itCream of Tomato Soup+ very very nice with the sandwich+ sweet and tangy- some unknown flavor i couldn't identifyOverallBe careful what you buy here, if you're drawn by their advertisements of fat free or low calorie or what ever order something you know is low in fat and this defeats the purpose but ask them to not grill or press the sandwich they lube with oil and that's fat.
4	What caught my attention to this place was the Health food aspect. So I bit.The theme is like Starbucks if they only served food. Also There was deal for 7.99 to get half of the signature items. I thought i was ordering that but instead got the full which was good I got the chipotle chicken sandwich with an apple. The bread bowls are huge.The lady behind the counter was rude, but the service beyond her was great and a little spot to relaz and eat good food. I love it.
4	So sue me...I like a chain once in a while.  I mean c'mon, decent coffee, comfy seating, free wifi and more than passable lunches.Would you hate me if I told you I knew where pretty much every Panera was from Connecticut to Maine?Seriously.  Can I write one generic review and just post it for all of them?  I mean chains go for consistent theme and product, shouldn't consistent reviews with a certain sameness be bestowed upon them if they succeed?Is the Panera just off the Maine turnpike in Augusta where I ate dinner and worked late one evening that different than the Panera in between the Connecticut turnpike and the Merritt Parkway or the Panera just off of Fort Eddy Road in Concord, New Hampshire?  Frankly, no it's not.
2	This place made me so cranky! I came in hungover, hankering for their potato and egg quiche. Alas, I came in too late for breakfast. That sucks, but the insult to injury came in the form of the cashier's over perky suggestion of a Cobb salad because "it has an egg in it". Ug. Minor infraction, but as I mentioned I was hungover, so she must die!Cheese danish was good (nice breads all together), but my  annoyance was renewed when the same perky cashier attempted to correct me "you mean cheese pastry?" DIE IN A FIRE!! Shit poor latte, served in a cappuccino cup.
4	It kind of pains me to give Panera Bread a good rating, mainly because I didn't want to go here for lunch this weekend but was talked into it. I have never been a huge fan of Panera because as many have mentioned its basically the Starbucks of the sandwich and soup market. Overcharging for something I can get cheaper elsewhere but if I want to be "cool" I have to eat at Panera. Ugh!So, with that said, I gave Panera 4 stars. They lose 1 star for price. Thats about it from this trip that I can really knock. The service was fine, the food was delicious (I ordered a chicken sandwich that had chipotle mayo I don't remember the name), and the place is really well kept. I even had a cinnamon bun to go that was great in the morning. I really wish they would lower the prices a bit or throw in the drink with a sandwich at the least. I mean really, fountain drinks cost them a few cents. Would it really kill them to include it? For $7 although my sandwich was good it was small and I ended up eating some of my moms and my girlfriends meals too.Not sure if I will be back but I won't be as likely to fight it next time.
4	Ok, I know Panera is a chain restaurant, but I still like it. Especially on a hot day like today, a "You Pick Two" seems like a winner. I'm a HUGE fan of the You Pick Two and since I am pretty mundane when it comes to sandwiches....I always order the Sierra Turkey with no Onions and possibly the Mac and Cheese, Broccoli Cheddar Soup or the Chicken Noodle Soup. The bread is always soft and there is plenty of turkey in the sandwich to make me feel like I'm fully satisfied. Overall, Panera is one of my favorite lunch joints to go to.
3	Panera catering is wonderful! When you have to feed an office and don't have time to do a lavish menu, Panera is perfect with their delicious lunch boxes. I tried the Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich with chips and cookie.  Very yummy and bread is soft and fresh!
4	I guess the irony would be that I've never actually ordered  from the bakery menu here, because of course Panera specializes in Artisan breads and speciality breads, and all kinds of baked goods from bagels to pastries, cookies, cakes and muffins.  They also serve sandwiches, soups, and salads, and while I've heard the sandwiches and hot paninis are good, all I've ever ordered, in my health-oriented way, have been the salads -- which means that I actually have enjoyed their bread, because a slice of freshly baked french bread comes with every salad, and it is very good.But the salads are what I really know and love about Panera.  I've had the Fuji Apple Chicken, the Asian Sesame Chicken, the Grilled Chicken Caesar, and most recently the Strawberry Poppyseed Chicken.  All of these are excellent, but my new favorite is definitely the Strawberry Poppyseed Chicken.  Aside from the wonderful taste of their salads, the great thing about them is that they use all natural, antibiotic-free chicken.  That is a major plus!The price of their salads does seem a little high to me, but there's a remedy for that.  I always go with a friend who enjoys their salad as much as I do.  We order one salad and tell the cashier we're going to split it.  They bring it to our table in two bowls -- with a slice of french bread for each of us.  That's a good deal, because half an order is plenty for light, satisfying meal.  One of these days, maybe I'll try a sandwich or a panini, because I will definitely be back.
4	It's been a while since I've been to Panera bread - however after visiting today, now I know why I used to go there quite a bit.Being more health conscious these days, it is not just about where you eat, but WHAT you eat.  I find that Panera bread has a lot of tasteful selections that still allow you to meat your health/nutritional goals.What I opted in today for was the "You Choose two" menu:- Half Asian Sesame Chicken Salad (200 cals,10g fat)- Half Smoked Turkey Breast on Country Sandwich (280 cals, 7g fat)My third item I got on the side was an apple.The salad was very good.  Fresh, off-the-grill chicken with: the romaine lettuce, almonds, crispy wonton strips and sesame vinaigrette was very flavorful and did not disappoint.The Smoked Turkey Sandwich was equally satisfying.  This half sandwich was more like a full one portion-wise.  The sandwich was put together with some good slices of turkey breast, leaf lettuce, tomatoes and red onions with mayonnaise, spicy mustard, salt and pepper.The experience from walking into the door, ordering our food and having it on our table was a very quick experience and we enjoyed a nice clean atmosphere to eat our lunch.I was expecting the place to be much more busy, however since we arrived at 1pm for lunch it had all its booths filled up, but not very tables - which is where we sat.Again, I can see why I came here a lot in the past. I am glad my wife suggested this place to try.  This one is definitely going on my work lunch rotation. :)
4	I came early before a CMYE started and was starving. I didn't want to get something heavy so I got a small Mac N Cheese. I normally don't like Mac, but for whatever reason I was feeling it today. It was fairly good, really white cheddar. It did it's job, but I like their sandwiches/salads better. Is it the best sandwich/salad/etc at that pricepoint? No, but it's a quick, fairly healthy stop. 3.5 stars
4	When we're sick and tired of the same old thing and want to have something reasonably healthy, we come here! They have the best soups and sandwiches. The soups are what my husband craves when he's a sickling. The sandwiches have great flavors. It's a pretty healthy spot if that's what you're going for. I always get the pick 2, bread with Broccoli and Cheddar Soup. That soup is great, nice and thick and real creamy but, once it cools down, it tends to thin out and tends to not taste as yummy. My husband has the Turkey Sandwich, YUM! They use spicy greens so it adds a little more flavor than what you're expecting.I see a lot of people coming here for business meetings and/or something like I do, a change of scenery from the coffee shops.The staff is great. They're so nice and friendly.
4	One of our favorite "go to" places after a long day at work and we're too tired to cook.  Love the Mac and Cheese and the Asian Chicken Salad.  I feel like there's enough choices that I can indulge, if I choose, or pick healthier options. My only irritation:  I prefer to eat sitting in a booth and the tables are usually filled with people sitting by themselves with their laptops with maybe an espresso drink and no food. While it may be Panera *Bread*, I've actually never tried their bread.
4	Fast and friendly service, good food and reasonably priced.
4	Excellent food to devour here!  Everything from their sandwiches to their salads to their soups.  They offer a lot of healthy options here on the menu.  But unlike a lot of other places, their healthy is actually tasty.The bread here is very good!  I'm a big fan of their wheat baguette.  There are also some pretty tasty treats in the bakery area.  Good bagels, muffins, cookies, etc.  The cinnamon roll is one of my personal favs!  The coffee is quite tasty too, especially the hazelnut mix.The staff are all nice and courteous.  And if you come here often, sign up for their Panera rewards card.  You'll rack up things like free drinks, free pastries, discounted meals, etc in no time!
4	My go to place for a quick and healthy lunch. I usually always get the pick 2 special with your choice of half of their sandwich/panini, soup, or salad. My favorite would have to be the Tomato and Mozzarella panini and I pair it with the creamy tomato soup. This soup is by far the best creamy tomato soup I have ever had. Its thick, creamy, rich, and very savory. I've never had any of their bread or pastry items but all of them look hot and fresh... of course why else would they call it Panera BREAD! This place is perfect for getting some school work done since they have free wi-fi or if you need a place for a quick, healthy business lunch.
4	Very good food and friendly staff. Could be a bit cleaner.
4	Everything here tastes great and is overall very healthy. Their new menu boards even have their calories for their items posted - extremely helpful if you're on a diet/counting calories!I love their seasonal Strawberry Poppyseed and Chicken salad [All-natural, antibiotic-free chicken, romaine, fresh strawberries, fresh blueberries, fresh pineapple, Mandarin oranges, pecans & fat-free poppyseed dressing] - the dressing is sweet but not overpowering.For lunch their You Pick 2 is always great because you get your choice of 1/2 a salad, cup of soup, or 1/2 sandwich - which is great portion sizing for lunch.The only down side is that their "breakfast menu" is only available until 1030a during the week and until 11am on weekends. But their bakery items (bagels and pastries) are available around the clock if you're in desperate need of a breakfast fix.
5	Panera is a cozy and friendly place to eat a meal on the run or to relax and enjoy coffee with your friends.  I frequently study here because the coffee refills are free and the booths have outlets for my computer.  Highly recommend it!
5	Stopped by for lunch and ordered the Sierra Turkey 1/2 sandwich on asiago foccacia bread & broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl :) Amazing, and filling. No wonder its packed at lunch time. I'd eat here a few times a week if it was closer. Yum!
5	Panera Bread is great! The employees are energetic and full of life. This location was huge and spaced out well. I ordered the smoked turkey sandwich on asiago focaccia bread. Sandwich was made to perfection I must say. Fresh green lettuce and tomatoes, melted swiss cheese, and came with a broccoli and cheese bread bowl.Everything wad made fresh to order. They even have you seat yourself then bring the food out to you when its ready. The seating is a bit crowded if you don't have a booth or you're not sitting outside. They offer free WiFi as well.Overall, the food is inexpensive and Panera Bread is a great place to enjoy your lunch break on. I'll definitely be back!
5	Had my local Panera turn a VERY frustrating situation into an amazing one. Drove halfway across town to get some chicken noodle soup for my sick boyfriend, then got home and the soup was missing!!  Drove all the way back where the very friendly manager refunded my entire meal,  gave me a giant bucket of chicken noodle, and even carried it out to my car. This Panera definitely won me back!
4	I have always enjoyed Panera.  Food is fresh and usually very good.  Every so often you get something not as good as you expected, but that can happen almost anywhere.  One thing I really enjoy is their fresh brewed iced tea. Always refreshing on the hot summer days in Las Vegas.  I wish they would serve a traditional style breakfast (eggs, meat, potato's) with one of their fresh baked breads.
4	Love the Roasted Turkey Artichoke Panini and Tomato soup!!Employees very nice and great customer service.
4	Delicious. This place is always clean. My order is usually done correctly.
4	Can't go wrong with Panera Bread!This location is very clean with friendly staff. Last time I went I just had a bowl of Broccoli Cheddar soup and Don had a tuna salad sandwich. Our orders came out right away. The Broccoli Cheddar soup was a little thick, but still very tasty with the bread that came with it. I'm glad they serve it daily because it's my favorite soup. The tuna salad sandwich tasted SO fresh and the red onion and lettuce gave it a very nice crunch. Our meals were very simple, so there's not much else to say, but pleasant service + clean restaurant + good food makes me a fan!
4	This is my favorite morning spot to relax, drink coffee and/or get work done.  It's quiet, clean and has big tables to spread out.  Also, the staff is always pleasant, even at the ungodly hour of 6:00 a.m.Foodwise, their soup, bagels and salads are pretty good -- even for a chain. I particularly like the tomato soup, it tastes nothing like Campbells!  I'm fairly certain, however, that a regular Panera diet will give you diabetes-- those pastries are calorific!
3	I have only made one stop here, and that was to buy some bagels.  I had a sesame bagel this morning and it was OK.  Service was quick and the person who took my order was very pleasant and courteous.My only complaint about the place is the same for any storefront in this area.  The parking can be a bear.
3	I want to start off by saying that the restaurant is well put. The sandwhiches and smoothies are good, but apart from the pastry, there isn't really anything too special about it.
3	Panera Bread used to one of my favorite places. I used to come in here a-lot to buy bagels and other goodies that I enjoy eating. However, things has changed due to my new visit here on sunday may 6 2012. I stopped there tonight wanting a sandwich and a salad. Well guess what -they closed early due to a meeting/training( this meeting should have been held some other time without closing or they could have made it aware to customers on a website or somethings). Its ok because not only did i waste my time & gas, but I came across a new deli that will be getting my business. So thanks vey much- and yes i will miss my fiji apple chicken salad,  but o- well.
5	My favorite place to take the kids to lunch. Also great for quick "to-go" work lunches. Sign up for Panera Rewards. I always end up getting a surprise treat from the rewards I have collected.
5	They are so nice. My boyfriend and I came here early in the morning for breakfast.  We came a bit early and they still served us our food before opening time.
2	I normally love love love Panera. Today they ruined It for me. First off, they failed to prepare our office's phone in order. When our runner got there....no food. Couldn't even find that we had placed, and paid for! Our order...then they left out two items when they did fill the order. All that was really just an inconvenience. It was the getting violently ill after eating my lunch that ruined it for me. Dunno what they did to my broccoli cheddar soup but I thought I was going to die!  Obviously I didn't and now I'm probably never going to be able to enjoy Panera again....bummer!
1	I tried to buy a loaf of cinnamon raison bread.  And go denied to buy it.  I will never come back to panera again!!!  Bad service employees
4	I've been frequenting Panera Bread locations around Vegas for YEARS. In my opinion, this location stands out as the cleanest and most consistently delicious with the most friendly staff! The staff are always smiling and eager to take your order, speaking to you like you're an old friend! I stopped in here this morning to grab a quick bagel and coffee before work. I rarely eat bagels, but have been craving one for weeks. I ordered Asiago Cheese, toasted, with cream cheese and a large coffee. Coffee is self serve (unless you order a latte) and I really enjoy their Hazelnut brew! I also ordered a pumpkin spice latte for my girlfriend. Bagels were ready in just a few minutes and always taste fresh and delicious. My only complaint is that the cream cheese comes in a small container and you have to put it on your bagel yourself. This is a bit inconvenient for me as I prefer the grab and go style quickie breakfast. When I drop in for a quick lunch/dinner, I always go for the "you pick two" option because I can never decide between soup or sandwich/panini. I don't think I've ever not enjoyed a sandwich from here. Everything is always made fresh with quality ingredients (meats, cheese, veggies). Also, you CANNOT go wrong w/ the broccoli cheese soup - yummy!!!!ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS order a side of french baguette. Trust me, it tastes like heaven!
2	Small portions for the price you pay...still hungry :(
3	I have to say some of their sandwiches are good but it can turn out expensive for a panini and small bag of chips. They should let you order sodas for free. I can't complain too much but for these prices I want something little more
4	When this place first opened the customer service was horrendous. I stopped going there. Stayed away for years. I recently started going again as it is on my way to work. And I have to say the customer service has been outstanding my emails of complaints helped.The bagels are good. The breakfast sandwiches are also pretty good. But the 4 cheese souffle, now that is the shining star.It is so flaky and soft, the flavor incredible. I think 4.00 for 1 is a bit much. But for that occasional treat well worth the price. Bravo to the staff, always very friendly.
2	Service is hit or miss. There are times where the cashiers are fantastic, today was not one of those times. Panera, please don't hire people who don't want to be here. Our lives are stressful enough. When we come to Panera to relax or do work, we expect pleasant customer service. I asked for my bagel lightly toasted, which apparently was the most inconvenient, unrealistic request to my cashier. After visibly acting annoyed, I watched him put it in there just like any other bagel and it came out brown and crunchy and exactly the opposite of what I asked for. Disgusting. Additionally, the Internet is slow and spotty and we could use more outlets for devices. Today, I really wish I had chosen a different venue for my Sunday hangout spot :/
3	It was ok to me - the bagel was a little tough & didn't really care for their coffee.
5	This is my first time at Panera's. I went there for lunch. I'm not familiar with the menu so I was lost. The cashier was very patient with me while I took my time to order. I ordered a full sandwich w/ French bread-like bread on the side, a cup of soup w/ apple on the side and a regular drink. The side came with each item I ordered.  I thought it was like a fast food type of environment but they handed me a number so I sat down. The cashier recommended that I get a REWARDS card with Panera so I can start receiving deals. I didn't hesitate because I enjoy collecting reward cards from different stores I go to. The server brought my food to the table. I started off by dipping my bread into my cup of soup. The bread was very fresh and soft that it practically melted in my mouth. It was that GOOOOD! I was full by the time I was done with half my sandwich, cup of soup and the bread on the side. Next time I'll know to order a half a sandwich, soup and bread on the side. NOW while I was waiting for my food to be served, I went on my phone and registered my rewards card. At the end, it indicated that I can claim my FREE cookies or pastry. I waited until I was done eating before I went back to the cash register. When I showed my card, the cashier swiped it and she said that I can pick anything from the cookie/pastry area. I chose a Cinnamon Roll. This Cinnamon Roll was huge. It was like approx. 5-6 inches. If I were to just buy the Cinnamon Roll by itself, it would cost over $3.00 each. Man, don't get me started on the Cinnamon Roll!!! My goodness!!!!! I think I just found myself a new sandwich shop to go to thanks to my boyfriend who introduced me to this place. Too bad they don't make SQUAW BREAD. I love that bread. I used to get it back home in Cali at the Old World Deli. It must be a West Coast thang.. Lol. Not too many people are familar with the Squaw Bread. OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Excellent!PROs: excellent service, quiet, plenty of parking, free WiFi, each booth has an outlet for your phone charger, laptop charger, etc., outside seating areaCONs: not enough seating area, not really kid friendly, somewhat on the pricey side (but it's worth it!)
4	Very good spot to grab a quick bite. The food is delicious and the bread they use is amazing. Overall it is a good value for your money. It tends to be a little more expensive than other sandwich places, but the quality is much higher.Nice friendly staff and very efficient as well.You choose your food at the counter but they bring it to your table.
5	I am probably the biggest fan of Panera. I have had lunch here many times and every time we are met with a smile and how can we help you.If you come in to study, meet a friend, or just a quick bite to eat, this is certainly the place to be.I do want to highly recommend the mac & cheese, this will certainly become your biggest addiction! It is AMAZING...and I am a brewed iced tea snob and the regular brewed iced tea is always great.
4	Great for soup and sandwich combos, pastries, smoothies, coffee, salads,etc.Great place for meeting up with a small group of friends or a if you are in need of a quiet place to study and grab a bite. Service with a smile. Though the dining room/drink station was a bit messy, it was rush hour however and an employee was quick to take care of it.
4	I've been known to eat at Panera for both breakfast and lunch, many times. I don't know what it is about this place but the food (for what it is) is pretty damn good!  Service is usually top notch and the food quality seems good.  I'm a little hesitant about their cafe drinks (frozen caramel, lattes, etc) as every time I have one I get an upset stomach. Only complaint is the tables/booths should be cleaned more thoroughly...nothing chaps my ass more than having to clean my table and chair/booth before sitting down.
4	I have always been a fan of Panera. Whenever I want a tasty sandwich or a meal that will make me full without feeling guilty, I come here. The You Pick 2 option is great! I usually order the Chicken Caesar Sandwich. The chicken is cut into good sized pieces and the three cheese bread is awesome. A very tasty sandwich, although it can get a bit messy. The Mac and Cheese is my other choice. There is an extra charge for this, but I don't mind because it is so delicious, hot and creamy! My husband likes the Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich. I have also tried the Roasted Turkey & Avocado BLT in the past, but did not like it. For some reason, it was very bland, even though it had bacon in it. The sweet tea here is also pretty good. Its not overly sweet like the one from Mcdonalds, You may have to wait a while for your food, but the good thing is, they don't make it until you order it. Customer service is usually pretty good and friendly. Recently, one of the cashiers charged me for a cookie that I did not order. I didn't notice that on my receipt until I got home. I mean, it was only 99 cents, but still, they need to pay attention to these things! I sent a complaint through the company's website, and got a email from one of the managers who apologized and told me to print out this email and bring it in on my next visit for a free pastry. I still have not had a chance to use this, but what I don't understand is that I have their MyPanera card. So, why couldn't they just add the free pastry to my card? Wouldn't that be easier than me bringing a printout of my email, explaining it to the cashier, the cashier calling a manager over, causing confusion.....geez, it will take me 10 minutes just to get one pastry that I already paid for! Ridiculous! Speaking of the MyPanera card, I really don't understand this program, LOL. Its free and the cashier swipes this card whenever you purchase something. But, it doesn't keep track of any "points" or how much you spend. Apparently, you will get "surprise rewards" according to what you like to eat, and the more you visit, the more "rewards" you shall receive. Very vague! I come here at least twice a month, and the only thing I got was a free pastry on my birthday. However, I do like the food here, so I will definitely be back. Current hours are 6:30 am - 9:00 pm daily.
5	Amazing sandwiches and soups, a good deal with the soup and 1/2 sandwich and premium sandwiches only a dollar more!
4	So far, I'm pleased!Panera Bread is a great place for the most important meal of the day~(breakfast!) and lunch!Friendly service, and a fair amount of items on the menu to choose from. You can do combos or just pick one thing to your fancy. Bread, soups, pasta, sandwiches, and panini's, all cozy wholesome foods. I ordered the cuban chicken panini with baked chips on the side, my friend ordered soup in a bread bowl with a side of apples. Both were decently sized and tasty!This place gets very busy on the weekend, lots of families come here after their games for lunch. Lot's of seating available, booths and tables, and some couches too. So its a good place to hang out with friends and even study.It would be nice if the seating area could be maintained better though. Having to sit on  breadcrumbs and on the table wasn't that great, but its a small fault.Definitely coming back!
3	The good - The meal was good, the service was pretty fast.The bad - most of the empty tables were dirty or were never cleaned well after the previous customers had left. And the apple that came as a side with one of the orders had seen better days.
4	Love this place. Great food and even if you walk in just before closing, they still serve you and seat you. They will wait untill you are done, no pressure. Great Staff, Great Prices, Great Food.
4	Love the iced green tea, so refreshing. Get a pecan sticky bun while your at it & you won't be disappointed.
4	Love this place.  The food was very good an the service was great an fast. Love the pastries too. Would have lunch with my mom a lot at the one in Ca. Will def be back.
3	There portions are too small for me...I need to order two meals to not be hungry by 5pm.The food is good, but for the cost to not be hungry after the meal at this place I would rather go somewhere nicer.I like the greek sandwich and you cannot go wrong with most of the soups.
4	Love P.B., to bad eventually on a long enough time frame you're going to get bad service.  It's been a 45 min. since I ordered and I've asked twice about my meal.  Several groups have shown up after me, have eaten, and left.  Didn't know a bowl of soup and a sandwich was to tall of an order.Update, nice lady came by with my meal and offered a refund.  Her genuine concern and my belief you should pay what you owe were more than enough to understand the mistake. I refused the refund.Will return.
5	I love this place. The potato soup is amazing. They have wonderful customer service as well. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
4	As far as Paneras go, this one is a-okay. As with most restaurants it can be hit or miss depending on the day, time and employees when you are there. I find that in the evenings, the "C-crew" is usually on duty. That means SLOW service, small portions, and an unwillingness to make the customer happy. On several occasions when I've dined here after 6 pm I've been told that they were "out" of different soups, whole grain bread, etc. with no offer to fix something else. Call me crazy but I think a restaurant with "Bread" in its name ought to have whole grain and plain baguettes, which come as standard sides with every meal, cooking up fresh. If the kitchen is out, then they need to bake more! What the heck? At lunch time the "A-crew" is usually working so you get better food and service. This place gets insanely crowded during the lunch rush so get there early if you want a seat and you want to avoid lines. The staff tries hard to keep the tables clean but there are always some jackass businessmen who get there at 9 am, order coffee, and then sit and hog boots or tables made for 4 people all day long. So rude. The interior could use a little TLC and renovation; the place is usually pretty clean but the furnishings are falling apart (note the photo I took of one of their chairs with a huge hole it in fixed with tape). The salads here are really good and they use good ingredients. I do agree that the portion sizes can be very small, especially if you don't eat bread or carbs. I usually have the cobb salad here since I'm a low-carber. Check out my photo of the salad they actually served me recently -- the chicken portion on top was SO SKIMPY, even by Panera's standards. This location has a good selection of fountain sodas (Pepsi brand) and they even have caffeine free Diet Pepsi. Their fresh brewed ice tea is great.
5	My fiance and I just moved to Vegas and this place was awesome for a quick lunch. The broccoli cheddar soup was amazing and we both got frozen lemonades which we to die for. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a quick sit down lunch or for a quick pick up!
3	Wow, I highly suggest not going at lunch time and if you do be prepared. Parking was a pain not to mention everyone was driving wayyy too fast. Before entering I already saw a huge line but I went in anyways! I saw on their menu that they have a 2 for 6.99 deal going on. So I got the broccoli cheddar, Caesar salad, and baguette. As for a drink I just got a cup of water since its free and it doesn't taste like sink water lol.Wondering why I only gave three stars? Not because of the line and not because of the parking lot. I knocked off two stars all because of their CRAPPY Caesar Salad! The lettuce was BROWN! & the good colored lettuce is that part that taste like water. Not to mention was barely any dressing so I was basically chewing water =\ oh oh and I cannot forget the croutons..wow that thing was STALE.  The soup on the other hand was SO GOOD. I wish I had gone with my initial thought which was to get a bread bowl. The cherry on top was the baguette though! I just love dipping bread into soup and eating it! Overall I'll be back for soup and skip on their salad..
2	Friendly staff, good food, but they cannot simply get our order right...ever. I am not exaggerating and its not just sometimes, it is every time. Whether it be as simple as forgetting extra dressing on the side, or an extra baguette we paid for, all the way up to forgetting the roast beef in my Asiago roast beef sandwich! We have even had pieces of a plastic bag in the soup we ordered. I've eaten at other Paneras across the country and I do not recall as many issues as this particular location has, which leads me to believe poor management is responsible. We have brought it to several different manager's attention, and the issues are still ongoing. So beware if ordering takeout, be prepared to double check your order, even unwrapping your sandwich to make sure they didn't forget the meat. If dining in, chances are you will be asking the server to bring you an item they forgot to include, but at least they can correct that while you are there.
4	Great soups and sandwiches.  My usual favorite is the grilled cheese pannini with turkey in it and a cup of broccoli cheese soups.  (love to dip my sand. into the soup) They have fresh ingredients and several teas for a healthy washing down of your food.  You might be tempted by their full-fledged bakery there where they have something for everyone.  Join their club and get good offers regularly...
3	I wish they had a drive thru but you can't have it all I suppose. The food is fresh and tasty according to my 3 year old daughter who is a discerning foodie. (Nothing pleases her more than a steak & a crisp Caesar Salad) All kids meals must have a good toy to meet her expectations. I like this location but prefer the one in Boca Park. This one is closer so we shall return.Get the Panera Card for free drinks, pastries, etc.
4	Been here many times, this is the closest one to work so my co-workers and I tend to come to this location when we want a filling, healthy meal.I've tried various combos between their pastas, soup, salad & sandwiches. My favorite is as simple as it gets: Grilled Cheese Sandwich, Tomato Soup, Green Tea & Chocolate Pastry. You have a choice if you'd like chips or a side of bread with your combo too. The price isn't the best and meals are hit-or-miss but it hasn't stopped me from coming here. Soup is always piping hot, sandwich is toasted, drink is delicious. When I've slurped my Green Tea to the last drop, I refill with their Acai Berry Tea, which is equally delicious as well. I'm definitely a fan. :)
3	First of all, I'd like to start off with the fact that I love Panera Bread. Soups, salads, breads, and pastas are my ultimate comfort food and this location is conveniently less than five minutes away, so it does sadden me quite a bit to be giving them a three-star rating. For that, I will start with the good stuff:The food is fresh, filling, and of great taste. The ingredients always deliver quality! The atmosphere includes cozy tungsten lighting and several booths amongst the (kind of) crowded tables and chairs; however, I am knocking off points for this location's service. The time of day definitely matters. I've been here enough to know that sometimes there's a bit of a wait for even the simplest of orders. There was even a circumstance in which someone in my party was told they were out of one of his orders and this would have been completely fine if he was told immediately, but he was told after a twenty-minute wait which meant he had to wait even longer. We were forced to eat ahead of him to avoid dining on cold soup. *tear*Other than that, Panera's a pretty decent spot to have a healthy meal! I would have given them a four-star rating if it weren't for the service... I do love all of their soups and the Iced Green Tea is a must for those who like a refreshingly sweet beverage! The "You Pick 2" is also perfect for numerous combinations!
3	I hadn't been to a Panara Bread in years, but I decided to give it a shot because I was in the area.  The restaurant is gorgeous, very peaceful, lots of seating,  and clean, but I was kind of underwhelmed. While my ham & swiss sandwich was fine, it was definitely not worth $6.80.  Maybe $4.00 at best. I'm sure that I was paying for the overhead, not for the food.  I know it is a step up from fast food, but I felt like I could have easily made this in my kitchen.  Luckily I came right before the lunchtime rush, so I didn't have to wait in the long line.I'm sticking to Firehouse for my sandwiches. Oh well, Panara.
1	Came in for a quick to go order the staff was talking amongst them selves and yelling across the restaurant jokingly. I tried to order the a bread bowl but they were out of the bowls. The girl offered to comp me extra prices of bread to go with it so it so I ordered. I get my order and "the entire store is out of bread". It was kind of like oh well we are out. I came later so I kind of understand the lack of bowls but they offered something they couldn't follow through with which was annoying. The store overall just had a very unprofessional atmosphere which was irritating. I feel like I paid $6 for a small cup of soup from a bunch of kids which wasn't the experience I anticipated. Will probably continue to go to the boca park location from now on.
4	We stopped in Panera for a late evening snack. The staff was very pleasant as we have come to expect and the soup and half sandwich selection suited us well. The cream of chicken with wild rice soup was very good, and my wife also enjoyed her chicken noodle soup. We each had the ham and swiss cheese sandwiches. The table staff person was friendly and attentive without being overly so. We just don't think to go to Panera often enough.
5	I love this location, the wifi is fast and easy, all the employees are super friendly and I dont get any problems when I make off the menu requests :)
4	Free Wi-Fi, Unlimited Coffee Refills of surprisingly decent quality, a handful of individually bagged hot teas, and now with 3-4 varieties of iced tea plus iced coffee - sure I'm not going to pay what they charge for a sandwich I could make for 1/3 the price using better ingredients at home, but for beverages and simply killing time or getting some work done there aren't too many places I prefer.
4	This location is closest to my place in Spring Valley.  Food is always fresh, and the service is always friendly and quick.  Fuji apple salad is my favorite!Perfect combo of sweet and tangy, and the fruits/veggie combo is really refreshing.Tomato soup is always perfect.My favorite location is the Boca Park just because of seating, but this one is suffice!
2	I don't think I'm imagining this, however, I've been a fan of Panera for years and I've noticed the sandwiches are getting smaller and they're getting pretty stingy with what goes in it. I just bought a $9 "Premium Signature Sandwich" and it's literally about the size of my iPhone, and just twice as thick! I'll post a picture for those who think I'm exaggerating. Aside from the now overpriced food, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant. This was the first time I actually thought my girlfriend got a better deal with her salad than I did with my sandwich.
5	This Panera is excellent. The staff have always been friendly and extra courteous.  They bring your food to you and clean up after you as well. It's more like a restaurant than a fast food joint.
4	Now that cooler temps are here, I have found myself hooked on soup from Panera... And this is my favorite Panera location in town. The staff is always very friendly and helpful, and I even when I go during the lunch rush there is rarely a long wait. The eating area is kept clean, the only thing that could make this panera better is the parking area can get a little crazy at times. I don't particularly care for the "soup schedule" (soups that are available one day aren't necessarily available the following day), but it is very rare that Panera doesn't have a soup that appeals to me every time I go in. And I really love that the employees will let you sample the soups if you are having a hard time deciding which to get!Nine times out of ten, I go with the 'Pick 2', which allows you to select soup and half a sandwich, or soup and salad, or 2 soups, or a sandwich and salad... you get the idea. I've never been disappointed with what I ordered in terms of flavor or portion size. I typically get my food to go from Panera, but every so often I eat in and this is a pretty cozy spot to do so. I always see people working away on their laptops. I am definitely a fan of Panera, and this specific location in particular.
5	I have no shame in saying how much I love Panera!  I have always preferred Panera's coffee over Starbucks & I only wish they would open smaller stores so I could have it more often.  I love their rewards card too - I usually get a free item of sorts every couple of months.  Not only is the food high quality but they also have delicious baked goods, smoothies, etc - something for everyone.  The employees are always super friendly too!
1	Absolutely horrible service, food, iced chai tea latte, and cinnamon roll. My 9 year old son compared the cinnamon roll to the one at school. Come on panera. Clark county school district cinnamon rolls taste the same as yours? Time to change. Also on my steak and white cheddar sandwich the steak was undercooked, and cold in the center. I sent it back and it was as if they put the whole sandwich in the toaster twice. This time the bread was super hard and the steak was tasteless. The manager said "what do you want me to do, replace it"? In a question.  Utterly dissatisfied.  I will never be back.
4	I am a fan of all Panera Bread establishments. The homemade soups are divine!  The pasta is always hot and filling,the sandwiches are packed with meats and veggies,depending in what you order and the Asian shrimp Thai salad is amazing!! It's big enough to share for two. The orders always come out nice and quick and every staff member I have dealt with,whether it be ordering or someone taking my empty dish,they are always very friendly.
5	Love it!..small gourmet proportioned sandwiches! Great place to also bring out the laptop and do some work. I usually get the Italian with chips and their special made ice teas. Can't go wrong here!
5	I'm @ panera 5 days a week and its always five stars. All the staff and management are great. Nick, Luke and Angela are always more than helpful. When it comes to food it's hard finding a place that's consistent. I highly recommend the bagels they are soft and fresh and perfect to start the day.
5	I love eating here. My boyfriend used to work at this location and first introduced me to the food here and honestly, I LOVE IT! I would eat here everyday if I could afford it lol. ALWAYS satisfied. And nice customer service(:
4	I find Panera to be a pretty consistent place to get a good lunch no matter where you are, but this is the location closest to me, so the one I frequent most often. I find the staff can be hit or miss, but most of the time they are very friendly and knowledgeable. The girls working the register today were very nice and could easily answer questions about what was in this or that item. Meals are generally pretty quick here too, so you can easily be in and out in 30 minutes, which for a sit down meal is pretty good I think. I love their soups here and today I got the broccoli soup in a bread bowl, with a side of more bread. Craving carbs, lol, and while both breads were good, the side of bread was much tastier than the bowl I think. The broccoli soup is always yummy. As far as food, I have never had a bad meal here. My hubby is so-so on it but I think that is because he is more of a burger guy. If you like soups, salads, and sandwiches, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. We have also come for bagels in the morning which are great and I have taken bread home (asiago loaf) which is delicious. All in all, a great place  to eat that feels much healthier than a fast food alternative in about the same amount of time and price.
2	Ordered a family sized chicken noodle soup with three Frontega paninis. While walking out, I checked the bag to make sure the order was right. I noticed the chips were missing. Not a problem, it happens. Walked back and was given back the chips with an apology. By the time I get home I noticed the bag was wet and dripping. The soup cap wasn't secured all the way and soup spilled all over the carpet in my car. And to top it all off, of course I was given the wrong soup. Wish I would of checked more thoroughly the first time to see if my order was right. I didn't check the soup because it was in the bottom of the bag under the sandwiches. I just assumed it was right. So furiously, I drive all the way back and ask for the manager. I give him my receipt to prove my order was wrong and asked to replace the soup and be compensated. He had a dirty look on his face and didn't even sincerely apologize about the whole situation. All he said was "oh sorry about that" with an uncaring attitude. He was acting as if I'm one of those free loaders who complains all the time and tries to score free food. I'm not that kind of person, it takes A LOT for me to get upset and complain to a manager.  I was given my money back with a new soup, but honestly I could care less about the money. I just want to pay for excellent customer service and good food and that be the end of it. All in all, terrible customer service today. Not sure if I'll never come back because my previous visits were smooth. I guess it's just a hit or miss coming to this location.
5	This is one of my favorite places.  Everything so fresh. The service is top notch feeling like 5 star restaurant   You will not be disappointed.
5	I have always loved Pantera and this location is awesome! It is so clean and always has fast service! Their coffee is always hot and most of all I love that they have so many outlets and free wifi so I can work on my computer while I have coffee! They also have the best tomato soup ever! Love this place!
3	I live near the Panera on rampart but try this location as I was in the area. Three stars because the staff was very sweet. I ordered a half and half. I didn't specify what type of cheese and my grilled cheese came with American that wasn't good quality.  The soup was lukewarm and that wouldn't have been so bad if my hot chocolate wasn't piping hot -not a good combination. I went in for Wi-Fi and before I ordered I asked if they had Wi-Fi. The girl that took my order asked another girl and she said "yes" they did. When I went to use the Wi-Fi it wouldn't work.  There are plenty of other places in the area with Wi-FI.  I needed to get online. After my meal I ended up parking near Starbucks- which is in the same shopping center-  and getting on their Wi-Fi.
2	***Highlights***: GREAT CHAIN COMPANY, FREE WIFI, Consistent Menu, great place to meet up casually with some friends. Starbucks style.Negatives: Didn't LOVE this location (Experienced way better locations), particular location was too busy, dirty, no effort in food preparation. I find the Panera Bead Chain to be AWESOME. Great place to casually meet up with friends for a light lunch. Great place to meet up with someone you just met. Unfortunately I didn't have a great experience with this location. The lady who brought me my lunch also was sweeping the floors. Dishes were stacked high at the trash cans. Lines to order were 7 people deep, food took a while to get to me considering I only ordered a half a sandwich and some soup. Crazy how busy this location was for a Tuesday afternoon.Price/Food: $10-15 Lunch. Food is always really light and refreshing at Panera Bread. Its basic safe ground for your picky eaters. In my opinion the food is a little bit pricey for the quantity, type of food, and preparation effort you are getting. I paid $12 for a half a sandwich, a bowl of french onion soup, and a soda. Was not so impressed with this particular location. Spoon was not very clean and had water spots, sandwich was very tiny and falling apart (3 big bites for a guy), and soup was just warm. I asked for the soup croutons on the side and they gave me about 4 croutons in a soup container. They didn't even bother to cut my bread in half. They just ripped a chunk off the loaf. I do however like how Panera Bread uses real cuts of turkey, and not the thin sliced pressed stuff.Service/Ambiance: I like how the cashiers are separate from food preparation area. As busy as this location was, the cashier took the time to answer my questions and offer and explain to me about their rewards card. The customer service was spot on and everyone was friendly, but the food took forever to come out. This location cannot keep up with the amount of people that are coming through. Tables were dirty, floors had trash, trash cans were over flowing. Parking lot was packed. But on a positive note; there is a burger place next door, and a Panda express next door to that, with tables all outside, for those times when each person is in the mood for something different.
5	This is hands down the best Panera location in town, and that I have ever been to. They have extremely friendly staff who don't turn over constantly, so you are greeted by familiar faces that learn your order, and always take care of any issues you may have.The general manager Luke strikes up conversation with me every morning, asks how things are going with me, and is genuinely interested in me as a person. The same goes for Ashley, a bubbly ray of sunshine even at 630AM. Maddy, Natalie, and Bianca who work the front register are all phenomenal as well. The assistant/catering managers are all wonderful. I've only had a handful of not-so-good experiences, but that is to be expected.I will say that the morning crew is leaps and bounds better than the afternoon crew. That may be because of different staff, or because there is so much more going on at lunch and dinner time that makes it hard to manage. Either way, I love this Panera!
5	Paige and Nick at Panera Bread at the Fort Apache location were amazing! I had a very specific order and was worried that some of the details would be missed. Both of them were patient and very careful to ensure that everything was correct. I really appreciate the level of detail and the care they took to make sure the product was correct, fresh and ready on time. Our company owner was extremely happy and we will very likely order from Panera and this location again. Congratulations and Thank you! Carmen Gigar-
5	I have been here a few times but the customer service is absolutely fantastic. They have one employee is very helpful and happy every time I go there. She always has a smile on her face and she genuinely seems to be very happy to be working there. I don't know her name but she's the one with the red hair and gauges in her ears. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. They are quick even during their very busy lunch. Monday through Friday, the line is always to the door but taking that into consideration, the wait isn't too bad. Their Mac and cheese is absolutely amazing! The options when ordering are never ending.
4	This is one of my favorite places for lunch. The food is always good and fresh, they have lots of healthy options, and the staff members are super friendly.
3	Great staff, terrible sandwich... I did make the whole sandwich into a decent half of a sandwich... Not enough turkey.... It's a sandwich it's not that hard
5	The freshest fuji apple salad ever, Panera never disappoints, is consistent and delicious. The cashier was the friendliest yet down to earth and they should give her a raise for being such a good representation of customer service.
1	After hearing so many good things about this place, I finally got a chance to go there and I was so disappointed.  The girl who took my order, Natalie. was so busy trying to sell me extras that she didn't listen to what I ordered so when I got my order it was wrong. Another girl took my sandwich back and, instead of making me a fresh one, just had them put that same one in the panini press, lettuce and all. When I got it back it looked like it had been practically thrown in the box. I went back in and spoke to the manager who was lovely and left without buying anything even though she offered to make another panini for me. Also, two other people came in after me and the girl who served them asked if it was their first time there and when they said it was they got a free pastry! Natalie didn't hook me up like that.
5	I love Luke and Ashley and the rest of the staff at this location. Been going for 5 years and will continue. Thanks for always doing a good job
5	I love coming to Panera! Ashley Love and Luke always brighten my day. The staff here is so amazing and friendly! We have been coming for years. Great food and wonderful service!
4	Yummy!! Love this place from the soups to the sandwiches. Love the fact the everything is fresh and the chicken is free range. They have so many selection on both salads and sandwiches. The bread selection is awesome! My favorite is the Cobb salad. Love that they give you the option of bread, apples, or chips. Service was quick and staff is polite. It is a little higher than any other place with the same type of food but its because its fresh and great quality. If you want to something fresh and healthy this is an excellent choice!
5	An incredible lunch spot! The smell draws you in. I've been coming to Pantera for years. I think I've been to almost all of the Vegas locations.  I've never had a horrible experience or bad service at this location. They are fast and keep the place clean. My lunch of choice is the Pick Two. I go with the broccoli cheese soup and the half sandwich. My favorite sandwich is the Turkey Bacon Avocado. You also get your choice of bread or an apple. Being a carb addict,  I always choose the bread. Yeah, yeah I know it's not good for me. I also enjoy the flavored teas they offer. I feel slightly healthier drinking the tea even though I have no idea what's in it. This is a great place to enjoy some lunch as I often do with some coworkers.
4	I love panera, but not particularly this location. It's better than dealing with Boca Park, though. I only get pick up from here, but they have only ever got my (picky) order wrong once, and of course corrected it. I love the new BBQ chicken flatbread, it has spinach, chicken, BBQ sauce, and crispy onions. One half is good for me, but my boyfriend usually gets two different flatbreads. They also have 99c pastries!
5	the only Panera Bread I come to in town, such a clean area & enough seats for lunch time when the rush comes in. the food is always great. I have yet to have a bad experience.
1	My sweet husband went to pick me up some chicken noodle soup and bread because I have been sick all week. We ordered two soups, bread, Mac n cheese, and two cookies. (The restaurant was out of bread bowls, which was a real letdown.) What was completely ridiculous was how we ended up with a bunch of random soups, no bread and no cookies. It was as if the people at Panera weren't even trying to get our order right. What a disappointment. We certainly won't be going back to Panera again.
5	I can be a picky chooser but everything here is soo yummy. Sometimes it get's hard to choose but if you're craving pasta, delicious salads, handcrafted sandwiches or bread and only have about less than an hour to spare, Panera is the place to go. It's classy, very clean, staff friendly and delicious. Also a place where you can study, hang out with friends, host a meeting etc. Definately a place I'll be going as long as there's one open.
1	I like Panera, I like the food, I like the company ideology but sadly for me, this location has been a disaster. I WISH I had as good an experience as the other reviewers.I like to buy my crew lunch, and thought the online ordering would make it easier.Almost every time it is not right, but a few experiences at this location were REALLY bad!One time the order was messed up, special requests were not taken care of (Like no tomato, not challenging requests), we were missing stuff. I gave them the benefit of the doubt, called to request a refund for the missing items. It took 4 calls, 2 days, and a manager to get what was missing refunded. They kept telling me I had to drive 25 minutes back in with my card to get the refund - WTF??A second time,  I placed an online order, with a specific pick up time. Went myself to pick it up, I waited 90 minutes past the pick up time. YES- you heard me...90 MINUTES! It was a total disaster in there! Pure chaos. Seriously, painful to watch chaos. It was really bad! But the manager came up to me and apologized and asked me to please try again- on them. OK, fair enough.So the week following, I placed a smaller lunch order for my crew. E-Mailed it over, and called the manager to let him know it was coming in. He remembered me, but still said he was slammed and it would take another 90 minutes to get the order together. That was fine, I sent someone in to pick it up at the agreed time. They can't find the order, and said they never received it. Even though the 2nd e-mail I sent though went though with out a glitch. He then informed the person picking it up, it would be another 45 minutes to make the 7 sandwiches. We declined.I do not know what the deal is with this location, but I cannot risk another crew lunch order here. They cannot seem to get their act together with large orders.Someone needs to go in and help this location, they are BROKEN.
1	Oh man... As much as I love Panera Bread and their delicious food, it pains me to give this location a lonely, single star rating. Guigo Gilo, their catering manager, had promised us a complimentary order for our crew since we had multiple issues with previous orders. He claims he has a bad computer system, that he's not getting emails and that's why TWICE now our pre-ordered food didn't get made for pickup. Today, when he said it'd be another 30-45 minutes' wait to complete our order (making this the THIRD time for such a delay), I had no choice but to leave this poorly managed Panera site to wallow in its own mediocrity. We'll be taking our business elsewhere and I strongly recommend you do the same, dear reader.
1	I have been to this location several times before and normally the food has been on point and the service has been decent. But after today's trip to Panera, it pains me to leave this 1 star review, but after what occurred today I felt that it was the only thing that I could do.First, they were out of Broccoli Soup at 12:45 in the afternoon. I would have understood had it been later in the day sure, but you are in the middle of the lunch rush and you run out of a key item. Second was I ordered a Tomato and Mozzarella Panini and it was the most pathetic thing I have ever seen. The sandwich had 2 pieces of mozzarella cheese, 4 slices of tomato and and a pathetic amount of sun dried tomatoes. Third, the Turkey & Bacon Sandwich had no flavor what so ever. The sandwich looked like they just threw it together and there was no care to what it looked like. The only positive of this trip was the Peanut Butter Cookie, which is sad to say.It really pains me to say this but I don't think I will be going back to this location and may not go back to Panera because this trip has really left a sour taste in my mouth.
1	Update since last review:Wrote both the cooperate office and the GM of this location going into detail the series of issues we have had over the past couple months. Not a single reply.
1	I've waited 10 minutes for a bread bowl soup...seriously?! It's super slow and no one else is in line! The whole time the manager and employees have kept looking at me standing here and no one has bothered to ask me if I need any help. I finally had to speak up to get some service. This place was great before new management came in.
4	I love Panera! It's somewhere I go religiously! I was really upset when they discontinued the steak and blue cheese salad. When we went I saw that they had put it back on the menu, and I was so excited to have it in my life again! When I got the salad I noticed something was missing! They didn't have the blue cheese chunks! Also, they put A LOT of dressing. It was drenched! They are normally the best at making my salads but just a little thrown off today! I also got the bread bowl soup which is always sooooo good! Especially on cold days! I love this location because it had so many outlets and free wifi!
3	Average - this place has gone down in estimation in my opinion.  It's been at least 5 yrs since Ive been to obe of these joints and I was pretty disappointed with the food. Pick two: pasta & soup. Everything was too salty and portions have gotten much smaller since I can remember :-(  Girls at the counter were very nice though.
4	My friend and I come every now and then (only on Fridays) for their Friday soup (claw chowder). You can do pick 2 for a sandwich and soup combo (what I do). Place your order, get a number, and find a table. You'll be brought your food.Haven't had any issues with service nor food quality. They also have a claw chowder bread bowl (reminds me of Disneyland, hehe) so definitely try that out. Will be back on a Friday again soon :D.
4	Panera Bread is a chain that I used often back when I was in SF. They have good sandwich, soup, salad and coffee, as well as the nice seats, power outlets and all combined, qualified as a comfortable place to work.I like this location over other places in town, it's somehow better in food quality and in seating / layout.
2	I waited almost 20 minutes while i watched others receive their food for soup, salad, and kids buttered noodles. When they finally brought out our food I was met with half wilted lettuce with nothing but dressing. I inquired about the croutons and was told they were out but never was I given the option to change my order  prior to this discovery. When I asked why it took so long I was simply told that the were busy. There were no attempts to make up for the slow service though the girl who brought the food out apologized, nothing else was done. I come here a lot and was shocked at this experience.
