4	The last time I'd gone to one of these was when I was in college...so I was a little curious to see how it was now.I ordered a patty melt and onion rings.  My other party member tried the cheeseburger, fries, and strawberry shake.The patty melt was greasy...but not more than you'd get other places.  It was decent, a little large.  I could only eat half.  I'd rather they had put American cheese instead of Cheddar... The fries weren't very tasty either, and they forgot the cheese in the cheeseburger (uh...main ingredient.)...So why four stars?The onion rings were scrumptious!  Crunchy and great flavor...and it came piping hot.  The shakes are so insanely creamy good.  The service was really good too.  When the waitress was told we were in a rush to go see a movie, she hustled.  The staff picks a song at random and starts to dance in the middle of the dining area....pretty amusing.  It beats the loud off tone happy birthday singing, for sure!The specialties are the shakes and malts.  Lots of flavors to choose from, and the only one that I'd have reservations about trying would be the apple pie shake.  Something about it just sounds....wrong.  I'm picturing slurping a piece of pie into my mouth?  Ew.It just a generally upbeat typical chain 50's type diner.  It probably helped that there weren't too many customers in the place.Just thinking about it makes me want a milkshake.
3	I'm an Northwest guy, having lived outside of Portland and Seattle for maybe nine years.  So when my brother got tired of the overcast skies and moved to the greater Phoenix area, I decided it was a great chance to get some sun myself.We saw the review for Johnny Rockets and couldn't pass up the onion rings.  Don't get me wrong, they were good, but probably not good enough to deserve an extra star.  Call me a foodie, but I want something to really wow my taste buds.On the overall, this place had an awesome atmosphere.  It was a bit early, maybe 10 or 11am, so not too many people.  At each table they have a small Jukebox, and when you sit down your waiter or waitress gives you five nickels so that you can pick some music (songs are only 5 a selection).I ordered the Route 66 burger (mushroom burger) and my brother ordered some bacon burger.  I saw a sign in the restaurant that recommended my choice, but it was definitely a let down.  Not much flavor.  Sorta greasy, but lack of any flavor sorta killed it.  Actually, it was one of the worst mushroom burgers I've had, don't know how they screwed that one up.Now my brother loved his bacon burger, and I had a bite.  It was really good.  I guess I should never underestimate the power of bacon.  We never got a chance for a milkshake though, as the burgers were pretty filling.Last thing I should mention though is the dancing.  I think that everyone can agree two white boys getting down to Funky Town is hilarious, but for the whole song is a little much.  We felt so bad for them we left some extra tip.  Johnny Rockets, why can't you hire women to dance to music for our pleasure?  Why did it have to be men?  I probably would have added an extra star for female amusement.And btw, I don't know what was wrong with our jukebox, cause I could not get Jimmy Buffet's Cheeseburger in Paradise to play.  They other songs worked, but why not Jimmy Buffet? :-)
1	I have never been here before and wanted to check it out. We walked in and the place was absolutely filthy. Every table that we walked up to was dirty...not just a little...i mean there was trash on the tables, ketchup, drinks spilled on the floor. It looked like there was a food fight.  There were about 5 employees behind the counter playing around and when I asked if someone could please clean a table I was told that there should be a clean one somewhere.Ok...see ya !!
2	I give this place 2 stars because for the same price you can get better burgers somewhere else. The fries are very good though, and the onion rings are meh....  Also tried the chicken tenders.... not to great. I have been here many times with friends. My wife use to work there when we started dating and I know a supervisor there that I went to high school with. Depending on who you get sometimes it can take very long before you get your food, and for them to check up on you. I made a complaint once to the manager about a girl that never checked up on us and all he did is say... "so what do you want me to do" then stared. It's not like I was being an ass about it... I can understand he might have been tired as the place can get very busy but that is no reason for a manager.Besides the food and service not being that great... the dancing is pretty funny to see, and I'm a sucker for the 50's era. The place just looks cool.
3	We have been to this location a few times too. Love the shakes!!! But I fill out on the shake before my food is out, so I end of taking food home. Order the cheese fries and was disappointed to find 1 slice of American cheese melted on top of the fries. I was thinking you get a little lot cheese then 1 slice. The rocket wings are alright. Got the Patty Melt, it was a little greasier than normal. It was good!
2	Was not impressed. My tuna sandwich was very dry and my salad was not very impressive either. The service was quick and pleasant though.
4	Super surprised!  Having never been a big fan of the Johnny Rockets chain, I was not holding out a lot of hope for this spin off.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.The burger, upon first glance gave me the impression that my skepticism on this place would be dead on... however, this is a great example about how looks can be deceiving.  The burger was thin, looked dry, and had copious amounts of lettuce... usually not a good sign.  Then I took a bite.... The burger was moist, and pretty darn flavorful!  I was quite shocked.  The fries were tasty, and the shake (although not as good as some other places) was pretty tasty as well.  We shared a burger, fries, and a Oreo shake for less than $10.The concept is simple, the prices are good to average and the staff was nice. They are in the first weeks of opening, with a grand opening still to come, so I hope the customer service levels stay high after they have gotten comfortable. And I hope the burger is still as tasty as it was today.  I would be back, I would definitely go here before I would go to its big brother Johnny Rockets. It is by the movie theatre, the prices were right, staff was friendly and helpful and it was fast without being fast food.
4	Pretty much a simplified version of the original Johnny Rocket's menu.  Food is cooked to order, which is always fresh tasting.Minus one for tiny teacup plates the burgers are served on.  The onion ring and french fry portions have been cut wayyy down; don't expect the same portioning you received when it was Johnny Rocket's.
1	Horrible, will not go back! This was our first time here since they changed from the original Johnny Rockets. It's a poor copycat version of Five Guys/Smash Burger. The cost per person for a double burger (frozen patties) with cheese was over $8. This included these skinny lil French fries.  If they want to charge gourmet burger prices they need to have quality food! The burgers at Five Guys, Smashburger and Culvers are much better. They also need some quality fries, not shoe strings. The new atmosphere.... has no character at all, the old theme was enjoyed many. The old fashioned diner theme is hot right now so I don't understand this change. We won't be back!
1	We tried this place right after it changed from Johnny Rockets, absolutely horrible and we have not been back.  Burgers have no flavor and are very small at a high price.  Atmosphere changed to a don't give a damn mentality.  This place used to pack in the people, went to movie theater last week on a Saturday night, it was dinner time and they had 4 customers in restaurant.
3	Simplified menu, good burgers, unremarkableI like the prototype restaurant concept of this Johnny Rockets in terms of the simplified menu and quick service.  Burgers are tasty if a tad small, and the place is easy to eat at with younglings.  Only drawback is this approach makes the restaurant completely unremarkable.  It's hard to recall anything noteworthy from the experience.  Johnny Rocket's at least had that 1950s theme.  JR's needs a signature dish and dessert, amazing service, or a decorative theme to make you pick it over anything else.
2	Well that didn't last long.... Less than a year and the prices are already going up.  Never really busy when I am here, at most there have been 3 other patrons during my visit... So maybe they are trying to compensate for the overhead and lack of business by raising prices, but that's not going to work people.  Look at all the other  places around you, your competition's pretty high. Four other burger places at this intersection alone. My order has gone up nearly $3 since my first visit.... Dangerous, especially in this neighborhood!While I am thrilled to have added options in this area, if they're gonna play this game it's not worth it..Burgers used to be juicy and flavorful, now they are just the thin dryness I expected before my first visit (see first review).  The fries are decent still if you can get them hot or fresh.  Today's visit they were downright chewy. A pigeon would probably turn the other way! When I asked for new ones the manager didn't seem surprised, guess he thought I might just keep quiet.  When I brought it up his response was "oh, do you want fresh ones made?" Sigh. No, I'd like more chewy ones left over from the lunch rush that have been under the heat lamp for an hour please!As I am writing this they have customers sitting at the outside table between their two entrance doors smoking and throwing their butts on the ground.  Rude, distasteful, gross, and ILLEGAL... But the staff is too busy in their conversation to do anything, what about the manager you say? Oh well he is too busy "Scaring the 'crap' out of" the cashier to care...yes, crap was just yelled across this "family" restaurant.Oh JRs, I know you're the lonely stepchild of Johnny Rockets, so I was skeptical to love you at all... Turns out if I just have it enough time I would be right... My love for you was shorter than a Hollywood marriage.
3	So...I had a coupon and had never tried Johnny Rockets, so the family and I decided to check it out.When we went it was dead, all the employees looked pretty bored, I guess the nights and weekends make up for it since this Johnny Rockets is located next to a movie theater. What turned me off instantly was the employes uniforms, they wore white shirts but they looked more dingy and wrinkly then anything. Just makes you hope they use good hygiene while preparing your food if you know what I mean. We tried to use our coupons but you can only use one per transaction. It was kids eat free Monday thru Thursday, so we went with the free kids meals instead of the coupons since you can only use one. We ended up spending about 40$ something. A little more than I was expecting to spend. Especially if the food was meh. So the food...I ordered the original burger, but the cheddar and bacon was much better so my hubby traded me. The shakes are good, the fries and the onion rings are ok. One thing I really enjoyed were those yummy and crunchy sliced pickles, found at the condiment bar. Would I go back to have one of their burgers, nah, probably not. There's other places that are more appealing.
3	Over priced! Might as well walk over to Red Robin and get a better burger & more options. I'm pretty sure the cashier that took our order was new so I'm gonna go easy on him. Hopefully he'll get better as time goes on. Our order was missing an item but it turns out he didn't charge us for it. Maybe read our order back next time? Our fault too, I guess I should have looked at the receipt. I just can't get over the prices of their food. Far from great food.
1	It was ok! Have been here before it changed names and then did go back to Johnny Rockets. No one was in the place on a Friday night around dinner time. Placed order quickly. Chicken club with a side order if chili cheese fries and a strawberry shake. The shake came out pretty fast, not tasting too much strawberry. Chicken club came out with out any bacon so it was sent back. Bacon added. Watched employees stand around and chat. They seem to be bored and complained it was slow. Watched a cook add money to te jukebox with gloves still on and then head back into the kitchen. Did not observe him cook with said gloves but did bring it to someone's attention. Observed another employee comeback with ChicFila. That gave me some concern, but I have also worked in fast food and it does get boring after a while. Will not return. Just unsure of safe food handling procedures.
3	Loved their food, but they took WAY too long to get it to us. My husband isn't much of a patient man, but being the only customers, he assumed it would go by fast. Unfortunately, it definitely did not. They decided it was training time and ended up over cooking our food while giggling and laughing about it. My food came to me a mess :( I've never had a problem with this place, so I'd highly recommend it for the food, but apparently society just lacks on customer service now a days. Their is no such thing as the CUSTOMER being RIGHT anymore.
3	Had a good experience here. The food was good and the prices were ok. We received very good service from multiple people and felt the staff were really happy to have us there. We hit it at a quieter time of day. I would go back but there are lots of places like this around. Some of the other reviews claim the service isn't great so I'm not sure if I'd risk it again even though we had a good experience.
4	Ppl here are very nice and friendly!!!!! They made a smiley face ketchup for me, good time when I was kinda feeling dwn!!!!
3	Had the milkshake and it was pretty good, except all the other things they had in the menu which i didn't want.
3	Not a bad burgerMy nephew really enjoys Johnny Rockets burgers so occasionally we find ourselves going there.The food is good especially for the price. The shakes are unbelievably good and the service is second to none. Our drinks were constantly filled  and  our server made sure we had  everything we needed to make our dining experience a positive one.I would recommend Johnny Rockets to anyone who wanted a good meal at a reasonable price.
