5	This place is the real deal- all organic meat, none of which comes from more than 2 hours away. The selection is awesome too- you will find a lot of stuff here that you cant find anywhere else. I will definitely be back.
5	When you step into the Urbana Butcher Shop, your perception of quality meat will be forever changed. All local, grass-fed, and every part of the animal butchered and used in shop. This meat just looks, and tastes, amazing. Not only will you find fantastic pork tenderloin, ground beef, etc, but also oxtail, beef heart, rabbit, and any other unique cut you could want. They do an awesome job of making great sausages as well; the loukanika and merguez were amazing. They also do a daily sandwich for lunch that is delicious! Get here and support them now and often!
4	The only reason why this gets a 4 instead of a 5 is because they can frequently run out of product and the selection can be slim. Other than that,  their prepared food and their meat cuts are always top quality.  What a urbana gem!The fact that they frequently run out can be a good thing because you know when they have what you're looking for,  its going to be very fresh.
5	I stopped by for the first time today, and it was amazing.  The meat selection, while small, was pretty impressive.  The sausages alone were incredible, as the variety was pretty unusual for Central Illinois (Merguez and Toulouse, to name a couple).Also, a great assortment of meats including pheasant, lamb, rabbit, beef and chicken.  It's not a run-of-the-mill butcher counter, but that's part of what makes the place special.Then, there's the cooked food.  I enjoyed a Toulouse sausage sandwich with Panetta and a fried egg on top.  My friend enjoyed the Chicken burrito that seemed to have smoked chicken, ham, scrambled egg and cheese.  Both were delicious and well worth the trip.
3	Stopped in Sunday afternoon for a bite. Ambiance is nice and simple. Service was prompt and friendly. I had the smoked chicken sandwich. The chicken was pulled and smoky. It had flavor that made me go "mmhmm" out loud. It was very lightly sauced so next time I will ask for extra. The bun was a biscuit that felt a little undercooked so next time I will ask for it toasted. Also in the to go container was beautiful French fries with rock salt on them, a side salad, and some pickled vegetables. A side of a vinegar/mustard dressing was buried under the salad so I didn't see it until if finished the lettuce. They didn't hand me napkins, plastics ware, or a bag but perhaps I missed some of those. All for about $10. Had to wait for them to make the dish (about 10 minutes) so don't expect to pop in and out. And they do not have a diet soda option but water is free. The food has a lot of potential as the main focus (chicken) was very tasty and only some of the elements of the meal needed tweaking which should be easy to do since the workers are friendly. I would like to have more direction for napkins and utensils (especially for to go orders like mine) and a diet soda option. I will be going back but for now it gets a 3/5
3	The butcher shop itself is great.  5 stars.  I walked in and there's a case full of pig parts staring back at you (pork belly, hocks, sausages, cheeks, tongue etc) amongst rabbit, lamb, beef and goat.  They carry all local and organic meats from various farms around town.  Awesome.  You buy some meat, bring it home, cook it up and you can taste the quality.  The employees are friendly and attentive.I'm subtracting two stars because of their burger.  I'm torn but it wasn't a great burger.  The meat itself was awesome. It speaks for itself.  But as with majority of restaurants in the area, the food isn't given the star-quality treatment it deserves.   The patty wasn't seasoned...it was fairly bland and dry....which sort of had me perplexed because my plate was soaked in burger juice.   The fries were great....as well as their ketchup (i mixed it with the sriacha sauce on the table).   The problem was with the bun.  They were like two hockey pucks.... They weren't stale (but borderline) but it's just the kind of bread that is thick and dense through and through.   It's crusty on the outside and thick and dense on the inside.  You couldn't even squish it down to get the sandwich into your mouth.  I had to eat the patty hanging over the bun and then sort of ate/gnawed away at the rest of the burger.   There was a piece of jowl bacon accompanying the burger, but that took awY from the burger...as did the cheese....the bread was so overwhelming that it was frustrating.   If the burgers were on the same buns served at Black Dog (soft and squishy), i bet it would be a completely different beast.   And with Mirabelle's right across the street, why don't they use them? (Or maybe they do, then i'll have to re-evaluate).   I guess my preference is a soft squishy bun as opposed to twodense hockey pucks.... Or i'd even be fine with crusty on the outside and squishy on the inside. But oh well.  As i schlepped my own plates to the bin at the front, the young man asked how my burger was... I shrugged and said that it was ok.   He seemed satisfied with that answer.  5 stars for the quality of meat.... But take away two stars for the burger.
4	I definitely like the food here. My girlfriend and I bought sausages here and they were tasty. As far as eating-in is concerned, the burger I had was top notch but they need to switch from a biscuit-style bun(?) to something more standard; the biscuit bun is just too thick and it makes it difficult to eat the burger. The croque madame I had was a little dry and I probably wouldn't order it again, though that could be fixed by switching from gouda to something meltier. The french fries...Holy **** these are good french fries. So simple, so delicious. These fries are definitely not from a bag and they taste absolutely amazing. I think their fries are good enough that they should have them available as a side you could order on their own.To the owners: Notice what all the reviews have in common! (Burger Bun = Needs to change and French Fries = Incredible)
