1	DO NOT GO THERE. talk about a bloody & PAINFUL expeirence D: acrylic nails = NOT ftw
3	I wanted to try getting a gel manicure at another nail salon mainly to see if the salon I was going to was worth the money and drive... I saw a good review posted for Avenue Nails, and it's near my house, so I figured why not?First impressions are important. Avenue Nail didn't make a great one. I walked in and was greeted by a lady that was giving someone a pedicure. I said I wanted a gel manicure, and she held out the plastic color sample wheel and waved me over to an empty station. I was getting a french manicure, no need to pick a color. I sat at the station almost 10 minutes, while the person that was going to do my nails was out front, on a smoke break. No one working made any attempt to converse with me while I waited, or even bothered to tell me that someone would be with me shortly. I only realized the person doing my nails was on her break because I saw her outside when I walked in.... The overall feel of the salon was nothing exceptional. Pretty basic, low end salon decor. I couldn't help but notice there was a man sleeping at the desk in the back... While HE certainly seemed relaxed, I didn't get that same feeling. Once the nail technician was ready to start, she did a pretty good job on my manicure. The people at the salon I usually go to open the packet of sterilized tools right before they begin work, this didn't happen at Avenue Nails. The technician was also very soft spoken, and made no attempt to engage me in any kind of conversation (but did speak to other workers in Vietnamese, which I found a little rude)In the end, my nails did look good, and it was only $30 for a french gel manicure. Avenue Nails is the only place I have been that doesn't charge extra for french, so that is a plus. Will I be back? Honestly, probably not...
2	Ehhh, this nail shop is just meh...I've defintely experienced better but I don't mind coming here if my regular salon is packed. The techs hardly speak any English so sometimes it's hard to get your special requests to be understood. After sitting there a while and hearing all their jibber jabber you start to question...are they talking about me? Honestly, it's a tad uncomfortable.When you walk in a gentleman asks you what you want, you might say a pedicure and he says 10 minutes. Fine. But by the time you get a tech to actually touch your toesies it's been 35-40 minutes. This has happened to me more than once (kind of annoying!). The quality of their work is not the best either- they never take their time and the whole process seems rushed. They don't have a great nail polish selection. I prefer OPI and that selection is very limited. Almost all the nail polish is old and almost gone.Also, when you go to pay with a debit card they tell you that you can't put the tip on the card- tips are cash only. What? Are we in the 21st century? I obviously don't have cash if I am using my debit card, duh! Oh well, no tip for you then. They also won't run a card for less than $15. Be warned...I have also observered some unsafe sanitary practices that I am not comfortable with and I have been cut before on my cuticle. Be careful what you're willing to pay for...
1	I wasn't too thrilled with the service I received. I paid for a spa pedicure and was disappointed greatly. The nail technician was done with my pedicure in under 20 minutes. She gave a real brief leg massage and didn't do much in lined of helping me get rid of a couple calluses I pointed out. I have had much better pedicures at other salons. Also, if you are planning on tipping, bring cash. You cannot add it on to your credit card when checking out.
1	I went here today for the first and last time. I needed to find a new salon after mine continued to raise their prices. I stopped in and it looked clean. I was not greeted, just told "pick a color". It did not have a friendly vibe at all. They spoke in Vietnamese to each other and I felt like they were talking about the customers. My pedicure took 20 minutes, the massage was terrible, wrapped cold, stained towels around my legs and burned my skin with a callus remover I did not request. I was on edge the entire time I was there and felt like it was the biggest waste of $25 dollars in my life. As I left I was not told goodbye or thank you and that is why I want to let everyone know to avoid this place at all cost.
1	the worst nail place ever, over priced, tools are unsanitary, hair in the pedicur sinks, no customer service, and the whole time they are talking on the phone or with each other in vietnamese while working on you.  very rude, think twice about going here....i will never go back
1	Ehhh... I should've looked at the reviews. This was a waste of a moms day out :(
1	This place was unprofessional and a disappointment.  I would be embarrassed to work here.I took my sister and her friend here to get gel nail mani/pedis.  My guy (I won't call him a technician, because he obviously lacked any type of skill being it technical or interpersonal) kept stopping to text and play with his phone.  He had latex gloves that were broken open at the end with his long fingernails poking out.  Little pieces of glove would break off and stick to me occasionally.  Gross.  When it came time to cure the gel nails with the UV light, the light he was using was cracked down the middle and the UV bulbs hung low and touched/burned my skin.  When I tried to point it out to him he just told me to put them back in and played with his phone.  I had to keep pulling my foot out to avoid the bulb that was burning my skin.  He would not get another light when I requested.  There was also no massage.After the pedicure was finished the guy working on my toes started doing something else and told me someone else would do my manicure.  Apparently he needed to sit around and play on his phone.  So while my sister moved on to the manicure I sat in the pedicure chair for a good 15 minutes waiting for one of the other employees to finish the person they were working on and do a manicure for me.The second guy was friendlier than the first one (who was too busy to do his job).  The manicure had no massage at all.  The manicure looked nice when I left, but it has only been 4 days and I've had 4 nails peel up on the edges and I am going to have to take it off tonight.  Normally, a gel manicure will last 10 days for me.  This clearly was shitty work or old product.  Probably both.Overall, this place was terrible.  The first employee was a joke, very lazy and unprofessional. I'm glad I live in another city so I never make the mistake of going here again.  The price range was typical of gel nails -- $42/pedicure and $25/manicure--but the quality was much worse.  I could have done a better job myself.  Besides that, the employees were so rude (burning me with broken machinery and playing on their phone) and lazy (skipping steps of the mani/pedi and doing poor work) that it wasn't even relaxing or enjoyable.
1	After arriving at avenue nails my mom, sister, and I waited a few minutes before being seated (nothing abnormal we were very content and willing to wait). We were then given three pedicure chairs (they put us together which was nice). My mother and I proceeded to sit in the cold water for 35 minutes with no one coming over to check how we were doing or if our temperature was okay. My sisters pedicure finished before mine even began. They also finished a different customer who came in after us before beginning mine. They then proceeded to rush though the pedicures and did a terrible time with them in the process. I personally found the pedicure painful and uncomfortable while it should be relaxing and enjoyable. It was a huge waste of money as I am sure I will be needing to get them redone within the next two weeks. I personally will never be returning to this facility and would not recommend it to anyone.
2	Rude, very. I don't have much else to say.
4	I'm totally happy with this place, I have been to a few really bad salons in the area so I was thankful to find this one. It is a family run business and the employees all speak English. I usually get spa pedicure and a gel manicure. If u have an ingrown toe nail they will fix it. If u have calloused feet, they will fix it. I had an issue with my gel polih comin off in two days but I went back in and they fixed for free. So for now, they have a loyal customer
2	I just moved over in this area and was trying out different salons. I needed a gel pedicure so i stopped here.  The salon was not as clean as you would liked and they got their tools from a toolbox. Nothing seems to be santized. When doing the pedicure they do not massage your feet. And the gels are so so.  I had a french tip painted on with the gels and I could of done a better job.Will go try another salon after that.
1	I wish I would have read Yelp before going in there. This place is dirty! They keep their tools for pedicures in a tool box that is very dirty and doesn't look like it has ever been cleaned. Lotion and water bottles had some type of dust and dirt build up and the nail brush looked as if there was dirt on the inside of it. So gross...I will never go back!!
1	I have been getting my nails done for years and never saw a place that was so dirty.  The male nail tech was extremely rude.  Will never go back.
1	This place is the worst. I was a customer for  2 years. & was always dissatisfied with things but was too lazy to look for a better salon until this week!  I've had enough of this place. Don't bother paying  extra money for a deluxe pedicure because you get a regular pedicure & they'll argue with you that you got the deluxe but you didn't. The deluxe is supposed to be a longer massage & my pedicure was done in 15 minutes which is not even the amount of time if a regular pedicure! I told them I paid extra for a deluxe & didn't get it & they argued back that I did. The owner does sloppy work on her fills too. They rush through their work so they can get back to their phones & laptops! They constantly take personal calls while working and they speak non stop Vietnamese to each other when customers are there. They burn insense in front if their Buddah statue that gives me a pounding headache. They've had a few nasty male guys working here as well that had bad chair side manner but have since been fired but still employ the man that ripped me off on a deluxe pedicure. They do not clean their tools well, have thick dust on the pictures on the walls and the male owner frequently sleeps in his chair in the back of the salon. Run to find another place and don't go here!
1	very rude felt very unwelcome.  service inconsistent.  my nails at time looked dirty even after a fill.
1	They have almost no customer service and and talk about you to other clients. Rude and only put in effort if you are a favorite client. I have been here before and was disappointed but I gave them another try to be fair. I will not be going back.
2	Definitely skip this spot.  I came here with two coworkers who had been before.  It wasn't busy but they told us to come back in 40 min.  We said ok and went across the shopping center and had a few drinks at Buffalo Wild Wings,  We called to let them know we were on our way back and they told us another hour wait.  I had already seen the yelp reviews and was over it at this point but was outvoted so we waited another hour.  When we came back they stuck us in the chairs and we waited some more.  Finally one of our pedicures gets started, then a little while later mine starts and is rushed through to the point that mine was finished before the one that was started first.  Not only was it rushed but my nails were uneven and the polish only lasted a week.  I also got suckered into getting my eyebrows waxed.  I don't know why I said yes, must have been all the drinking at BWW.  She waxed my eyebrows but didn't tweeze all of the little stray hairs so it didn't really look like they had been done.  My coworkers have been back since but I won't return.  The last visit my coworker told me she was in the middle of her pedicure and the guy doing her nails got a visitor, guess he bought a new car or something and it was delivered.  Anyways he drove off....in the middle of her pedicure!  Seriously, without saying anything to her.  I would have left but she waited and finally one of the other technicians finished her toes.  This place sucks.  Steer clear.
1	Horrible!!!!  This place is so dirty that I regretted getting my nails done here. The more I looked around the more I wanted to run.  No customer service and the male helper was more interested in watching tv, sitting on his rear and smoking cigarettes while customers sat in filth.  Never going close to this place again.
1	I'm writing this review a because people need to know what to expect.  I was in a jam and needed my nails done back in June.  Avenue was the closest salon at the time so I walked in and was greeted, sort of, waited for 15 minutes while a young man was slowly walking around the salon getting my pedicure water ready.  He never looked at me or have me the time of day and I felt like I was putting him out.  When I got the service done it was fine, your standard pedicure.  As Iooked around the salon, there was so much trash, old acrylic nail tips, rags, dirty tables, etc.  No one was sweeping or cleaning in between services and when I left, I ran and vowed never to come back.  It's horrible and all it would take is customer service and cleaning.
1	Don't do it! Not worth the $5.00 savings for the nail infection I have fought with all summer. Avenue gave me more than I wanted!When he broke the skin he said " Oh, you have ingrown toe nail". No, you don't know what your doing!
