4	This Chinese restaurant and takeaway has chosen a very fitting name for itself, because the food really does taste good. The modern and stylish decor sets it apart from most other Chinese's in Edinburgh: think clean lines, blocks of colour and lots of glass, wood and metal. They do manage to back up all the style with some substance though: the food is yummy. Back in the day, when I dabbled with vegetarianism (the follies of youth...), I insisted on coming here for the Hot Spicy Bean Curd. These days, as a fully fledged carnivore, I am more likely to order the Shredded Beef with Chilli, but both dishes are equally tasty.I wouldn't necessarily head all the way over to Slateford road to visit this place, but if I was on this side of town and I fancied a Chinese, I would most definitely go to Taste Good.
4	Yes the food does indeed 'taste good' but they make you wait for it, I had to wait for an hour when I ordered. But to be fair it was Friday evening and as the food is really tasty, I imagine that they are inundated with people calling making orders. When the food did come, the packaging must be the most fancy that I have seen from any takeaway shop and is a real nice touch. Me and a few friends ordered some prawn crackers between us but we found that they were pretty greasy, the sweet and sour pork I had with fried rice, was however very tasty and not at all stodgy or greasy and all of my friends enjoyed the meals they had and found it very filling.I definitely recommend a trip here, and will be ordering from Taste Good again as the food is great and the prices are very reasonable, just be prepared to wait for it.
4	Taste Good is my local Chinese.  I not only go there because it's nearby, but also because it's good.  Although I have to admit that I may not be very objective as I only ever order the same dishes, which I really like! These are: the  Singapore noodles, the Special chow mein and the King Prawn Szechuan.  My flatmate is a big fan of their spicy shredded beef, which tastes nice but lacks vegetables for me! It's best to go and pick up as it takes much less time than getting the food delivered.I have visited the restaurant downstairs before, they have a very nice mussels dish that is not on the take-away menu, which I strongly recommend.  A bit dark down there though.
4	Taste Good is my local Chinese take away and it really does Taste Good!It is very busy and a better option is probably to order and collect, rather than wait for delivery.I usually order a Kung Po chicken which comes packed with chicken and veggies and a decent kick to the sauce but this time, I fancied something nutty. I'm gluten free and although the Taste Good doesn't have GF options on its menu, I've been ok with the Kung Po. I also decided to try the Chicken and cashew nuts which was lovely. Huge portions, crammed full of chicken, nuts and veggies which was delicious and despite vowing I wouldn't eat it all, I couldn't help myself scoffing the lot.The Taste Good is always busy and with food of a consistently high quality then it is well worth a visit. There is a restaurant downstairs which I've yet to try but I'm sure I will at some point.
4	My go to Chinese for a home delivery, now with a website and online ordering system they are taking the art to new levels.The food is still hot when delivered, it is clearly freshly cooked and it just hits the spot. Favourites so far are the Fishcakes, the huuuuge spring rolls, the chicken sweet and sour cantonese style and the beef and black bean.Highly recommened got your hangover recovery needs!
