4	If I were to rate the best chain Tex Mex joints in Charlotte, Qdoba would be at the top of my list. It's just so much better than Moe's, Chipotle or Salsaritas.Their burritos are the best & are filled chock full of good stuff. I especially like the chicken burrito with black beans, pico, guacamole, & sour cream. It really is a large burrito & will fill you up by itself. The taste of the burrito is just so much better here than any of the other chains.As for this location, they have outdoor seating, which I'm a huge fan of. It can get pretty packed during your lunch hours, but the line moves pretty quickly & your wait shouldn't be too long.While Qdoba may not serve tortilla chips with their burritos or have a salsa bar, they still win in the taste department amongst the chain Tex Mex joints. I'd suggest several other locally owned joints before this for a burrito lunch, but I'd choose this if just considering chains.
3	I guess I was asleep at the wheel while all these burrito joints started popping up everywhere. There are quite a few of these in Charlotte now and if you had asked me a couple of years ago if something like this might have worked, I'd have said "No Way!"It's good to be wrong. Qdoba has the same basic formula as the others. As you move down the assembly line, you're asked if you want a burrito or a "naked burrito" (which is just the same stuff in a bowl without the tortilla) or a salad (again, same stuff, but now on top of lettuce). What type of meat (grilled chicken, steak, ground beef), salsa, and other toppings. I really like the grilled chicken which has a little bit of zing and other flavors to it and the corn salsa. The guacamole always tastes fresh, whether it's lunchtime or dinner time.After the burrito is assembled, grab your drink cup and hit up the soda fountain. I usually go with the sugar free lemonade, which is only 5 calories or so. They also have a small selection of beers.I can't really say that Qdoba is any better than Chipotle or Salsarita's. They all seem to have the same food and the same formula. Hit the one that's closest to you and enjoy!
4	Coming from someone who generally just likes cheap mexican fast food joints, namely Chipotle, I love Qdoba.I love the "craft 2" deal where you can pick 2 of anything off their menu for $7. The sauce is super spicy, yum! Plus, the people at this location are really nice, they keep it clean, and there are tables outside so you can have lunch al fresco!
3	For the money not worth it, for two burritos two chips and queso and two drinks was 26$. Could of went to chilies right next door for the same amount and had a sit down meal. Chips were also stale. Queso is good and the burrito was good just $$$$$$
3	Eh it's fine.   Chipotle just seems better - seems fresher and cleaner, etc. Dropped by here to pick up lunch around 1pm and it wasn't busy at all which is kinda nice and since they can make it right on the spot, the speed was sweet. Service was solid.It's random lunch food, what more can I say?dmo out.
3	Tasty food...but avoid the anemic and overpriced taco salad that would be better priced at $1.99 rather than $6.99.
4	Staff is very friendly.  Customer Service is great.
2	Not impressed, Salsarita's was so much better.
4	The service is always quick here... That's one of my favorite things about it... I love the Fajita Ranchero burrito and since I've been attempting to eat healthier, I often opt for the bowl instead of tortilla... The nachos are good, but I wouldn't get them to go because they use queso on them...  If you're taking them too far away, you end up with soggy chips... (And we all know how I feel about soggy bread products... Ick.)  I do think the pricing for the queso is absolutely insane in a truly crazy way... They have it structured in 2, 4 and 6 ounces and the prices start at close to two dollars... That just seems a little steep considering it's the same container you get a side of jalapenos in everywhere else... What is that going to be dippable for?  Like 3 chips?  For all that, just drop a couple extra bucks at the Wal-Mart or Bi-Lo across the street and take the rest of it home... **Now serving $1 tacos every night after 7 pm... Does not apply to steak and 6 taco maximum...**
3	Craving quick Mexican...Qdoba can hit the spot.It's a similar concept to Moe's or Chipotle, fresh ingredients and toppings over you choice meat with rice and beans!One thing I really like bout Qdoba is the Craft 2 deal. It's smaller portion options of some of their most popular dishes.I chose to go with the two tacos and three cheese nachos. The tacos were good, I had one with chicken and one with steak. You can add any toppings you like including sour cream and guacamole for no extra charge. The steak was a little tough but the chicken was very well seasoned.The nachos were a bit disappointing, they were layered with a heavy cheese sauce and it left most of my chips soft and wet...not how I like my nachos! I wanted and missed the crunch! Overall, I like the Craft 2 concept, the staff here were all very nice and the tacos were really good. Was it better than some of the other local Mexican joints around town...no but for quick Mexican it hit the spot.
1	Called to place a catering order and they rudely asked me to call back in 20 minutes b/c they were busy. WTF? How about I'll call one of the other 20 Qdoba's in town to give my money to.
1	I've been to plenty of Qdoba's and this is hands down on the bottom of the list. The manager on day shift is very rude. Rest of the staff seems highly uninterested in being there. My work "lunch buddy" and I always used to eat at Qdoba before we changed locations, we tried eating her several times and just got tired of the manager and staff attitude. Won't be going back.
1	Do not cater from this location, I ordered for a big event last year and the catering work sheet that was sent had the previous person's information on it (name, address and credit card number). Obviously I did not give the company credit card info on the work sheet but called it in well in advance of our event. The woman who took it called hours before the event to say we had not paid, I had to give the number again, and when the food showed up it was late (office is 5-10 minutes from the store) and not what we ordered. Of course the woman I had been working with said I was wrong so I had to pull up the email to prove what we ordered and they went back to the store to get it while the limited food they brought ran out leaving hungry disgruntled workers. They ended up giving us 20% off and some discount coupons but the event was a disaster.
