5	Just wanted to say I was very happy Ron Pyle came to my rescue on my AC today!My AC had been operating poorly for a few days and a called another shop to have someone come look at it.  Their technician was very nice, but was unable to find anything obviously wrong.  He recharged my refrigerant, and then asked me to call him back if that didn't make any improvement.  I called him back two days later as the temperature wasn't improved.  After some more troubleshooting he believed I had a bad txv or something wrong with the coils themselves.  His recommend repairs was a new coil that would hopefully come with an included txv.  Estimated repair job around $2500.  He said if I was sinking that kind of cash I might want to look at a new unit as my current unit was 11 years old.  After getting a bunch of pricing info I decide to get a second opinion.This is when Ron arrived.  Within about 20 minutes he had diagnosed the problem to the faulty txv and was able to rig the unit to run even though the txv had a problem.  He told me leaving it in this temporary state wasn't a good idea, but it did prove that the txv was my only current problem.  He priced out the replacement and returned the next morning to do the work.  All up he charged me $100 for the diagnostic visit, and then $900 for the part/labor on the txv replacement.  I've never been so happy to part with $1k before.  I would recommend calling one of the big shops first, and then calling Ron over to shrink that bill.  An honest straight forward AC repair guy who understands you don't want to part with all of your money.
5	I have been using Ron for years ! and I CAN'T RECOMMEND HIM ENOUGH ! He has the most competitive prices, REALLY KNOWS HIS STUFF ! And he is an all around great human being to boot ! I have literally recommended him to all friends and family and they and I have never been disappointed with his Qualtiy, Character or Service ! He is fantastic, do not upset yourself going with other guys, they are all rip off artists, but not Ron ! He is honest, he takes pride in his work and just does an all around fantastic job. He is calls to check up to make sure things are still working ! Just amazing service in this day and age and I couldn't be happier, Ron is more like a friend then just some guy I hire at this point ! So make sure you hire Ron or you will be sorry !
5	I came home from a long weekend in mid-Summer to find my AC wasn't working.  Ron was over the next morning, had even spoken to me in the late evening to troubleshoot when I first got home.  He identified and resolved the problem quickly and the cost was extremely reasonable.  I was impressed with his knowledge, professionalism and honesty.  I am so glad I have found a reliable AC firm whenever I have any issues in the future.
5	I can't say enough about Ron and Pyle Air Conditioning.  He has helped us over the years with AC issues.  He is truly an asset to the Valley.  He doesn't overcharge by any means.  He does quality work and ensures you are happy.  I recommend him to anyone and everyone who is having problems with their AC units.
