3	We had been talking about playing Johnson Ranch for about a year, and this summer we finally got out there.  We figured you can't beat $25 for a Saturday morning round.  The course looked interesting: the front nine is a fairly typical tract, snaking its way through a residential community.  The back nine winds around a desert butte.When I got there, the first thing I noticed was that the GPS was ghetto (and after I paid an extra $1 for it, of course).  And it turned out to not even work.  The other quirk I noticed right away is that they ran out of ice boxes on the carts, so the lady in the bar gave me a plastic bag full of ice.  Fair enough.There was a tournament before we got there, so they started us on the back nine.  There are three or four really interesting holes on the back nine, with some drastic elevation changes as it winds around the mountain.  The front nine wasn't bad either...the fairways were wide open.  The greens were in good shape, although they weren't the fastest in the world.The biggest problem with this course is that they don't take care of the fairways.  Grass was dying all over the place, and on some of the holes, as much as half the fairways looked yellowish brown.  This was incredibly disappointing, considering it's otherwise a pretty decent course.
4	I've yet to have a bad experience at Johnson Ranch. I consider it my home course since I play it the most. I love trying out new courses but always come to JR on a whim or if I don't feel like driving all over the place. You can't beat the $25 price from June-August. Really. I know it's hot and all that, but that's why you get on by 7 and get off by 11. Plus, that's what the beer cart lady is for. (And they're both quite the lookers if I do say so myself. Then again it could be the heat exhaustion giving me sunstroke goggles, but I'm pretty sure they're both yummy. You're welcome).Like the other reviews said, the back 9 is awesome. Really, it's what makes it worth playing, makes it worth the drive, the price and all that. The restaurant is very tasty and the patio is a nice spot to hang out at after a game to shoot the breeze. The breakfast is great if you get there for an early tee time and to my experience, the staff (yes, all of them) are friendly, helpful, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean and reverent. Stuff that in your pipe and smoke it!!
4	This golf course is very nice and a fun place to golf. The driving range is rite by the golf shop and restaurant. The Course is kept very clean and I really like the way the course goes three the mountains. The view is nice from a couple of the coursers holes.
4	A very well maintained, moderately priced course.  Classic AZ course, the front nine is nestled within a golf home community.  Holes have a nice combination of fescue and brush lined fairways, with bunkers placed in challenging spots.  Can easily play bunker to bunker but still have a great time.  The back nine has more ups and downs as some holes are placed along the foothills of the areas.  Saguaros and roadrunners double as hazards along the course.Nice placement of tee times as we never waited at a tee box, and played the full round around 4.25 hours.  Taco salad at the clubhouse wasn't bad either!Would definitely play here again.
1	Wow, I have never received worse customer service than here.  Set up a tee time for a saturday morning round of gold with some buddies from college.  It had rained all week and was raining the morning of our reservation and was about 40 degrees at 6 am.  I wore a collared shirt and blue jeans due to the cold.  Mind you, I understand the need for a dress code at nice golf courses to keep the riff raff out.  My jeans were presentable, my shirt was a nice polo, and NOWHERE on the website does it state no denim, only the need for a collared shirt. When I arrived, I met Mike, who is the cashier at the clubhouse.  From the second I walked in the door, Mike started harrasing me about my jeans, telling me I could not play yet would still have to pay because of the 24 hour cancellation policy.  Mike was extremely rude and unwilling to have a rational discussion about the "unposted"dress policy. 10 fays later, they charged my credit card I had used to reserve the time for $240 which I disputed.  I, for one, will never golf here again although I have played at Johnson Ranch several times while in school.  The course is average.  First nine holes can be found anywhere for less money, back nine is nice although all the building of houses has diminished its appeal. If you value any type of customer service for your hard earned money, look elsewhere.  Superstition Springs is much nicer for the price in my opinion.
2	I have never met a clubhouse manager as rude as here at Johnson ranch.   I understand you dont make the rules dude, but we are still paying $280 for a round of golf for my family and I should be treated with kindness and respect, not contempt.   Don't expect any of your family or friends to be able to accompany you on a round to watch. This is the first course in hundreds where my disabled wife was required to pay a green fee for a round of gold just to ride along in the cart as a passenger.  Unbelievable.    I will not be back.  They do have a pretty back nine, but I couldn't enjoy it after being treated so rudely.
1	This course has an ok layout and a couple holes with nice views, however it doesn't make up for a rude staff that pushed us every other hole to keep a faster pace. They talked down to us and were being rude. Not even one "hello, are you having a good time?"  No courtesy at all, just rudeness. On a Sunday early morning we maintained a 4 1/2 hr pace while having to search for our balls in monsoon casual water collection areas and high rough. We let a 3 some play through and were not pushed much from behind, yet the staff kept harrassing us and threatening to make us skip a hole. What?? I have never had this experience at another course even if there was slow play that day.  Here, it wasn't even crowded yet they kept annoying us. What an unenjoyable day and waste of gas money to drive all the way out there.  Never again.  The 1 star is just for 3 nice holes on the mountainside, otherwise i'd try giving negative stars.
4	Its a fair 4 to me. The only problem is far and if i am to travel all the way down i might just play Superstition Mountain or Gold Canyon. Anyway its nice cos its build around the hills - i believe its the San Tan Mountain foot. The greens are quick or should i say standard for US. Dessert course and fairway is well kept. i can't exactly remember which PAR 4 but there is one where the tee sits higher and its dog leg right. On the right side there is a small hill to block your green view and don't forget about the huge cactus. Teeing off left of the cactus then you are taking the fairway route. but teeing off to the right of the cactus is the short cut. not high enough or long enough or wind not favoring you will give you trouble. This is my signature hole cos it makes me think and selection of my choice at that moment. All senses must be sharp and sensing while the mind is trying to commit to the play. and the hardest part telling for body to relax and perform. will i go back for a round? maybe.
3	If you are brave enough for the summer heat, you cannot beat the prices here during the summer. A round of 18 holes for 3 adults and two golf carts was less than $100!Even in the summer months, this course is nicely maintained. Excellent photo opportunities too =D throughout the course. Course runs through a housing area and into the hills offering unique playing area. Staffing here, was pleasant and helpful.  I would not suggest eating at the clubhouse with mediocore food and high prices. Bring your treats with you and LOTS of water!
2	Ok course, nice driving range.Front 9 is boring, back 9 is more scenic and better quality with the exception of 1 tricked up goofy hole.I wouldn't pay a cent over $39.99.
5	Awesome, glad my dad lives in this community. Will be fun to play in the future.
2	Great course! However the locals (old people that could only afford to live on a golf course in BFE) think they run the place. The bartenders are pretty rude, as are the annoying messages they send your cart every hole (ex. Keep up with the group ahead... The same group you are caught up w and waiting on). They definitely over schedule the Tee times. I will say the course staff (rangers, food service) were great.
2	Decent coarse, greens were a little fast as they were a little under watered.  The place is definitely a little over priced and snooty for it's location........  You are a golf course in San Tan Valley, the attitude and prices would be expected up in Snottsdale, but not in the middle of the freaking desert....
1	Need some new help. The older guys working there are very rude. I played this month and two guys that worked part time just got off working and jumped in front of us. Then to cap it off one guy had is dog with him on the cart and let him run around while he putting.
