5	I am THAT salon customer. The one who tsks and tuts, and hrms like Marge Simpson when my stylist is done. Just, not satisfied. I ask if my stylist can re-shape here, or fiddle with that bit. Then, still, more hrming and squinting in the mirror.After about thirty minutes of tweaking and adjusting, and still not being happy, I give up, say thanks, and never come back.Thanks to Shauna, I WAS that customer. After only a brief discussion of what I wanted, she set to work, and there it was -- done. She managed to translate my inarticulate stylistic needs into the perfect style for me, in one shot, no hand-holding needed.Now what will do with me time in the chair? I suppose, read magazines, like everyone else.Other details: This is a one chair operation. So you might have to wait. Spend your time browsing the clothes and accessories in the vintage shop section of the shop.
2	I was primed to love this place.  I support indie businesses whenever possible.  I like vintage clothes.  However, I found it awkward and off-putting.  You have to walk through the salon to get to the retail space.  It smelled like old clothes.  While I found the display shelving attractive, I wasn't remotely tempted to buy anything I found there.  It seemed unorganized.  For example, there were a couple of Doc Martens boxes...are there shoes in there?  Are they for sale?  I can't speak at all to the salon services.  I just felt like an intruder passing through the salon to reach the retail.  I wish Mercantile all the best, but it was not a stellar shopping experience for me.
5	It took a little doing to find a parking space, but when I entered the salon & shop, it was oh-so-worth it.  Shauna made me feel like I was such a special customer, and took my friends' general suggestion of a hairstyle to the next level!   After the wash & condition (what WAS that, my hair has never been softer or more flowing), she worked on my hopeless hair.  And performed a miracle.  My millenial cut has been now brought into the teens, and I could not be happier.  It is superb --  it's now two weeks later -- and it still rocks!I did not have time to look at the vintage selections, since I was hurried.  But I think they add more to the ambience than the usual stacks of People and RedBook magazines one usual finds.  It would be actually nice to shop while I waited, if that were necessary.As for now, though --  I've found my new stylist!
5	I was 4 years old the first time my mother gave me that stare - you know the one - it's open-mouthed and shocked, because she's basically just walked into the room to catch me red-handed with the scissors; I must've been standing in front of the mirror snipping away at my bangs in gleeful abandon.When I hit 21, I had a roommate who did hair for TIGI and I think she spoiled me rotten, because she gave me free haircuts and colors whenever I wanted and I never had to go to a salon. For the past several years I'd been cutting my own hair, and coloring it, and bleaching it. I think about a month ago when I woke up with frizzy clumps, my hair decided to reject my 'at-home' tactics and begged me to see a stylist. I've known Shauna since middle-school. She was always an amazing artist, and her artwork hangs in her studio as a testimony to this. She has an amazing eye for aesthetics and incredible style. It's classic and vintage and distinct. I love how this has translated to her shop. Mercantile is a gem; it's locally owned, filled with vintage treasures, and it makes you feel good knowing you're supporting the community and not just another annoying chain of chemically scented chair shops. She takes wonderful care of your tresses, I promise you! She's very careful and detail-oriented, and has an eye for picking out styles that go well with your own sense of style or your own organic look. I have to say that she's truly talented as an artist and this translates amazingly well into her hair and make-up work. I don't think I'll ever go elsewhere.She stayed after to help me pick out a gift for a friend, and even wrapped my adorable vintage scarf in a custom box with the family designed Mercantile logo. It looks truly one of a kind. I count myself truly lucky to know Shauna and I wish her all the best with this place. I couldn't be more happy with her work, and I could spend an entire day perusing the classic vintage treasures held within.
5	Shauna cut my hair beautifully and kept to my requests. My mid-length naturally coarse, wavy hair has some damaged bits from past bleaching. I'm in the process of growing my hair out, and she respected that, but was still able to weed out the crappy sections. Shauna has fabulous hair cutting skills, and is apparently a talented artist in other mediums. She is quiet and kind. I liked how she didn't need to be chatty. I also appreciate her not pushing products on me, even though I am going to pick up some pureology items from her when mine are empty. Parking can be a squeeze behind the salon. There's a back door, so it's easy in and out. Appointments are all done through the salon's site which is tremendously easy. I am newer to Phoenix and have been trying to find stylist who I consider great enough to continue visiting. I am definitely going back to Mercantile for my next hair cut, or sooner yet to shop. Be ready to peruse some great vintage clothing and jewels. I don't often write reviews, but I feel like salon reviews can be extremely helpful. I hope this one helps you decide who cuts your hair next.
5	Just a review of the vintage retail (not the salon):Even though the selection isn't huge, I always find a number of things I like and have to choose what to actually purchase.  I got a coat here that's turned into my winter go-to, and some ties that I really like, too :)
5	Shauna gives the best haircuts and highlights I've ever had.  I'm pretty low maintenance with my hair, but I always go to Shauna for my one haircut a year. It's been a while since I've color treated my hair and I'm ready for a change.  I've made an appointment and I know all I'm going to have to say is "make me look like I just got back from the beach."  Perfect every time.
5	I have been meaning to write this review about Amina for literally years (my draft from 4 years ago simply reads: "Amina is the best.") To put this into context, she has been cutting my hair since I was 16 and I'm 27 now.This is how good Amina is at cutting and coloring hair: Years ago she left a salon that would not forward her contact information to me. My mother knew I was on the hunt so when she saw a woman at the grocery store with a killer cut, she inquired about her stylist. It was, of course, Amina...because she is the best. I have since moved to New York City and have yet to find anyone as good as her, despite paying twice as much.Mercantile's vintage selection is solid & reasonable, and a great way to kill time while your color sets. I always end up leaving with at least a couple of pieces.My only complaint is that they didn't move with me - miss you, Amina!!!
