4	We stopped in here after dinner at Mongolian Grill right as they were closing. I usually never go anywhere near a place when it's about to close, which stems from all my days in F&B and hating people who come in 5 minutes before you close. Anyway, the future wife was craving it, so I apologized profusely and tipped overly generously, and we got to it quickly.  She had an almond Froyo, which was really mellow and subtle, and I had the caramel popcorn gelato, which was surprisingly good. Having lived in Italy for a while, I know gelato pretty well, and they do a good job here. They make it in house, and it wasn't overly sweet or salty.  I plan on coming back here in the day time and trying out a few more flavors in the near future.
5	Found this place after eating at Genghis Grill (which is pretty awesome, you should try it at least once). We were looking for a place that was close by where we could get some quick dessert. They are not a chain and the people there were extremely nice. They don't have a lot of flavors of the frozen yogurt but they all tasted great. Loved the toppings. We even tried their mini belgian waffle with a scoop of gelato on top, with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and whipped cream on the side. Holy crap they are amazing! We would have ordered another if we hadn't stuffed ourselves with the frozen yogurt. Didn't get to try any of their hot/cold espresso drinks or any flavors of the gelato besides vanilla but we will definitely try it next time. Oh yeah, we are definitely going back!!!My husband's review:  Delicious yogurt, great toppings, friendly staff, the perfect topping to date night!
5	Went there to get a latte last night and was given a free Belgian waffle with gelato by one of their staff! Definitely the best waffle I've ever had. I will definitely be going back!
4	Good Gelato and Lily Coffee!  Charlotte has had a Gelato famine the almost 10 years I almost lived there!  Not many places to get good Gelato!  My yelp stars for this place is only supposed to compare the Gelato here to the few other places in Charlotte to get Gelato!  If compared to the Best Gelato I think I would give this place closer to 3 yelp stars...Gelato Flavors included: Red BullFrench ToastCarmel PopcornAvocado MangoBananaGreen Apple CarmelTiramisu Cheese CakeChocolateAlmondLemonDecor hummmm very preschool on Noah's Ark in the Front and the back feels like Adult Parisian Cafe in a cartoon mural...
5	Lately, I find that I prefer to go to Yofflers for coffee, gelato, and a quiet atmosphere now than any other cafe or coffee house in South Charlotte.  At first you would think Yofflers is more for children, it is a nice place to bring the kids, but past the front of the store with the stickers, painted walls and bright colors there is a nice little back lounge area to sit in and to do some work.  Yofflers has good tasting gelato (I find there is a major lack of good  gelato offered in Charlotte!), and they give you big portions for the cup sizes and prices, very reasonable!  They also use Illy coffee which is a very tasty brand of Italian produced coffee.  I recommend everyone to try some!  I have yet to taste the frozen yogurt but I hear children and parents love it.  The employees are also very nice, welcoming, and attentive, it feels like they want your business and they want you to have a good experience while at their store.  And the place is always kept very clean.  Overall, the place is great!  It's good for parents with kids and for adults that want a quiet place to do some work with a good cup of coffee.
5	Yummy Not as much variety as others, but fresh with friendly service. They have gelato!They also have a few pastries and coffee drinks to choose from.Very nice young ladies work here.
5	LOVE this place! The waffle with almond gelato is my favorite combination. Warm waffle with cool, creamy almond gelato and fresh made whipped cream - perfect! Try the unique gelato flavors like carrot, Red Bull, avocado vanilla, and bacon! Self-serve froyo flavors are delicious too. Service is fast, lots of free samples, and cute, cozy chairs in the back for conversation. Will definitely be back again!
5	Great coffee! Love that my kids can get gelato or frozen yogurt and I can get coffee at the same place. They have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
5	UPDATE:  I still come to Yofflers weekly to find a quiet place to work on my laptop.  The workers are still great every time I come in they are very accommodating and seem to really appreciate your business.  The owner is very nice to all customers.  Their customer service is stellar to say the least.  I still have yet to try their frozen yogurt lol.  But I still get a large cup of gelato whenever I visit or waffle with stracciatella gelato on top YUM!  The facilities are still very clean as well.  I will continue to recommend this place to everyone!
5	This is a nice little place with lots of interesting gelato flavors.  I tried about six of them and decided on the pomegranate, which was delicious.  I highly recommend trying this place out if you like gelato.
3	If you want a quite escape this is the place. Not sure if I liked the Belgium waffle.... Felt a lil hard. I also wish they served my cappuccino in a cup not a to go cup.
5	Definitely  a small gem in Ballantyne .  ice cream ,belgian waffle coffee tea and more . Good to bring a friend  or kids . I feel like i am in Italy again ... Ummm
