5	On a recent trip to Montreal, while caffeinating at Starbucks, we inquired about a recommendation in the area for breakfast and our barista pointed us just down the block to Eggspectation.  This location is in the Old Montreal area, which, as tourists we clearly spent a good deal of time exploring, and, while I found it lacked the charm of many of the other smaller eateries nearby, it was convenient to our hotel, reasonably priced, and easily accommodated our traveling party of six two mornings in a row.According to their menu, Eggspectation is apparently acclaimed for their many Benedict-style egg dishes.  It's nice when a restaurant lives up to their own hype, because the Russian rhapsody was probably the best Benedict-style dish I've ever had.  I say Benedict-style because it was not plain old hollandaise on there, but something they called Romanoff sauce.  Whatever it was, it was delicious and I had a hard time straying from this to try something new the next morning.  On our second visit I tried the breakfast burger, which was basically a meat omelette slapped on a brioche with lettuce and tomato.  Not as magical as the rhapsody dish, but certainly a big step up from a breakfast sandwich at Dunkin Donuts.  The most indulgent part of our meal here was the breakfast appetizer of s'mores French toast.  Everybody wanted to try it, but nobody thought ordering an entire plate of that for breakfast was such a wise idea, so we got a communal one and everyone got to have a taste.  We are still talking about it weeks later.      A quick google search tells me that Eggspectation is a chain and that there are a few locations in the US, though none local to me.  I hope they make it to Massachusetts at some point, because IHOP just doesn't cut it compared to this place.  I will say that If you're a traveler who really relishes an authentic experience for every meal in a new city, maybe you want to skip this place as it is, as I said, a chain, but this place really delivered for us.
4	We went here for breakfast with the wife and 2 kids. I ordered the veggie omelette, the wife ordered 2 scrambled eggs with sausage and the kids ordered bagel with cream cheese. The toast was excellent. My omelette was good, though not "eggceptional". I might have ordered the wrong item on their menu. I should have gone with their Benedict dishes. The service was awesome, and is worth going back for. Will order the right dish next time.
4	Apparently one of the things about this place is that they serve a lot of fresh fruit with the meal. Having been here once, and shared 2 different things there, I have to agree that this is indeed accurate. Coming from the states, it's nice to see a massive heap of fresh fruit come with your meal as opposed to more potatoes, more buttered bread, or more bacon.We got 2 things here, the first was one of the many versions of the eggs benedict they offer. As...eggspected...sorry...it was quite tasty. There were a of these offerings to chose from and I have to say that there were too many that it was hard to make any decision at all. In the end we went with 1 of the vast number that looked good and in the end it did not disappoint. The next dish was french toast loaded with fruit, lots of fruit. This was a great dish and of course the fruit made it really good. I normally don't get french toast for breakfast but I will admit that I do like it. This was a good choice, and I wouldn't hesitate to get it again if we went back here.The espresso was decent, not amazing. I did get a second one but I'm not sure I should have. The service was ok but slow. And the price was maybe a hair on the high side. As a meal in-and-of-itself, it was good, I enjoyed it. Given a bit of slow service (to be fair we wanted to hit the road) and a bit of high price, it might suffer a hair on the overall grade. But it was a tasty meal and I imagine we may be back next time we're in the Old Port. Worth the trip overall.
3	not as good as expected..... I guess I like Cora more.....The Montreal putine was too salty to have a bite. :(
2	Tolerable. Waffles are good, fruit is fresh and crunchy, egg breakfeast looked good... BUT. Now im not trying to be critical..but i guess i was expecting better... the chocolate sauce they served with wafffles is gross... grainy and clearly overcooked, super watery and tart... they say its real chcocolate and they stand by it but its just plain gross. My husband got pankakes and they were pretty terrible as well. It came with like 5 bluberrys. Maple syrup on the other hand is tasty. They are a bit slow to refill your coffee and to bring the bill. A good variety for the menu. Maybe i got a bad day and usually its ok.
2	There aren't a lot of cheap restaurant options in the Old Port, more specifically and in the legal district. Eggspectation is one such option and I happen to love breakfast for lunch or dinner. Yet, Eggspectation is far from being the best breakfast restaurant. Service is okay. However, sometimes the waitresses make mistakes on your order ("No I asked for white bread, not whole wheat"). This afternoon, at another location, my friend ordered eggs benedict and instead of English muffins she got whole wheat toasts (?!).I usually get the same thing when I go to such restaurants: two eggs, potatoes and bacon. Pretty standard and not very difficult. The potatoes are okay, but the eggs are often tepid. The worst is probably the bacon. It's very thin, microwavable bacon. Yuck. I once had a burger there. It was not fantastic, but tolerable. The patty was quite dry. McDonald's, which is across the street, makes better burgers. The price: $10 (because tea isn't included with breakfast). Skip it, unless there is no other option.
4	S'mores French Toast - Nuttella and marshmallows melted between two pieces of french toast served with a side of fresh fruit drizzled with more nuttella and marshmallows.  Absolutely delicious.  Enough said.
2	Really unimpressive. The ambiance was a little dark and gloomy for a breakfast place. Staff seemed really rushed and not as service oriented. I mean its okay for a restaurant to just provide the bare minimum service for a typical, come order, serve food timely, and give bill timely etc but I guess them being located in a better part of the city I was expecting a little too much. Anyways, I was seated, and ordered the avocado omelette which could have been the most disappointing omelette I have ever had. Period. It was too watery inside, and the sundried tomatoes were all over the palce. The avocados itself just came in chunks leaving the whole flavor meal to go south. The sides, toast and homefries that came were just depressing. t=Too greasy and just not loved enough. I also ordered a chocobanana shake which was another let down. Anyways for a bill of 50 for two wasnt a cherry on top either Price was for the location yes it was expected, but being hopeful for a great brunch and not having it was just a nil situation. Not coming back again. =(
4	Good brunch menu with many options. This location feels like a bar. I have been to other locations with outside seating and preferred that. They have free wifi if you ask for a password which is great for yelping ;)As for food - my eggs were great. I liked the pairing of the greens with the eggs, bread and sauce. It was well executed. The potatoes were a bit blend and dry for my taste. I tried to add ketchup to them, but didn't help.I liked that the served fruit with the dish. I enjoy fruit at all times of the day.My freshly squeezed orange juice was sweet and tasty. My boyfriend ordered a smoothie. The smoothie tasted healthy. It tasted like it had fresh fruit and yogurt, but needed something extra for flavor.Overall, I liked the place and will be back. Hoping to try the crepe next time. Will avoid the potatoes.
5	This place had delicious food and the waitress was very friendly. I ordered the French toast and it was out of this world.
3	I'm not sure what it was but the morning I stopped in here I wasn't too hungry, I was just craving a crepe with Nutella.  This place is a little bit on the outskirts of Old Montreal which was nice because it wasn't crowded like all of the other places were on a nice weekend morning.  The wait staff was attentive and friendly and had no problem dealing with my obnoxious group of half English speaking, half French speaking friends.I ordered my banana, Nutella crepe while most of the rest of the group got breakfast.  Everyone seemed happy with their meals.  One of my friends ordered Mac n Cheese which I tried and it was absolutely amazing.  I would definitely get that again if I went back.  Overall I would say my crepe was average.I like the fact that it's walking distance from the hotel I normally stay at, it's not too crowded, and it has a very diverse menu, so I would probably return here again.
5	I went to eat with my friends at that place which was an elegant and cozy place, we ordered different plates and we all enjoyed our plates especially the Benedict with smoked salmon and fresh fruits and a brioche plate that comes with Greek Yogurt and fresh fruit toi. The orange juice is freshly squeezed and the grapefruit too. The service was amazing.... Overall we can say it was our best resto place we visited in Montreal
