4	This is the kind of gem that's off the beaten path and overlooked, but my wife and I had a great meal on the cheap, despite the late hour.
1	overall food wasnt half bad, my major issue was so -called hostess chasing our car down the street because we had the nerve to use gift certificate to pay for our order, never have i been treated so poorly ,my only advice if you decide to go is bring cash and lots of it
5	Sammy's. Shammy's. Sambo's. Slambo's. Shlambo's. Shammy, thank you for the shamshine. I could go on, but I'll get on with the review. However, those are all the names I call my fave pizza joint in Pittsburgh."Hold up, J." I hear you saying. "Didn't you decree Sarafino's as having the best pizza in Pittsburgh?" I did..and Sammy's is right up there with it. It's different from Sarafino's, but I love it just as much, so the kudos is going to have to be shared in this instance. So let's get down to it.Sammy's is an inconspicuous joint in the Green Tree/Crafton dining area. It's been there for a while and it has its share of local fans and families that frequent it regularly (along with our local boys in blue as well as the state police). The staff is friendly, the atmosphere low key, and everything I've tried on the menu is damned good. The pizza is phenomenal. The sauce is on the sweeter side, with just the right amount of tang. The crust is soft and not too chewy, with the cheese to sauce to crust ratio practically perfect. Every time I have a first bite of a slice of Sammy's pizza, my mind splits open, just like Lou Reed sings about on "Sister Ray." It's so good. Every element of the pie is tasty, with no one part overpowering any of the others. I like the pepperoni they use here. It's the smaller disc type that curls up on the edges when it's baked. And you can't go wrong at all if you get meatballs as a topping here, either.My other favorite thing here is the chicken wings. Now, I generally think Wings, Suds and Spuds up in Moon Township has the overall best wings in the Pittsburgh area, but they can be a tad expensive. Sammy's fries their wings as well, and come really close to being a mirror of Wings, Suds and Spuds. They're also about four dollars cheaper per order. I love the buffalo bleu, buffalo ranch, and parmesan bbq sauces. They have a ton of other flavors, as well as some not regularly listed on their weekly wing night specials.So what else is good here? The chicken parm sandwich is perfect, I've not had a better one anywhere. The steak hoagie is also excellent. The nachos are super, if you just get them with cheese only, or one of the bigger versions with meat and other toppings. Onion rings? Crazy tasty. Mozzarella sticks? Gooey and groovy ust like they should be.There's also plenty of salads, soups, pasta dishes, fish sandwiches, etc. Everything I've had here I've enjoyed. I go to Sammy's at least once every week and I never feel like I'm tired of it. It's just that good. The prices are in that sweet spot as well, so compared to some of the other pizza and Italian places around, you do get great value for your money here.It is a smaller establishment, but looks can be deceiving. The parking lot isn't big, but even when it looks crowded, there's often plenty of spots to sit at inside. So don't let a few cars dissuade you from coming in. A good restaurant wants lots of customers, after all. For the beer drinkers out there, Sammy's does sell brew, though there is no bar. They do have a good selection of favorite, expected domestics as well as some indie brews. They do a bang up business on the weekend, and deliver only on Friday and Saturday. If you live in the area, you may want to just call in and pick up your order as it's often quicker to do so by 30 minutes. No slight against their delivery, but since it's not an establishment that mainly focuses on that aspect, the takeout is a great way to go. A lot of times the parking lot is filled mainly with people just running in to pick up their orders.So if you love pizza, Sammy's is the place to go, along with Sarafino's. If you're looking for the usual sorts of things local pizza places offer aside from pizza, then you definitely want to go to Sammy's. It's light years better than Portofino's, Mario's, etc. You can tell the staff cares about what they're making and serving to its patrons as the food is always top notch. 'Nuff said.
4	Just had my first Sammy's experience (8/18/14). I will definitely be returning. I've tried a lot of different pizzas in the Greentree area, and this one is a favorite.
