4	i had a good time here Thursday, saw Evidence from Dilated Peoples, it was also his birthday celebration so the place was ape shit. drink prices were right, and door charge was 10 bucks. i would have paid more to see evidence, and have lol.blunt club is something of a resident of Club Red and it's every thursday  night and is a hip-hop venue.quoted from the myspace page "Over the span of a 6.75 years, The Blunt Club  has accomplished what all party organizers dream of: hordes of beautiful young people losing it on their dance floors, unparalleled street cred, a party circuit that now extends throughout Arizona & California, and resident DJs that are booked at countless club parties throughout United States. The path was not paved with diamonds, guns, big name international DJs and glossy towel-sized flyers, nor with a website or message board to call their own, but simply by enthusiastic word-of-mouth promotion among an ever growing, always receptive circle of friends and acquaintances... peers, if you will....... Thanks to everyone that helped me & the crew make this shit happen over the last five and a half years, and all of the thousands of groups that graced our stage and felt the vibe! Here's to the next 7! Dumperfoo "i would highly encourage you to check out a show at the blunt club. i had alot of fun. 5 stars if they owned the building. lol.
4	Blunt Club: Arizona's #1 source for quality live underground hip hop.  MCs, DJs, B-Boys, Artists and scallywags alike unite each and every Thursday.I can't even begin to recount the amazing shows I've seen at the night's many locations over the years.  Just as long: the list of shows I've missed and couldn't get to for one reason or another.  Kicking myself later for missing it. Let's see...Jeru the DamajaFlying LotusPublic EnemyBusdriverCamp LoDilated PeoplesDigable PlanetsJosh MartinezAbstract RudeGaslamp KillaZ-TripLyric BornThat's not even the tip of the iceburg.Great drink specials and a definite lack of sadiddy behavior.The new (although not so new anymore) location: Club Red is my favorite so far with a lot of room to dance and friendly bartenders.  Come by and become the next regular: you won't be sorry.
4	I've only been to this venue once or twice, but both times were fun. They bring some great acts into the city. The venue itself is really chill. Good drink prices and plenty of room to move around.Keep up the good work.
4	Wanted to check out what Arizona's scene was about. I wanted to see a live show, i wanted to hear good music-& that's what i got.The music was more than i expected it to be so BIG UPS to the DJ for the underground!! This place also had people on the canvas, tables all around & a small dance floor-which actually reminded me of places back home. It was a pleasure seeing Simple Citizens from LA rocking the stage...full band w/ MC who also has a trumpet player. Crackin.In addition was their drink SPECIAL. Yes, there was a $10 cover charge for the show-but the bar charged a QUARTER(!) per drink before 11p then $5 drinks thereafter. WOW. Good to know, especially for the next time i come to visit, I'll be sure to hit this place up nice & early. Yet another spot aside from the Lost Leaf that i will be frequenting when I visit The Grand Canyon State again.
