3	With its grand opening another high end market makes its way into Pittsburgh. Not for families on a budget, they do have daily specials, 2.99 Tuesday sales and six dollar Saturday sales. Fresh produce section, a bit more costly than GE, much better selection though. Like Whole Food, big prepared food section, everything looked well prepared and delicious. Huge meat and cheese department too. If you can stick to just sale items you can stay on your budget, I still favor Trader Joe's and Market District. Not as packed as I thought it might be, after I arrived the throngs started rolling in.
4	The Fresh Market, that North Carolina import, has arrived to a new locale, at the intersection of Washington Road (Route 19) and Connor Road in Mount Lebanon. It's a tricky location, not just because traffic backs up here due to the abundance of businesses that are packed onto this stretch of road, but because The Giant Eagle Market District and Trader Joe's are both right up the street. When my husband and I arrived this morning at 9:45, the parking lot was, well...a parking lot, with a waiting line out into the road to get in. Not surprising, given that it was opening day. The parking lot is also smallish for a business this size.Whenever I go to a new grocer the first thing I look for is organic anything, but produce in particular. The Fresh Market has a decent variety of organic produce, so I was happy about that. I did some comparing of my register receipts after arriving back home, and found that, overall, Market District's produce is cheaper. I plan on bringing in my Fresh Market receipt to the Market District next time I'm there and comparing other items that I buy, as there wasn't much crossover of items between the two receipts today. An update of this review will be in order then.The aisles are a little tight here, more like a Trader Joe's in feel than a larger market. They have a lovely coffee selection, with their own store brand beans available alongside the upscale brands like intelligentsia. I chose their decaf New Orleans French Roast blend, as I was assured by a long time employee of corporate that all of their decaf coffees are Swiss water process. Again, I may look into that myself, as their decafs are not labeled as such, and I usually find that the extra cost of decaffeinating coffee this way is advertised somewhere on the label. It's a little like offering organic anything and then not bothering to let people know. It was just before lunch when we shopped, so we took advantage of the nice selection of freshly made sandwiches. I got the North Carolina style smoked pork barbecue sandwich topped with slaw, and hubby got the roasted pork sandwich with cranberry slaw. We took them home to eat them, as they don't offer seating here, and they were both very good, although the slaw on mine was more the mild, creamy style you find in New England, so didn't scream North Carolina barbecue to me. Still, I will be returning here for lunch often. The rotisserie and fried chicken both looked great, as did the roast pork, and they have a small but wonderful looking salad bar and some nice looking prepared foods at the deli counter. We were able to sample a chicken wing and a smoked rib, as they were going sample crazy on opening day, and everything I tried was delicious, so the prepared food here is way better than what you can get at The Market District. The cheese selection was small here, but the bakery is substantial. They have a nice selection of natural beauty products, like Burt's Bees, Jason's and Desert Essence, and the pantry aisles are stocked with higher end items as well as their own store brand. The bulk section was fairly large, but didn't offer much in the way of organic items. When I asked for organic rolled oats they only had packages of Bob's Red Mill, which is way more expensive than buying it in bulk, even at a small natural foods store like Sunnybridge, near me. So I don't think I would do all of my shopping here, but I will most definitely be returning for their prepared foods form the deli section, and will pick up odds and ends.
4	Parking and exiting will be an issue.  But a nice addition to the grocery stores in the area.  Lots of organic and fresh produce.  Pricing seems to be on par or in some cases lower the some of the competition. The deli and prepared foods looked great.  There was a salad bar, bulk candy and much more.  Picked up some seafood and produce.  Looking forward to coming back.  There was someone BBQing and a small outdoor seating area to eat. You could smell the baked bread and fresh coffee.  Once the grand opening is over, look forward to returning.
5	FRESH MARKET OPENS IN MT. LEBANON!!Great store!! Visited today for the Grand Opening and overall very impressive.  Keep in mind that the Fresh Market clearly advertises themselves as "Gourmet", so its not your everyday cheapo supermarket, in fact, its not supposed to be a supermarket at all!  The atmosphere and decor was wonderful and the selections were unique.  Goodbye Giant Eagle, well actually they are still good for toilet paper, paper towels and laundry detergent, oh wait, snap, that's what Walmart and Target are good for also.Parking was not as much of an issue when we arrived, plenty of open slots.  Yes, the traffic getting to the location is the real pain in the neck.Uh-oh, the Big Burg Bird just got its wings clipped...ouch. And right around the corner from GE #1 Market District store, too bad. Anyway, Fresh Market was worth the wait, will be shopping there frequently... How many stores does the Regional VP push your cart to your car and unload your groceries?? Now that's opening day class...http://www.thefreshmarket.com/Then we have another grand opening to look forward to in 2015, Whole Foods right around the corner from the same GE #2 Market District store, (yes the #1 got downgraded)!!  And then....there will be .........one more.....yes you guessed it......... PITTSBURGH'S FIRST WEGMAN'S!!!!  Its about time this monopoly was terminated...
4	I was really excited to see what this place would be about when I passed by it every other day as it was being constructed.  I went opening day even though I knew it was going to be a scene.  Whoever approved this site made a huge mistake as the parking is entirely inadequate and the location is a challenge to exit.  There were better choices in the area for this location and I think they will suffer especially after the Wegman's and Whole Foods open in the area.  I really appreciated the quality of the food within.  They have a huge selection of organic groceries.  The other day I even bought a pint of organic figs.  This is the first time I have ever seen them and they were delicious.  The prepared foods look good.  I tried a chicken wing and it was ok.  The dry rub ribs were ok too.  Not great.  I do like the salad bar, although, I tried a prepared corn salad and it wasn't good.  The corn was tough among other problems with the dish.  I did try an outstanding pork sandwich with brie on a housemade roll.  I am so glad to have another option outside Giant Eagle.
3	Do you eat your candy bars with a fork and knife? Then TFM is for you. Just kidding. But seriously, as noted in other reviews. Some items are a bit pricey. For instance, the prepared breaded chicken filets were over $5 EACH. Wow. They were good but not 11$ for two good. The overall feel of the store is an open (fresh?) market with a small produce section, large butcher shop and prepared foods section. It definitely reminded me of something you would find in a busy downtown street in Europe. Small but a nice varied selection. The only issue with this is that if you are looking to stock up on produce because you only go to the grocery store once a week (rather than several times a week because it's on your way home and convenient like in many European towns) you won't have much to choose from. I bought 8 pears and pretty much cleaned out the organic pear selection. On a positive note, I did find some organic produce options that you don't find at Trader Joe's or the local Market District. They have bagged salads that are organic. Some would say that it defeats the purpose of eating organic but to each his own. In the middle of the store is the large prepared foods section with various salads (pasta, quinoa, broccoli). They also have different flavors of rotisserie chicken which can also be purchased in pieces as a meal. Also in the middle section s a very small salad bar and olive bar. There is a small deli and cheese section as well. One surprising note was the selection of bulk candy. There's an entire aisle of it. Kinda crazy for such a small store. In the back of the store is the butcher shop and bakery. They were advertising their "natural" chicken without antibiotics. I asked about grass fed beef and was told that they only get it in a few days a year because it doesn't sell. Um, didn't they JUST open? Moving on, the cakes looked incredible. I tried a chocolate croissant and bought a loaf of cheesy foccacia bread. Eh. Nothing special there. The other side of the store has packaged foods, dairy and cleaning supplies. The focus is on green natural and organic. I bought a couple yogurts that I had never seen before. Overall, the staff were pleasant. The store was clean and well stocked. There are a variety of interesting and different items. But, with the parking situation, the prices and the small quantities of produce, TFM will probably only be a special occasion store for me. Special note: Not a god place to take a baby. There are no carts in the parking lot and the aisles are close together/packed. Very easy for little hands to grab things.
3	I was very excited to check out The Fresh Market's new store.  So excited that I braved the parking "situation"--others have described it adequately, but two weeks after opening they still have policemen to wave you and and make sure it's safe for people to back out of their spots (if they were lucky enough to get one).  Inside is kind of a similar situation, but with shopping carts.I definitely wouldn't come here on a weekly basis for groceries, mostly due to the fact that I'm from the north side.  I bought a half gallon of ice cream that was totally melted by the time I made it out of this place and home.It is definitely something different--they have a good mix of "fancy" and more reasonable food items.  It would be a GREAT place to come put together a picnic basket--baguette, cheeses, spreads, etc.  They also have delicious coffee.  I'm glad I checked it out and I may be back in the fall after the novelty wears off--it's just nice to see our grocery options expanding!!
3	Pricy and crowded, food is good got salad bar fare and was not disipointed. I suggest going and looking but doing your actual grocer shopping at the giant eagle in Robinson they have the same stuff much much cheaper
2	Pretentious and nothing special. With the closure of McGinnis, I was looking forward to the arrival of a grocery who could carry fresh local items and specialty items you couldn't get elsewhere.This isn't it. What does this place offer that the Market District up the street doesn't? The answer is - practically nothing,What you do get is classical music, attitude and an inconvenient location.I predict this place will be gone inside of a year.
4	I walked into this place on July 3 - the grand opening. Thank goodness there was a policeman directing traffic because I never would have made it into the parking lot alive otherwise! On a VERY busy corner on Route 19 diagonally across from the Galleria, the Fresh Market has its hands full. There is very little parking and getting into and out of the lot is dangerous at times because of the traffic. Once you walk in the door, though, it is an oasis of calm. Flowers (orchids on sale!) greet you immediately and turn that frown upside down. They have all sorts of lovely fruits and veggies-even Hawaiian papayas! Their coffee selection includes a Costa Rican Terrazu and a Tanzanian Peaberry. Wow! The big winner in this store is the freshness of the meats and the taste of the whole chickens. They put a wonderful assortment of herbs on the chickens and all of them are fabulous. The fresh fish is also of good quality. The kicker at this place --- I had a worker come up to me and offer me some lemonade to try. It was delicious. Then he told me that if I wanted to try anything else, they would open it up and sample it. Even if it cost $20. It made me feel good that I could try something new before purchasing it. It just felt like they really cared about my business. All of the food from here is delicious. The main issue is that it is all fairly expensive. I spent about an hour in the store just looking through all of their goodies. I picked out several things, most on sale, and the total was still $80. Ouch. I guess you really are paying for that ambiance and service.
3	I don't know what I'm missing but it looks like the headache of the GE Market District crammed into a smaller space. I really couldn't do a equal price comparison to the stuff that they are selling here. It seems like a good majority of the products that appealed to me, was the "fresh" pre-made items such as pastries,  lunches, dinners, and salads. Other than that I have to come here when it is less crowded.
2	In my head this was a really comical experience. So I walk in on a weekday morning looking all rough. No make-up, hair frizzy, wearing an old sweatshirt. Real classy like. As soon as I entered in I heard classical music playing. For a hot second I thought they played this music every time someone walks in. Then I realized they just play it throughout the whole store. It makes so much sense that Classical music playing when you pick out your $10.99 nuts. Like literally, there's a wall full of nuts. Any kind of nut you want, you can have.As you can imagine, it's super neat and everything is nestled in it's right place. Things did look fresh, but it comes at a high cost. I picked out marinated filet mignon and pork chops. I won't tell you how much they cost. But I will say that filet was darn good. The pork chops were just okay. If you're looking for brand names, you probably won't find it here. Even something as "fancy" as almond milk is high end brands I've never heard of. Almond Breeze has no place here apparently. I believe it looked like they carried their own brand. I will admit I bought a pumpkin bread mix from their brand that turned out pretty good. I won't repeat myself...okay, I will, it was expensive as well. Also, if you're into spices it seems like they have every type of usual and unusual ones. Including seasonings and rubs. I would imagine this would be amazing for someone who likes to cook or add a little spice to their life. But it just comes down to one thing. Can you tell what it is? Money. I felt poor shopping here. One, because I looked a little ragged and two, because my total was like a shopping trip for two weeks at Aldi. MAYBE even three. I honestly probably won't be back, unless I'm really craving that filet. Like, reeeeeally craving it. And only if I was feeling rich...
5	I have become addicted to FM.  Yes, the location is truly terrible and the parking lot small.  However, once inside the store you're treated to a peaceful, clean, organic shopping experience where you can trust the food you're buying is excellent quality.  The fruit and veggie selection isn't as large as what Whole Foods offers, but what they have is ripe, ready to eat, and at a good price.  I most often find myself in FM for the bakery.  I buy a lot of their fresh breads, pies, cookies, muffins, and donuts.  Why?  Because they're absolutely delicious and not loaded with fillers and chemicals.  My family can enjoy the occasional treats and I don't have to spend hours in the kitchen baking.  The fresh meats are excellent.  The salads and sides are excellent, the take-home pizzas are winners.  This is a really nice store and very different from Giant Eagle.  The quality of GE's selection doesn't compare to FM, and the stress level in GE is almost the same as shopping in Wal-mart.  My experience is in FM is always stress-free and the other customers are friendly.  I cannot speak to the selection of gluten-free or allergen-free items at FM because we do not have these issues in our home, but generally speaking for families without food allergies, I highly recommend this store.
4	I am a big fan of Fresh Market.I buy my meats and produce at fresh market.   I really enjoy the times they prepared.  My latest find was the buffalo chicken and blue cheese brats -  the were awesome.Their prepared foods may cost a little more but your tummy will appreciate it.
4	I really like this place,  just wish it was closer!While very similar to a Giant Eagle Market District or Whole Foods, The Fresh Market is something fresh and unique. Yes it's expensive but, so is Giant Eagle Market District and Whole Foods. While it competes with both Market District and Whole Foods you won't find everything you're looking for all the time as it is somewhat smaller then it's two main competitors. Others have complained about parking which I don't get. If you want to talk about crappy parking then look no further than the Trader Joe's,  Whole Foods or Giant Eagle Market District parking lots in East Liberty. Now those are parking nightmares! The meat department has just about anything you could ever want or need. There is also a great selection of organic products. There's even a prepared food section with different flavors of wings, salads, sandwiches just to name a few. The other star of the show is the bakery. Lots of different breads, cakes, pies, cookies and so much more.Some of the prices were cheaper here than at Whole Foods or the Market District and some weren't. I would say get your everyday items at ALDI, Bottom Dollar or Shop n' Save and get your specialty items here if you can't find them cheaper at Giant Eagle Market District or Whole Foods. Defiantly worth stopping if you're ever in the area.All the employees I came in contact with were extremely pleasant and helpful. I just need a closer location and I would be a happy camper.
5	This place is awesome!!! The diversity of products and selection is amazing! I use to be all about Whole Foods, but after being here today, boy have I changed my mind! The interior is beautiful and the employees are super pleasant! It has more of an upscale feel, yet very relaxed too. I like it, because you literally do not feel like you are in a grocery store. You feel more like you are in a street food market or something. I feel like other grocery chains have tried to emulate this, however, The Fresh Market has mastered it! The baked goods and meats not only look gorgeous but the taste and freshness is out of this world!!! The other day I got the salted caramel cookies, unbelievable. They tasted super fresh and were so thin and buttery. All of their pies looked amazing. So much so that I wished I had an upcoming dinner party so I could take one!The coffee selection is out of this world. So many different flavors! Chocolate lavender coffee, I'm in!!
1	Wow so this place has some good produce and some niche products but you will pay way to much for it. Drive to whole foods throwing dollar bills out the window and you will save money. I bought grapes over 12.00 for the bag strawberry over 7 for the small box. I also bought a take and bake bread my friend stopped by and said those are great I get them from bottom dollar for 1.99 I paid 4.99 at fresh market. This place is just plain and simple a rip off if you like to be a yuppy and throw away money shop here. There are many places to buy organic this place is not one of them
4	So I made the mistake of checking this place out right after I stuffed my face at the food court in the mall.  Shopping make me hungry.  I would've been in more of an experimental mood if it wasn't for that.  Everything looked great!  I noticed the prices on a few things that left me saying whhhaaa like $35 for a bag of potpourri or $17.99 per pound for macadamia nuts.  Cray.  They do have a nice selection of bar soaps, tea, a giant wall of nuts, and chocolate everywhere!  My kind of place.  In the end I left with some thin crisp chocolate chip cookies from the bakery and some organic chamomile licorice tea bags. Both were delicious!
4	Some of their prices may be high, but their grass-fed ground beef is a genuine bargain. It's $6.99 a pound there, whereas Giant Eagle charges over $10 a pound for the same thing.
