4	For those who are GLBTA friendly, and for those who don't know what that means had best look it up before venturing to this particular store.  But if you know what I'm talking about, this is definitely one to check out.  They have local community events posted to check out.  They also have a very wide selection of books, magazines, music, t-shirts, and "toys".  This place really is a lot of fun, and has a lot to offer.
4	Yeah I'm here a bit more often than most because I had a friend who worked here. This is the only gay bookstore in Charlotte that I know of, but since there is not really a plethora of gay novels they have other things too such as sex toys, underwear, lube, and porn. Oh my!It was really fun people watching when I came here to have a chat with my friend working there at the time. Oh man the things people buy and ask for and talk about! Certainly never a boring time developing hypotheses on what that gentleman buying the cock ring is going to use it for or the nice guy getting "video head cleaner" and his freaky side. The staff is actually quite nice. I went here with some friends once and one got a grow your own girlfriend that lasted for quite a decent amount of time and a purple elephant vibrator. There is a selection of lubes available for you know what, their top sellers are Swiss Navy and Gun Oil. Did you know that silicon based lube lasts a lot longer than their water based counterparts and are much better unless you are using them with a "toy"? The more you know!They recently got a facelift on the outside and I think you can't possible miss this White Rabbit now that it's been painted into a freaking rainbow! Go check it out. It's a fun time I promise! Unless you are kind of skittish about accidentally seeing some vintage gay porn in the back.
5	Jock Strap Central!!!  Hey Man, where else are you going to find "Nasty Pig" brand apparel (really I had never heard of it)!  Now I have!Jock Straps on Central!  If Curiosity can kill a cat, then what do you think satisfaction would do!  The Yelp listing for this business is :  White Rabbit Books and Things,  They do have a FEW books!  They have Rainbow Lollipop Dils, that's right!  The REAL reason for me bringing my Girlfriend here was to get a Gift for Neal and Bobs Chinese Gift Exchange Ugly Christmas Sweater Holiday Gathering - My Heart was set on a bottle of "Swiss Navy" or "Gun Oil", then the Sugar Bear (I do not know what he is really called - Bear shaped like you get Honey in at the Grocery)  Bear shaped bottle of Lube... Pistol Pete Underwear and wait a minute, Swiss Navy? Switzerland is landlocked! So we went for the Lube and stayed for the Underwear and and maybe a video, yes it was a video, as we looked at a display my Girlfriend said "what are these" I said "I think they are air fresheners", I was REAL WRONG... These "Apparatuses" looked totally Innocent and the Narrator was so Professional sounding as he explained how the product would provide a more enjoyable experience for the man who wants the most innovative design for  handling "D" tool__  being Handy by himself (you know)!We forgot to look for some cool Swimwear for me... Who is looking for Swimwear this time of the year... Mid 70's outside in December... I am!!!  * * * * *  The rest of my review is for : :  ENTERTAINMENT  Purposes only!! * * * * *History of the Jop Strack according to Rod0... (this is not a Fairytail, though you can call it one if you like)... The Jopstrap as I remember was required "epuiptment" (the Coaches actually called it "Equipment") for Junior High Gym Class!  Some guys loved them, some loved to love them and some LOVED to hate them... After High School we invented something we called the "H-jock" named after Handy Randy Hjock!  Performing without a "net" ...The H-jock consisted of Duct Tap leg straps and a thumb tacked (maybe misnamed if you say thumb) and that is it, no net, just Duct Tape leg straps and a "thumb tack"...s
