4	As I was out doing some Christmas shopping, I noticed a new business on Stephanie. It was a Rhapsodielle, which is a store that sells women's clothing, mainly trendy clubwear, at rather low prices. This Rhapsodielle is much larger then the one on Serene, and it makes a world of difference with regard to your shopping experience. The shoe section is fantastic, with many sizes out and ready to be tried on. One of my biggest annoyances with the Serene location was how difficult it was to get an employee to help find sizes for shoes. This location seemed to have more employees working then the other as well... The quality of the clothing hasn't changed, it's still not that great... But the items are very inexpensive. I didn't try anything on since I wasn't technically supposed to be shopping for myself... I will definitely be back.
3	Not entirley inpressed with this store. It seems to be a trend in the Rhapsodielle shopping stores to disregard and ignore its customers. At THREE different locations I  was waiting 30 minutes or more to get help with shoes, even after asking. At this location I finally got a lady to grab another to help and when she came out, she looked at me for several akward minutes and said she had to help another customer.. I mean really, who does that?!   I DO however like the clothes, I'd say it's mainly club wear and fashionable shirts. It is very cheap approx. 10-20 for dresses, shirts and jackets and even lower for pants and camis. Shoes are about average.
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS, the only reason they got 1 star was because yelp requires at least one.My daughter walked up to the counter where there were two employees to ask a question she was ignored by both of them, all the while they were complaining about a customer that had been in the store earlier in the day...one turned around and started working on something as the other received a customer that came from the opposite side of where my daughter was standing. I called the clerk that wasn't with a customer over and asked her if they make customer service a priority and she replied "yes, I'm sorry my head was in a different place" I understand that people have a life outside of work, but it should not affect your ability to do your job.So I decide to continue to shop (not sure why...I guess I forgot they're return policy is crap, no cash refunds only store credit). So we take our selections up to the register the same girl that I talked to earlier about customer service was at the register, she rings us up and immediately walks away even though there was someone else in our party that had stuff to purchase. I had to ask her to come back to the register so we could complete our purchases, our friend hands the clerk a $50 dollar bill and the clerk proceeds to run the bill marker pen (detects counterfeit bills) back and forth several times which is going to make the color darker instead of your usual one swipe, she decides she won't accept the bill because the of the color. We didn't find that acceptable because of my cashier experience I know that only if the marker/pen produces a DARK BROWN OR BLACK color the bill is in fact legit she calls another employee over (the second girl that ignored my daughter) she says she can't accept the bill so our friend hands the clerk a $100 bill, she swipes the pen which produced the same EXACT color as the first time on the $50 and she says I can take this one, but not the other?????THE EMPLOYEES IN THIS STORE SEEMED THE LEAST BIT INTERESTED IN PROVIDING EVEN MEDIOCRE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND WERE DOWN RIGHT RUDE I WILL NEVER GIVE Rhapsodielle ANOTHER PENNY.Furthermore I would suggest the owners invest in some customer service training for their employees!
2	love their cheap affordable clothes. and i love this location. it has a bigger selection to choose from rather than the serene location. i would have to change my rating to a 2 because although i love their prices, you really pay for the quality of some pieces you find at this store. i notice that some of the items i purchase, i will only be able to wear a couple of times due to quickly fading and shrinking from one wash! still love the conveniency of the store being closer in distance than my nearest mall.
4	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEIR GOODS....buuuuuuttt , man what is going on with the employees from this store??? Nobady says hi, nor smiling, nor welcome you. I really think people working here are not happy with their job...lol. Such a pitty...they all should be changed.
3	Trendy fashions and affordable is what comes to mind about this place. Although majority of the the sizes tend to run small. So if you have the more curvy hips and bigger bust size then I would pass this store up. Other than that you'll find some fab club/party wear. Ambiance/Service-Good! Organized,easy to find by size and I like how everything is sectioned off by color. Staff both on floor and at registers have always been helpful and friendly. Located in strip mall with other bargain based stores. Take into account quality wise, it's throwaway clothes, it's inexpensive and you get what you pay for basically. I find some outfits will only last through a couple of washings before it falls apart. But go for it! It looks great for first time wear.
1	I went in here looking for a gift.  I didn't see anything that caught my eye.  Just not my style.  But I'm sure this is a nice spot for the younger crowd. I was really surprised they didn't have more accessories.
4	What's with the low rating?Yes it is not you Express, Lane Bryant, Dolce kind of pricing, duh so the quality is what you pay for.But for a quick, liven up your wardrobe quickie. You can't get better than Rhapsodielle.They have your club wear, to casual wear, to work attire. The selection is ridiculous. It is sectioned off by colors, which I think is a good idea. Some may hate the idea. It is definitely, not a store for the "CURVY" girls, as their sizes tend to run small. The work pants sizing is weird as it only comes in small, medium or large, but hey for the price you work around it. They have some items that may look like had trickled down from Forever 21. There is a wide selections of shoes, I didn't request for any sizes so I can't comment on that. Good selection on accessories as well.After leaving with $110 dollars, I believe I had a count of about 9-12 goodies. So you can see what your medium range is per item. I also like to ravage the clearance rack, nothing better than buying for less when you can still rock it. The service staff was great. though most are Spanish speakers, they did well when asked a question.I hope this stores sticks around.
3	Ok, so to answer Aimees question, the low reviews are probably a reflection of the crappy service!Products are displayed as a color scheme, which is visually inviting, well for me, and I believe that certain pieces in your clothing collection can be pulled of if its a store bought cheapie! This store is cheap... really cheap, I once spent $80 and left with a dress, a jacket, a pair of shoes and accessories, which could also be relatable to forever 21 as far as it relates to merchandise quality. But the service is the store SUCKS, I mean, JUST REALLY SUCKS.Its a good thing I have alot of patience.
2	If you're looking for a quick, cheap outfit this is the place to go..Cute clothing, accessories and shoes --most in season. Couple things I don't like..1) Employees need to smile a little.. Actually more often please. & 2) Seems like they change their items on the floor every 3-4 days! You would think they'd keep it up for at least a week! Just in case you need another or need to exchange..FYI - Return Policy is exchange or store credit only!
1	Very cheap material and style. Very similar to a fallas paderes! I did not like any of the clothes here. Yes cheap prices but also very bad clothes. I have no clue why everyone is wowing over this store. Worst shopping experience ever. I won't be going back! Nothing like hotties maybe more of an H&M and forever 21 if your into that kind of thing. I did not find anything cute.
1	All locations have the WORSE customer service. They never greet or ask if you need any help. When asking then for help they are not friendly or approachable about it. No refund, store credit only and then it's a hassle for the store credit to work
1	I don't usually write reviews but I have to agree with the masses and say that the customer service here was terrible!! I was there for almost an hour looking to buy something for my sister and NOT ONCE did anyone offer to help me. I even stood by the cashier counter and waited until one of the cashiers could answer a question I had regarding skirt sizing but after ten minutes I was just awkwardly looked at (twice) and ignored. And there were only three other people in the store. Never again!!!! The prices are amazing, but the sizes run small. Could've been a better experience if I didn't feel like I was a disturbance in the workers' day.
