3	I'd give this place more like 3.5 stars. Being a Californian, I haven't ever been to any Brooklyn Bagels locations. Mainly, because we don't have any in my area. We decided to give this place a shot because we were looking for quick breakfast food, without the greasy regret. According to the workers, this place has been open for about 8 weeks now. The menu offerings had everything from bagel sandwiches, to breakfast wraps, to egg dishes and pancakes, and they even had lunch items like sandwiches and salads to boot. They have something for everyone...for those that want a hearty breakfast or those who just want to be satisfied. Judging from their beverages - juices, Vitamin waters, and the like I think they're striving to be a more health conscious joint. I got a veggie wrap (onions, spinach, mushroom) on a whole wheat tortilla (or you have the option of a spinach tortilla) with egg whites. They were pretty generous with the portion, my main gripe was that my egg whites were a tad overcooked.The people that worked here were extremely friendly and very patient with our indecisiveness. I found their service to be outstanding. We had a complicated order and they kept the smiles on their faces the entire time. They even labeled the different wraps to prevent confusion for us when we took the food home to everyone.
5	This place came highly recommended by a good friend.... she passed me a 10% off discount card & off I went to check it out.Its conveniently located so it was real easy to find. First thing I noticed is how good it smelled right when you walk in.  The interior design was very eye pleasing including a television playing current events.  The menu was large... what do I choose??? Since I was buying lunch for the office, I knew I had a chance to get what I wanted (because I'd split it & share anyways)Chicken Salad on a Spinach Wrap... Not your ordinary chicken salad. This was made fresh right there. Everything I liked.. nothing I didn't. A little salt a little pepper...BAM... it was the Bomb!California Turkey Club on toasted wheat. All you have to say is Avocado & I melt... oh yeah Bacon gets me going too. They also had a variety of fountain & bottled beverages.. your sure to find what you like.The staff was friendly right from the start. In just a few minutes I was out the door, although the fresh aroma wanted me to stay. I must add Monica A. (FTR) was a bit harsh... Although being a yelper sometimes you get a little (alot) picky.. I know, I know, I've been there too. Anyhow, I will definitely return...probably today!
3	Like Monica, I never had the chance, prior to moving to LV, of trying Brooklyn Bagels, and I have to say that I was a bit disappointed.  I've been to this location many times because it's so close to where I live.  And I agree that the employees are always very cheery (even early in the morning) and eager to help.  My problem is that the bagels I've purchased have been very hit or miss.  Sometimes they're fantastic, crisp on the outside and pillowy on the inside...other times, they're hard (stale-like) and really dry and crumbly on the inside.  It's hard to rate this place higher than 3 stars when half the time I can only eat half the bagel before my jaw gets tired of chewing and chewing the rawhide-like bagel "crusts".  It doesn't mean I won't still go here once in a while, but it's always a crapshoot (sooo apropos in Vegas ;)).One big plus: the coffee is always fantastic.  Much better than the starbucks next door.
3	I don't know what it is about this place but they rarely look like they're open even though they stay open until three pm on weekdays, according to the staff. I have been there twice now, on Sunday mornings, and I have to say their food is good and service is fine.  It's a small, but clean, place with seating if you want to eat in.  The seating and decor are very, very basic - like a Subway.  I prefer to-go.   I've gotten the breakfast bagel both times - quite yummy.  You can also buy coffee, orange juice, and probably anything the average bagel place carries.The last time I was there the guy behind the cash register was extremely friendly and pleasant to chat with.
5	This place is great and located right next to a Starbucks so its a one stop shop for all your breakfast needs. Its a throwback to a good old fashioned east coast bagel place, you'll be greated with a smile and a hello as you walk in the door and you'll find it hard to get your breakfast anywhere else after the staff gets to know you. If you like the feel of being a regular customer and having your order recitied before you even order it, this is your place! A must stop as part of your morning routine on the way to work.
1	Here ye Here ye! Take notice of what I say!1..Yelp directions are wrong!2.  THIS PLACE IS CLOSED!
3	Meh! A little pricy for ordinary bagels.
