5	Well Publix has arrived in South Charlotte opening the store on Steele Creek rd and South Tryon, the former home of Bi-Lo. Very little of the old bilo still remains as publix has totally redid this location, turning it into an upscale shopping experience for the Steele Creek Palisades community. It appeared to be an all hands on deck event Publix employees and management, has they were out in force meeting and greeting the new community that serve.  Looking good Publix looking good
5	Laid out exactly like the Publix across the border in Fort Mill, this Publix is going to be improving the quality of the grocery shopping in the Southwest of Charlotte. Competing with an excellent Harris Teeter and a SuperTarget that hasn't changed in years, I look forward to the new competition here.Excellent bakery section with loads of delicious looking sweet things. I couldn't say no to a strawberry tart and a couple of mini canolis. A fresh baguette also made it into the cart before our shop took us through the cheese department (well priced Publix brie) and then the produce section. Wow, all of it looking great. Meats? Yep, we'll take a steak. Fish? Okay, some salmon. And then filling out the rest of our shop in the grocery, dairy and frozen departments.It's still brand new (it only opened three days ago), so yes, I expect all of the staff to be extra smiley and extra friendly. I expect the shelves to be stocked. I expect to have a happy person assisting the cashier with the bagging. And yes, I'll take some assistance bringing my groceries to the car and loading them into the trunk. Wow, Publix. I hope you keep it up. I'll be back and if the experience changes for the worse, I'll be sure to update this review.
4	great customer service, clean store
2	New store,laid out very nice,friendly people.But like they say one bad apple.My bad apple was Blake (customer service ctr)who went out of his way to be a jerk!! My disabled son and I had just spent 150.00 and were heading to the car when my son remembered he was out of cigarettes,so I told him to go back and get them while I load the groceries.Well even though he is 35 he had forgot his ID and BLAKE wouldn't sell them to him.So I go back inside to get them and explained to BLAKE that Mike was 35 and to please give me the cigs as I am 60 and have my ID.BLAKE refused saying "now that I know you are buying for him I won't sell to you".So I had him call a Mgr over who told BLAKE to sell me the cigs and BLAKE still refused.This was insane and senseless and ruined my experence.I explained to BLAKE that he was just being an ass but he seemed to disagree.So my advise is if you go to the Customer Service Ctr avoid BLAKE as he is an egotistical jerk.
1	3 baggers congregating around check out, only one bagging. Talking  amongst themselves about the lack of cashiers. Ignoring us completely till it was time to pay. Manager stood close by and said nothing.
4	Clean, Bright, and lots of fresh produce whats not to like.   I've been to a couple publix around the area (mostly south of the border) and it is exciting to see them infiltrating there way into the metro and surrounding area.  I would chose them over harris teeter any day, also you don't have to have any type SUPER-BEST-FRIENDS-VALUE-FREQUENT-BUYER card to get all the deal prices.
4	I'm a Harris Teeter guy, but Publix wasn't that bad.  The location was extremely clean and unlike HT, each team member I encountered made sure I found what I was looking for.  It was immaculate.  I loved the signage indicating foods from different cultures and although I can't fully appreciate the entire deli bakery because I don't eat much of what they serve, it was very clean.
