1	Where to start, "Frank" was called out from my home warranty company to put a disconnect on my A/C blower and a shut off switch on the roof for my evap cooler, this was at the request of the A/C contractor as they "don't" do electrical.  Frank comes out, puts the connector on the roof and puts the switch on the blower.  I did not hover over him and after he left (this was in August) the house started heating up.  I found out I had no A/C and of course the evap was broke.  I called "Frank" and he said, I disconnected it to put in the switch, the guy did not tell me to reconnect the wires.  Ok really!! I said to "Frank" so if you take your truck to the mechanic to get new tires and the mechanic takes off the wheels, changes the tires and walks away how would you feel when he said, "I did what was asked", and you are left with a vehicle with no tires; "Frank" had to problem with that and refused to come back and connect the A/C back up.  Thank god I had enough dumb luck to have scheduled the A/C guy to come back that afternoon prior to this happening but spent all day in a house that was ended up being 94 degrees.  Then I find there is problems with work he did, he actually installed the box on the evap cooler over the area that comes off to work on the unit, so when the A/C guy came out he could hardly get to what he needed to because he could not fully take off the door to the unit.  Of course "Frank" says, "I did what was asked of me".  Today he had his "boss" show up, "Jim", I believe he is the QP of the company (it's a one show pony type of show) and of course, everything "Frank" did was fine.  Odd, two A/C companies took pictures, sent them to the warranty company so they were not held accountable for what "Frank" did.  Oh, well...I expected the guy to defend his worker, this company does not seem to have a clue.  They say they have been in business since 2003 and that may be but....the company was sold according to the Registrars Office and the new owners need to be run out of town.  "Frank" is nice and very polite, he should be in customer service but clearly should not be allowed to touch live wires!  Oh, yes..he also put the switch box to close to the closet door for my blower. How did I find out about this?  I called and said, "Frank, you need to come back out and put a cover plate on the outlet"I then said, "Just leave the cover at the house and I will put it on".  He left the plate and when I went to put it on I could not because it was too close to the door.  I called and told him and he said, "yea I thought it was to close". Obviously he decided to walk away when he tried to put on the cover plate instead of taking 5 minutes to fix it them.  So, let's see, cover plate he knew was not going to fit, he left the job, he drove back to drop off a cover plate (knowing it would not fit) and then had to come back out to move the outlet and put on the cover plate.  If "Frank" is getting paid hourly and has a company truck I'd be horrified!  If he is piece work and has his own truck then I'm sure his boss knows Frank has to go to houses at least three times before his "boss" has to come out to laugh at what he has done and defend it.  This has lasted over 6 weeks, many, many days off of work and aggrevation no one needs.  DONT USE THIS COMPANY!!!! I'd give them a minus 100 if I could.
1	I should have listened Mary H. review. I recently had a bad experience with Sunbelt as well. My home warranty sent them out to my home to look at an electrical problem in my living room. Three outlets had no power. Let me tell you, just scheduling was hard enough. Frank wouldn't give me a weekend appointment because "they don't do emergencies on weekends". He said he would have to have someone call back and find where he can fit me in. I thought it was odd, when someone has to call an electrician it's because something is wrong. I told Frank, it was not a problem. That he could fit me in any weekend he could. So he fit me in about 2 weeks later.         So Frank arrived a Saturday morning. I noticed that he seemed aggravated. I didn't think nothing of it. Since many times people come across one way and are actually not how they seem. He started looking around. He asked who had put a GFCI on. I told him one of our neighbors did.. He then asked who installed our other items (fan and light fixtures). I told him a family member. He then pointed out to me that things were put in wrong and that he couldn't find the problem. He said it was too much of a job. At this point I was uncomfortable. Not at what he told me but how he told me. I mean it is my first home. I want to feel proud of finally buying a home. I wished my husband had not left to work. I felt put down. There is a nicer way of saying things, without making people feel dumb.           Finally, Frank said he could not fix it. He said the home warranty would call me to see if they would cover the repair or not. Frank told me he did fix my wire on my ceiling fan (he went up the attic to move wiring around). Something that we never told him needed fixing. He then charged me a "trade fee".          Well he left my home warranty called me and denied the claim. Which was a bummer, but rules are rules.  Well when I go to turn fan on, guess what happens? My fan does not go on. It was working perfectly fine before Frank had came and moved its wiring. So basically I was charged for someone to come and mess up my fan. So as of now my fan is not turning on. Let's see how my next appointment goes. Since Frank said he would come back to fix my fan. I would love it If I receive a response from Sunbelt on Yelp.     Also I was told that Sunbelt only takes cash or checks. Well false! It says it allover their website and on Yelp that they take credit cards. I had to go to bank and take money out with 3 children. All this has been an inconvenience......
1	Can I give them minus stars?So I had some overhead track lights that were intermittently not turning on. I put in a request for service through my home warranty company because wiring is covered under my plan. I figured it might be a wiring issue (maybe a loose connection). Well, my warranty company sends out Sunbelt Electric. I was really concerned after reading the other two scathing reviews. The electrician who came over (my mother was home while I was working) came and flipped the switch a couple of times. Of course, as luck would have it...the thing was working when he was there. But the guy just called me and said "sorry, works fine!" and was trying his absolute hardest to convince me that it MUST be a fixture issue (not covered under warranty). He didn't even open up the plates to find out if there were wiring issues. His 35 years of experience tells him that it MUST be a fixture issue, well, then he can't possibly be wrong!! Well, I argued with him and he told me that I can make another claim when it happens again and they will come back out and diagnose it, but it takes a day or so to schedule, so by the time they come, who knows if it'll be working??! So, he takes my 60 dollar trade fee for flipping a freakin' switch...and leaves.Not only was he rude and lazy, but he was trying to demean me. I have a degree in electrical engineering, so I'm not naive when it comes to electricity. Would not recommend this company to anyone. If your warranty company tries to send them out, call them and request someone different!
1	I received an email from sunbelt a year later apologizing, ok..they are not good at that either.  they explained the pictures i sent to my home warranty company created a problem with them getting paid, ummmm I did not send them, the other contracting company that requested the work did, yes I know it is hard for them to believe but, a licensed company was so horrified with the work they sent pictures because they did not want to be responsible.  Then, they did not mention how they left me in 110 degree home with no A/C, I guess they still think that is OK.  Then, they complained about the warranty company not wanting to pay them, well..FRANK I paid your company directly with a check to the technician about 75% of the bill, sorry if your work was so questionable you had to convince the warranty company to pay you but again, another contractor sent the pictures and yes, first time I've seen that so your work must have been worse than i thought.  Well, I sold the house and the home inspector was horrified at the work Frank did!  He said, "he left wires all over and they should have been put in a J-Box, this is a fire hazard".  Lord have mercy, so yes I had to hire another contractor who also was horrified and asked if, I had a friend do the work and not a licensed contractor.  I told him your name and your companies name and he said, "don't use them again".  I laughed and said, "trust me, that will never happen" as I don't need houses to burn down or sit in a house with no A/C.  After telling him what happened, anyone who used this company for any electrical will never pass an inspection.  You stated, "my situation is being used for training", well...that would mean you are actually caring about doing the right thing and hiring people who actually know their limits, I hope that happens.  it is more important to do the right thing and turn down a job your technicians are not capable of doing than worry about the dollars.  I think you have lost the basic idea, bad service, bad technicians, bad follow up (a year later) will loose customers and yes, that means loosing the dollars.  Best of luck and please get rid of your book of excuses, bad is just bad!
5	Frank, the electrician assigned to our service call was FANTASTIC.  He does not waste your time, is professional, explains the options, fixed my problem, and is sending me quotes (by email) for other work I would like to have him perform.  I have a Home Warrenty company, Fidelity.  I called them for a GFI problem, and it was very easy to work with Sunbelt to send an electrician to my home the next day and I was given a short window for the morning appt.    I am so impressed, that Sunbelt will be my ONLY call as long as they keep Frank around.  I am a retired facilities manager of a large corporation.  This guy could of come into Steve Jobs office --  completed the work without Steve ever knowing he was there!  Thanks Frank!
5	Sunbelt was sent by my warranty company.  It was for a "remodeled" rental house I purchased that the outside garage lights didn't work.  They were available the next day, but I wasn't so we scheduled the following day.  They called 20 min before they showed up which was early in their 2 hour window of time.  Great since my rental is 30 miles away and I didn't want to be hanging out all day.   They spent about an hour working the problem as the wiring to the switch was correct, but the ground had power coming to it.  They looked at the switch panel in the garage, living room, and a junction box up in the attic.  It turned out the "remodelers" had wired the plug in the ceiling of the garage for the garage door opener incorrectly, tying a power line to the garage light ground line.  He quickly corrected that and everything works fine.  I came here to put in a review and laughed at some of the other reviews here.  I'm a handy person and was able to determine with a meter that the problem was the wiring somewhere in the house and not the switch.  There are people here claiming to be electrical engineers and couldn't replace their own switch?  I had to replace a garbage disposal and it was $65 for the service call and only $55 for the garbage disposal so I did it myself as it was cheaper than calling the warranty company.   I would question Sara H who claims she's an EE and can't work the problem or replace their own switch before she chooses to spend money on a service call, then complain about technician when the problem wasn't happening when they showed up.    I always take people's comments with a grain of salt because there are people out there who have ulterior motives.  But make your own judgement.  I was satisfied with the scheduling, arrival call, and work.  - Mr. B.
