3	Can get real backed up especially on Sunday nights. Small seating but that is typical of Starbucks everywhere I guess
2	It's Starbucks, what all can you really say? Commercial coffee made for people in a breakneck paced world who do not have time or care to look for better coffee. Its all about convenience. However, the cookie dough frap is really good.
3	Starbucks is Starbucks. However, this location tends to get very congested and often seems to be under-staffed. Very small and seating is limited. I recommend popping into the Starbucks at Target or Harris Teeter across the street for faster service and the same quality.
3	It's a Starbucks inside a Harris Teeter, but it is usually less crowd than the one across the street. Yep, surprise surprise, there are actually 2 more within a mile of this one. I was in and out in about 7 minutes! The Eggnog Latte was really good. The staff is friendly and the service is fast!
1	This Starbucks is the worst I've ever been to. I've tried to like it numerous times and have finally given up. Weak coffee and the staff is extremely slow with bad customer service. Go across the street to the one at Harris Teeter.
3	Another location that is inside the Harris Teeter. I was out this way to pick something up for my Mom and since it was not ready yet - I ended up having to wait. I checked YELP for a nearby Starbucks and found this one. Since I had 30 minutes to kill, I got a coffee and pulled out the macbook and started working. They have patio seating and a long window bar both that work okay for working but the main area of tables are not comfortable and the over all atmosphere is more like the market than the Starbucks.I would not recommend it for a quiet work zone - it's very noisy and not enclosed enough from the Teeter - you keep hearing the balloon machine going as it is also right next to the florist area.The patio area was the best for working, but even so, the traffic right next to it was a distraction.For getting a coffee when you are shopping - it is perfect though and the barista I got was very pleasant and made my drink perfect.
