4	I have never felt so comfortable at a dentists office before. My first exam was back in November and Dr. Sadowski took a lot of time to talk with me about my concerns and tell me about his background. It was a good experience and I felt like he really understood my concerns since it had been a while since my last cleaning.I got my teeth cleaned yesterday and the dental hygienist was great. They have the ultrasonic scraper thingy so it didn't hurt and I even got my teeth whitened for free (look for the coupon in the money mailer if you live within a few miles of the dental practice). They use digital x-Ray machines which is so much better than the old-school kind and everything they do is on computers. They have a lot of modern equipment and I felt really well taken care of by the staff. The office is very small, but cozy and the staff is super nice. I'll keep going back to them for future cleanings and have referred a few people there.
5	I had a filling put in today and Dr. Sadowski was amazing! He gave me the option to go without novacaine since it was just on the tooth enamel and I swear to you it didn't even hurt. It was quick, painless, and they used really modern equipment. If you need a dentist I totally recommend him!
5	Dr. Sadowski and his staff are great. They are very inclusive and respectful of all families, stay up to date with current technology and best practices. For those without dental insurance they will still treat you and work out payment plans.
1	Won't be returning to Biltmore Commons DentalDr. Sadowski is a very nice person; however, can you trust a dentist who always recommends the most expensive procedure to remedy a dental problem?  Case in point:  I went to a periodontist for a consultation for implants.  While in his office, I asked if a crown would be needed for a tooth that had chipped a couple of weeks earlier.    He said he didn't like crowns and in my situation all I needed was a gold overlay.  A few days later I was seen by Dr. Sadowski while getting my teeth cleaned.  Per Dr. Sadowski, "The good news is we can fix the tooth:  it needs a crown".  I asked him what other options were available because I had already been told a crown wasn't necessary.  He gave me two other choices, but said that until he started working on the tooth, he couldn't' be sure that a crown would be a necessity.  He had the receptionist price out all three options.  Needless to say, the crown was significantly more expensive than the others.  After I said I was only interested in the gold overlay, the receptionist left to speak to Dr. Sadowski privately.  When she returned she said that she had mistakenly indicated the cost of the overlay by assuming that my dental insurance would cover 80% of the fee.  She said it would actually only pay 50%.  Also, she said that regardless of which option I selected, eventually my tooth would need a crown.  Is it ethical or legal for a receptionist, who has no training or credentials, to advise patients regarding dental procedures?  I said I needed to think about it and left (never to return).  Separate issue regarding the cleaning.  I get my teeth cleaned very 4 - 5 months.  The last visit to Biltmore Commons Dental for a cleaning, I was told that my teeth were in very bad shape and that I needed a more thorough cleaning (which would cost several hundred dollars).  I said that I had just had my teeth cleaned 4 months ago in their office.  The hygienist said that it had been done by someone who was hired temporarily to do clearings and she hadn't done a good job.  Why would I ever go back?
5	My dentist, Dr. Grubler, retired but not before teaming with Biltmore Commons Dental Care. The staff is friendly and helpful. Dr. Balestrino is very personable, thorough and has a great sense of humor. He listens and discusses the patients plan of care. The hygienist did a fantastic job on my cleaning. The office technology is up to date, all digital. At this point I am totally impressed!
4	I don't have health insurance so I had to pay for my dental services. I thought the prices was okay after comparing it with other dental centers in the area. And plus they had an internet coupon for $100 off. So that's why I went with them instead of another dental center. Plus there were a number of good reviews on google for Biltmore Commons Dental Care. That gave me more confidence to use their services.  I called at 8am and I was able to get an appointment at 9am. Maybe I was lucky or maybe there's vacant spots because of the bad economy and no one is going the dentist. Who knows. Dr. Balestrino did my fillings. He took his time to explain to me what needed to be done and addressed the questions I had. I am overall pleased with this dentist visit. I would go back for my follow up in six months to get my teeth cleaned.
5	I had a wisdom tooth wall crack off at 10 pm and by 7:30 the next morning I was in Dr. Saperstein's office for treatment.  I sent them an email at 10 pm and got a call the next morning at 7:15 am..  The treatment provided by Dr. Saprstein was extremely skillful and careful, and his staff is very attentive.  Usually there is some pain when the novacaine wears off but I didn't even need to take a Tylenol.  This is the best dental work I have ever experienced, from the novacaine injection to casting the crown.
5	"I had such a pleasant visit to the dentist" are RARELY words you will hear, but let me tell you, I certainly did!  First off, Ligia was so friendly at the front desk and bent over BACKWARDS to make sure my insurance was all in line.  Well, it wasn't.  So instead she hooked me up with an awesome coupon and made sure my cleaning was as cheap as possible.  What a doll.  As for Megan, well, let's just say I was THISCLOSE to asking for her number--I genuinely think we would be great friends.  However, I am certain she is that friendly and personable with all her costumers.  Last but not least, the Doc.  He was GREAT!  He cracked jokes, taught me a little somethin' somethin' about tooth decay, AND knew my uncle from when he played for the Suns in the '70's.  Good memory, Dr.!  I was blown away by my visit.  This crew is the best and I proudly sport their magnet on my fridge.
5	To summarize: I love Biltmore Commons Dental Care and, as a Phoenix native, have not found a better dentist or dental team than Dr. Sadowski and co.I've been going to Dr. Sadowski for a year now, since moving back after college, and have had nothing but excellent service in all aspects.The front office team is great-- they make sure to mail out reminders a month before your scheduled appointment, they call you the day before your appointment, and they are friendly and helpful when checking in/paying your co-pay.By the way-- I've visited Dr. Sadowski when I didn't have dental insurance and was treated courteously by the staff. Never once was I "up-sold", I was put on an easy and simple payment plan, and I was treated fairly, just like every other customer (with insurance or not). One of the front office ladies is a little brisk; however, she's from the east coast-- give her a break, people! She talks a little fast and she's efficient-- if you're messing around or don't have your stuff together, sure, maybe it looks like she's being "rude". It's clear that she's just very efficient and most west coasters aren't used to that. Be patient, y'all. Their office is busy!As for hours-- don't know what other Yelpers were talking about-- their office closes at 4 P.M. most days. I don't know if they're open Fridays, but they DO NOT CLOSE UNTIL 4 P.M. Honestly, it's never been a problem for me-- I leave work a few minutes before my 3 p.m. appointment, never have had to wait, and I'm out the door before 4 p.m. (score!)I have to be upfront: I don't have any teeth problems, so I don't actually know how Dr. Sadowski is with root canals, fillings, etc. All I know is that my teeth feel great, no one up-sells me anything, and I get a very thorough cleaning and look-over by the dentist. Dr. Sadowski always talks over any issues I've had and makes sure to look over areas that I think are "bad."PS. Megan the dental hygienist is AMAZING-- I seconded Yelper Caitlin F.-- she is wonderful and I want to be her friend too!!! Try to have Megan clean your teeth- you'll love her!
5	I had a bad tooth ache for about a week, and finally realized that i needed to have it checked out.. My boss recommended biltmore commons, so i called them at 2pm on a Tuesday, and got an appointment for 7am Wednesday. I already liked this place! Because they knew my boss very well, they already knew my insurance plan! I came in, filled out one piece of paper and saw Dr. Sadowski, all in about 15 minutes. His D.A. took a xray and got the doc. He explained in great detail that i would need a root canal, the billing lady explained that because i was referred, i would get $50 off and that my insurance would cover the rest, so nothing out of pocket! Dr. Sadowski made sure that i felt no pain, made sure we were always communicating (even with his hand in my mouth!), was super friendly and personable, had me laughing while he was drilling my tooth!! In the end, the pain was gone and i wasn't broke! I would recommend Dr. Sadowski to ANYONE who needs a dentist. I have honestly never been more comfortable in front of ANY doctor, regardless of their specialty! He even called me and asked how everything was feeling. He's an awesome dentist!
5	I had just been in the Phoenix area for a month or two before I chipped a tooth one night.  We called the office at 7am and they were able to work us in that morning.  The doctor was kind and caring.  He had to basically fill in an entire part of my front tooth.  After his first attempt, he thought it looked a little off so he took the extra time to shape it.  It looks exactly the way it should and I appreciated the fact that he took his time, even though he had worked me in the schedule.  I have no dental insurance but the prices weren't bad considering the work he had to do.  With the "first timer" discount, it was about $350.  I'll definitely use them again.
5	Six years ago, when my husband and I moved to Phoenix we visited Biltmore Commons Dental Care because they were PPO with our dental plan.From our first experience until the very last appointment February 2013, we only had great experience. Our appointments have never been cancelled and they were always ready for us at 7 am.First class service, from the receptionist and hygienists to Dr. Balestino. Dr. B always made my appointments very easy.. he has great sense of humor and always shares  personal stories about his home town Michigan. Great people.
5	This place is awesome.  From the young ladies in the front to the Dentists and there assistance in the back.  If you get your teeth cleaned here ask for Megs she is the BOMB
5	I came to this practice early this year after my previous dentist retired. What a great experience! The dentists and the office staff are true professionals and highly competent. The tone they set is friendly and (dare I say this about a dental office?) FUN. The practice is up to date with technology as well. I've had a routine cleaning done as well as a crown replacement and a filling. I'm very pleased with everything about this practice, and I highly recommend it.
5	My family went to Dr. Sadowski when I lived in Phoenix. I started out with him when he had the tiny office and was with him as he expanded into the next several suites. Dr. Sadowski always remembered my daughter and me when we came into the office and was personable.  I always felt comfortable in the office. The front desk staff was fabulous and the hygienists always friendly. I truly hate the dentist but to say I never minded going to Dr. Sadowski's office is a huge compliment to him.  Since I have moved to Chicago, I have looked high and low for a dentist up to Dr. Sadowski's caliber and I have yet to find one.  Alas, I will continue the search as I am bound and determined to get the same peacefulness back that I had in Phoenix when it came to my dentist.  Maybe Dr. Sadowski would like to open a practice here???I can't recommend Biltmore Commons enough. If you are looking for a new dentist, you can stop and make an appointment now.
5	I first went to Biltmore Commons Dental Care because it was close by. It turns out I struck gold, the staff is super friendly and they make you feel welcomed the moment you set foot in the door. They go into detail and answer any questions you may have. They also send out appointment reminders to your email and text (for me that is great since I am a bit forgetful.) They go out of their way to make me feel comfortable. They give a feeling of being a family and they adopt you right in. I hate going to the dentist but with staff like them I look forward to my next appointment.
5	Dentistry with a little bit of fun?  Yep!  Head to the BCDC if you want your teeth cleaned with a lot of care, a lil sass and a boatload of character. Friendly, helpful staff. Reasonable doctors who don't try to talk you into every extra piece of business possible and also give you straight-talk about alternatives. I'd recommend them to my friends and family... and I do!
