4	This is a really cool shop. They sell eclectic jewelry, clothing, handbags, and home decor. Most of the items are imported. I love the jewelry. They have sterling silver, wooden, bone, beaded, and fun costume jewelry. Every time I stop in here, I get a pair of wooden earrings because I have never seen these before anywhere! Also, last time I went, all the clothing was 50% off! Definitely worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood!
4	Don't be intimidated...the Culture Shop is one of the coolest places in Pittsburgh.  Fantastic hipster jewlery, awesome headbands and bags, a lot of clothing.  A chill vibe and a nice break from the chains that are down the road at the South Side.  Prices are pretty reasonable also.  Check it out!
4	Im not going to repeat what the other reviewers have said so just go and experience it for yourself.  Its a fabulous little shop and the employees are cheerful and grounded, not cranky or snobby. However you define yourself, you'll find something special.
5	Love This Place! Comfortable Shopping Very Very Nice Things To Choose From & The Lady Working There Was Very Helpful & Pleasant. The Best Tie Dye Clothes & Accesories I Have Ever Seen. Happy Shopping :}
4	The Culture Shop is a pocket-sized store chock full of interesting goodies. You'll find clothes, hats, gloves, jewelry, rugs, home decor, accessories, etc.--all wonderful for gifts for your world-traveling friends. The clothes styles may dance dangerously close to the noveau-hippie trends of the mid-nineties, but that just may be me having flashbacks to the Craig Street of that time. At Christmas the shop carries really pretty ornaments that stick to the super colorful palette of the shop's stock. Even though the store is on the small side, there are so many different items and the layout of the store is smartly designed to display the wares without it feeling overwhelming or cluttered. The shop keepers are very friendly and ready to help if you have any questions, making for a great experience overall.
2	So mad that the culture shop didn't have my incenses that I wanted.  Also I purchased several dresses from here that have gotten holey and faded since I've owned them for over a year. I wish this store would take itself more seriously and not sell clothing that is so cheaply made.I also don't like being followed around a store like I am stealing!!!  I am not going to shop lift any of your cheaply made garments, so chill.
5	Loved it here! The employees were very friendly and helpful..everything I purchased was fair trade and I love that. The owner travels to India, Thailand and Nepal once a year and brings back some really neat stuff. Check it out :)
5	I'm from Michigan and while I was in Pittsburgh visiting some family, I knew I had to stop by The Culture Shop. It was everything I imagined and more. A fantastic selection of Indian and Bohemian  themed accessories, clothes, purses, jewelry, and journals. I bought a purse, six headbands, and four rings and couldn't be more in love with them. Friendly staff, good prices, and great pieces-I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.
3	I have only been here once for Christmas shopping.  It had some cool bobbles and mlovins ( what I call those mitten glove things).  The staff was nice and helpful/Great place to get gifts for girls.
4	I love it here! Great goodies like incense silver natural stone jewlery, and cute clothing.I bought a hand made head wrap for the cooler weather which is lined with fleece and I love. Also great selection of silver jewlery which I have not been able to find elsewhere in pittsburgh. I bought two labordorite rings here I adore.The clothing runs small i have not bought any so i cannot comment on any of that. A little more variety in their selections would be nice but overall its a fun little shop.
4	This place is kind of an amazing place.  It's like a magical portal to view yourself through a different look.  Granted, the clothes are for women, but I'm fairly sure if you are a guy like myself, you can find something for you as well.Aside from the clothing they have rugs, blankets, jewelry, journals, scarfs, and the list could go on and on here.  Heck, I even saw some hacky sacks...that takes me back to my teen years.  The staff are easy to approach and very knowledgeable about the products they have for purchase here.  I was intrigued by the wood earrings they had for gaged ears.  Time definitely could be lost while browsing through this store.  Before we knew it the sun was starting to set outside.
3	This place is alright - it seems that they are selling towards a specific demographic of hippie college kids. However, I think that some of their stuff is pretty cool and you can get a great deal on jewelry here. They have a 10 dollar minimum for credit so either bring cash or be prepared to buy a lot of little knick knacks.
4	I love this store! Every time I'm in town, I stop in and pick up earrings, trinkets... I really wish they had an online store! They'd make a killing!!
4	Sometimes on the pricey side, but you can really score some unique items here. This is by far my favorite place to but incense and jewelry. Some of the clothes are a bit out there but it's mostly all one size fits all. I was able to catch them on a sale day that brought a dress down from $31 to $16. The staff are always friendly and willing to help out. Great for small gifts!
4	This is a great store for people who enjoy living a hippie or gypsy life.  Lots of incense, eclectic jewelry, leather journals, and tie dye.  The prices range from reasonable to "you've got to be joking" and everything in between.  When you first enter you're greeted by a small room full of jewelry, the employees, and a heavenly aroma.  The next two rooms hold clothing, knick knacks, and accessories.  The racks hold mostly the same clothing design in different colors.   I go mainly for the jewelry.Two problems:  the employees will follow you around like you're going to steal something and I'm crossed on this.  On one hand I understand they lose a lot of inventory due to shoplifting but on another hand it doesn't make one feel welcome.  Second problem is the store hours.  They open later than the other stores on the street which means if you like to go there right after rush hour traffic died down you still have to wait another hour for them to open.I do love this store and hope they stay in business a long time.  Try it you might like it.
4	Great place to find a unique piece of jewelry, hair band, purse or skirt. Perfect shop if you need to find a gift for a person who has everything. Even a great shop to just walk around and view items from all over the world. Reasonable is price. Workers are friendly.  Since there are numerous things to view and items to purchase under $10 this shop is also a great place to meet up with friends. So instead of waiting for your friends by standing on the sidewalk viewing facebook on your phone..... have your friends meet here and spend time taking in a new culture.
5	This place is so cool! Definitely my favorite shop in south side! The first time I went here, I went a little hog wild. I bought a pair of $8 earrings, a henna kit, a tapestry and some fun stickers! The second time I went here I got some more stickers and my parents bought me a necklace for Christmas! My dad loved this place too! He loves little glass figurines and the Culture Shop had an awesome array! Check this place out!
3	Can't believe I never wrote a review for this store. It's been YEARS since I've visited the tapestry-covered walls, but this place was always neat. It's stuffed full with bohemian clothes and accessories, but you can find things that will work for the more-mainstream realm, too. I bought a black dress here in 2009-2010, that I'm actually wearing today (it's what made me realize I should write a review). I admit I'm more mainstream than boho, so I never found something here at every visit, but every once in awhile I'd see something I liked. Kind of expensive, though.
5	Today was my first time at this place and I have to say it's on my list of favorites now. My friend and I were walking around and she asked if we could stop in and browse. She has great taste so I followed along. HOLY CRAP what have I been missing?! This place rocks! There's so many things to look at and try and feel and buy. It's split up kind of in three sections. In the front in an area with some jewelry, the middle and back rooms have clothing and head bands as well as other accessories to check out. I saw sage and incense and other cool stuff. The place smelled so good and I loved the holiday-themed music that was playing. I found myself singing along to it. I thought the jewelry was pretty unique and something I would go for. I bought a pair of earrings and a nose ring. My friend also bought some jewelry. I will be back again to spend all my money.
