5	Jason and his team are fantastic to work with.  I had a desire to dabble in the real estate market by purchasing a small property at a good value, fixing it up, and finding a quality tenant to lease the property at a fair profit.  Jason basically provided me with full service--finding me an excellent property at a good value, giving me recommendations for contractors and vendors that ended up providing great work at a good price, and even found a tenant for me.  My experience couldn't have been better, and as soon as I feel I can float it, I'm going to ask him to find me another property.  The thing I like most is the team advises you as though they were themselves investing the money--sound, reasonable, conservative advice.
5	Jason is my go-to realtor!  I wanted to get into rental properties a few years ago.  My challenge:  I needed help not only with identifying the property and the purchase, but also elements of rehab, tenant placement, and property management.  Enter Jason McNeal from Zoomie Brokers.  His ability to identify great deals and make them happen - start to finish - is AMAZING.  After my experience with the first property, I quickly went back for another.  3 rental properties later, I've yet to be disappointed!If you have an opportunity to work with Jason, you'll quickly learn he's incredibly responsive, knowledgeable, and seems to truly enjoy real estate, which makes working with him that much easier.  I personally think trust and character is incredibly important when working with someone; my 'trust factor' with Jason is THROUGH THE ROOF!  A former military officer, Jason is a family man who prides himself on integrity and approaches all investments as if his own money was on the line.  He spec's deals with conservative assumptions and he's been able to out-perform my expectations, both in property ROI and tenant placement/stability, for all 3 properties.  At this point, I'd refuse to work with anyone else.
5	I'm an investor in both residential and  commercial real estate.  I've worked with Jason's team on a number of occasions and he's a top notch real estate professional.  Jason identified several great deals for us and his knowledge of the local markets has been a huge asset on the leasing side of our business.  I highly recommend Jason's services.
