5	I often wonder why people who visit the Coffee Bean are there?  I mean there is a Starbucks on every corner. Why not just go there?  Then I realized they must be there for a very specific reason.  I received a gift card to Coffee Bean so I started going because of I got a few cups of free coffee.  Let me tell you why I will be going back and going out of my way to visit this location.  For some reason the coffee just tastes better there.  They only serve low-fat milk in all of their drinks so I don't need to specify each time.  Their service is outstanding.  I mean really, really outstanding.  I think their food menu is well conceived and although I have just begun to try different kinds of tea this is the place I want to experiment.  I know that when I am ready the staff at Coffee Bean will guide me in the right direction.
3	I am not a fan of Coffee Bean coffee but, I do like the Japanese Cherry flavored iced tea.
4	This is my new favorite Coffee Bean.  I have been meeting a girlfriend a few times here to catch up.  The place is very nice and has a lot of comfortable seating.  The employees are friendly and I can get my favorite tea anytime.  They also have a drive thru, I didn't know Coffee Bean had one.
4	They have an excellent coffee and tea selection and are extremely helpful when you're not sure what you want. They'll notice you staring at the menu and ask you what you like and don't like, and they will try to recommend something for you. Plenty of seating, Staff was friendly and knowledgeable..Will be back
4	Kind of an odd location -- easy access coming north on Tatum but it is on the corner of what looks to be an old office building. I almost missed it entirely.  I haven't been inside but the drive-thru is great. I didn't know The Coffee Bean had drive-thrus so this is a VICTORY.
5	"Coffee Bean or Starbucks?" I asked. Both are so close, but it was a quick response and Coffee Bean won! I quickly jerked over to the right lane to order my caramel ice blended coffee (pure deliciousness).Now don't get me wrong... As a gold member with Starbucks for many years, I do love my frappucinos, but there is just something about their ice blended coffees here. Pure crack. It's a nice change from time to time and this particular location had fantastic service! The girl at the drive-thru was extremely patient and even shared a few laughs with me.
4	Great location, easy in and out of the parking lot.  You either enter from Tatum Blvd. on the Southbound lane or enter from Shea Blvd. on the Westbound lane.  Great area right by PV Mall.  Coffee is great, might even be better than Starbucks.  Never tried the pastries there before so don't really know how they taste.  Will definitely go back again.
1	Terrible customer service and my drink tastes like crap infused drinkable chalk. Terrible customer service and my drink tastes like crap infused drinkable chalk. Terrible customer service and my drink tastes like crap infused drinkable chalk. Terrible customer service and my drink tastes like crap infused drinkable chalk.
4	Great location! Small but convenient and usually really quick. The coffee is better than Starbucks but the frozen drinks are not the best. Definitely won't go there if I'm looking for something iced.
1	Horrible. Service inside was so slow and preference was clearly given to the drive thru. caramel macchiato was so bad i had to pretty much spit out the first sip. Got my refund but i highly doubt ill be back.
4	I found this place driving south on Tatum, coming home after visiting my mom's.  Craving  an ice coffee I thought id pull in and check it out. While ordering my coffee I couldn't help but notice their pastries. They were right in front of me in a display case.there was some mix up with  the scone I ordered so I settled  on the coffee cake..it was all good and the service was spot on. I would pay them a return visit.nick
4	Ran in here today because I needed a restroom.The barista on duty was friendly and efficient. The coffee was tasty and not overly pricey..The restroom was clean and fully stocked.I'd return definitely..
5	I luv luv luv The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf! There's definitely a reason that B.Spears and I prefer over the other chain cafe ole's! The staff in Phoenix is super helpful and makes recommendations without hesitation. Samples are always a must and there's not ever a rush to move you through the line if you are undecided. #1javaspot South Coast
