5	First time here and I'm super excited that a juice place has finally opened up in my area!  I walked in and the place is a cute small little spot, but very clean and I like the look plus they have a couple of outside tables. I was greeted right when I walked in and the girl at the register was very friendly and helpful... Customer service goes a long way with me  So I decided to go with a smoothie, but they also have juices and acai bowls which look delicious. I ordered the date nut which reminds me of yummie banana nut bread, which I love! Just a heads up for anyone looking to grab the cleanses or bottled juices, they said they wouldn't be getting those for another week or two.I'll definitely be going back...
4	Nektar just opened very close to my work and we were all very excited. They have fresh pressed juices, blended smoothies and acai bowls. They are also going to be getting in a line of detoxifying cleanses in a couple of weeks. So far I have tried the buzz which is a mix of carrot, orange, lemon and ginger and it is delicious. It is around $7 for a 24oz juice or smoothie so, they are definitely not cheap but very healthy. The acai bowls are also delicious. They are pretty much a blended type of sorbet made of acai berries and cashew milk, topped with fresh fruit and granola, they have 4 flavors of these.Overall my experience here has been great so far. I have met the owner/manager and he is very nice. The service has been great so far. It does take about 10 minutes to make a fresh juice so just be prepared for that time. I will be back!
1	Horribly disappointing! I love healthy juice/smoothie places and this one is on my way to work. I got an offer on Facebook for a half off deal and went this evening to try it out. There is no hours of operation sign posted but the door was open so I went in. It was 6:05pm on a Monday. There was no one behind the counter and I had to call out to the person in the back room. She said sorry we're closed but then another guy came over and said they could serve me. Well then I was turned away because they already cashed out the till for the evening. I left with no juice or smoothie only a sore taste in my mouth. Poor customer service for a new business in town. I'll keep going to Tropical Smoothi one mile down the road.
5	So far so good.  Since their opening, I have already been here 3 times.  It is nice to have a juice bar so close to home.  I have tried every category of the menu: juice, smoothie, acai bowl.  Favorites so far are the sublime juice and the acai banana berry bowl.  Beware, the bowl is big.  The juices taste fresh and the sitting space is kept clean.  Service is friendly.  Prices are in line with the last juice bar I visited - Whole Foods.  I can't wait to try other juices and bowls.
4	It was my first time to have a "green juice". I was advised to ask for double apple to make it sweeter. It was surprisingly tasty- I just wish it was colder.
5	First time in and boy were they crowded. The staff was hustling like nobody's business and getting fresh stuff out quickly. I ordered a chocolate dream smoothie and the carob avocado mixture was just like drinking a chocolate shake. The berry smoothie was also very very good and as I watched the acai bowls go by, I was drooling. They are friendly, quick, and supremely healthy. Can't wait to go back and get another one!!
4	So happy to have this juice, smooth & acia bar in the neighborhood. I highly recommend the Popeye & pink flamingo smoothies, the sublime juice and the PB acia bowl. *one hint of advice: they tend to overuse granola in the PB acia bowl*.
5	Stumbled upon this place coming out of Z'Tejas across the parking lot and was pleasantly surprised to find that a juice bar had opened up so close to my house! Now my days of driving to central Phoenix or Scottsdale just to get some fresh, cold pressed juice or smoothies are gone!** One quick tip before my review - they make their products fresh from scratch, so your order will not be out to you in 60 seconds, especially if there were a few people ahead of you in line. As long as you are okay waiting for a few minutes, then it will be worth it.Due to a nut allergy, there are only three different smoothies I can consume "as-is", but I don't think that will be an issue because the Pink Flamingo (main ingredient is pitaya, so the smoothie has a really cool, bright fuschia color to it) is definitely a rock star in my book. I have not tried any of the juices off the menu yet, but I have purchased a few different ones they have bottled in a cooler next to the counter and have enjoyed them. I even bought the 1-day cleanse (normally $65 but they are doing a limited time special of $52) and did that on Sunday with positive results!I give the products 4 stars and the extra star goes to the employees, they are awesome. I had a bunch of (probably annoying) questions about my nut allergy and how that would hamper by ability to do their cleanse that has a drink that contains almonds, and they did what they could to try and work around that - and even though I ended up having to just deal with the way the cleanse comes, it is still appreciated that they tried to be resourceful and find a way to accomodate instead of just writing me off. Big kudos to the Nekter team!
5	Delicious! I love their grab and go options especially. Acai bowls, smoothies and juices are all great. The PB bowl is my favorite. Staff is very friendly too. I always stop by when I am in the area!
4	Awesome juices and smoothies! Try the chocolate dream if you are craving something rich in flavor. :D Employees don't seem too knowledgeable of the cleanses but my boyfriend and I tried it anyway. Six juices in a day - wasn't all that bad. We definitely felt better the following days and are now considering doing a 2-3 day cleanse.
3	I've been in here twice now. The first time I was one of only a few customers so the wait time was minimal. I ordered two different juices--The Buzz and the Toxin Flush-- because I really like fresh juice and I'd been excited to try this place. First of all, I don't get why everyone is raving about the customer service. Both times I've been in it's been standard high school kids clearly working a part-time job. I say "clearly" because it's obvious they're just going through the motions; I overheard a woman ask a question about the pricing in the to-go case and the girl behind the counter sort of shrugged. And on my first visit the guy who rang me up asked, "Do you want ice?" I told him no. "Are you sure?" He asked. "It's going to come out warm." Now maybe they get a lot of complaints from people who aren't familiar with how juicing works so they feel obligated to ask that question, but the way he said it and his expression... It was such a turn off. Like he was warning me what I just ordered was going to be gross. Both of those juices were fine. They tasted pretty similar to one another. I'd give each one a B. The second time I went in, the place was packed. I ordered an acai berry bowl and a Greenie juice, both to go. So the acai bowl came out about ten minutes later (all the reviews mentioning long wait times are correct) but the juice took another ten minutes. Meanwhile this frozen acai bowl is just sitting there in front of me, melting under its to-go lid. When I finally got the juice and got everything back to my car, I had a chance to taste the Greenie... And it was gross. Barely palatable. Bitter and sharp, not at all what I was expecting-- and I drink a lot of greens. The acai bowl was fine, the fruit was fresh and it all tasted good. I don't know that I need another one. Ultimately I think I'll stick with The Chopshop or Whole Foods for juice. More customer service attention, faster (by far) and tastier. If you're looking for a good green juice, I recommend Chopshop's Kale Cleanse or the Chandler Garden at Whole Foods.
4	Good bowls and smoothies. My only complaint is that I don't like "feel good healthy" places that don't share nutritional facts or calories. The majority of people eat this to eat healthy and they don't have any information here or on their website.
5	This is right next door to my work. Great healthy alternative for a snack or a drink. My favorite is the buzz and the toxin flush.... Both I add extra ginger. The acai bowls and the pitaya bowl are also delicious, and very filling. Be forewarned, they are very busy, and since all these items are made to order.... You may have to wait a while. However, I've never had to wait more than 15mins even when its packed.
4	I am completely OBSESSED with Nekter. My boyfriend discovered it a few months ago and since then, we have both been hooked!! Everything is so refreshing and delicious. The only thing I dislike that that its a little pricy, (not that it holds us back) and I also wish that they would display the nutritional information, mainly the calorie count. Other than that I love this place! Everyone is super nice and helpful!
4	Nice place to get a yummy and healthy smoothie. They changed their hours and are now open at 7am, which is nice. I like getting a drink before work. The employees are super friendly and make quality food and drinks. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is my experience with the wheat grass shot. It was fine going down until I got home. And then it all came back up. This didn't just happen to me but my two friends as well. It took me awhile to go back after that experience. Stick with the juices & smoothies and you should be just fine.
4	We decided to stop by Nekter for lunch. The gentleman at the cash register was really friendly & answered all of our questions regarding the menu. We ended up getting the Date Nut Smoothie & the PB bowl. Even though it was really busy, with a lot of people waiting for their order, it only took a few minutes to get both of our orders.The Date Nut Smoothie was really good ... It tasted kind of like a banana nut cake in smoothie form - a little bit sweet, but not overdone. I had ordered the 24 oz which was a pretty big size. The PB Bowl was also really big but really good - contained the fruit smoothie-like mixture on bottom, topped with granola & fresh fruit.Even though the prices of the menu items are high, it's nice that they use fresh ingredients. The place was clean & we were pleased with our experience, so we'd go back.
5	My first time here and I would definitely come back. I got the toxin flush juice and it was tasty. Quick and easy. Sometimes it's hard to find healthy when I'm on the go, but this was perfect. I just wish it was closet to my house!
4	The toxic flush was good, the sublime was not so good. Pricey but healthy. Staff isn't very knowledgeable.
5	I LOVE this place! Super healthy and reasonably priced. I used to go to the ones in Cali and im so happy they opened stores in phx! They have A friendly and helpful staff. Always quick. The greenie (green juice) add cayenne pepper is my absolute favorite! Also the bowls are awesome and really feeling! Favorite bowl is the PB Bowl! They have grab and go drinks & snacks as well! This place is a must try!
5	A GREAT option for healthy food on the go. I especially like the acai bowls that are filled with fruit and granola. Decent sized portions for the pricing, friendly staff, and a very clean environment. I would recommend Nekter to anyone wanting a taste of healthy living!
4	I've been here a few times to try different smoothies & they were all amazing.. Except one I was not a fan of but can't for the life of me remember which one! The service was good and my drink came out fast, which is a plus! Everything is so fresh ! I really want to try their acai bowls next! They look amazing! The drinks are pretty pricy tho... So it's a nice treat when I'm feeling too lazy to make my own!    The orange crush & pink flamingo are my favs!!
2	This place is tasty but super expensive. A small 16oz smoothie is $4.95 plus tax and a regular 24oz smoothie is $6.95 plus tax. The employees weren't very helpful either.  I asked for recommendations since it was my first time and they seemed annoyed and uninterested with me. There were two men working and after one took my money he went into the back to make my smoothie but he didn't wash his hands. I would go back if the prices were lower and the employees were nicer.
3	Warning!! I am about to sound a bit crunchy and pretentious. I juice. I have a juicer and I juice veggies. I sometimes get lazy and don't want to spend the time that it takes to do it so I was really happy to see this place open. I have been in a few times but I probably won't go back. It takes a long time to get your juice sometimes. It wasn't even busy the last time and it took forever. I also realized that the veggies were not organic. I get grossed out with the pesticide thing* (*crunchy and pretentious)  I will go out of my way to Pomegranate instead.
5	Plain and simple...this place is amazing. My coworkers and I stumbled  upon this little gem one day after having lunch at the place next door. We now go there at least two times a week just for the PB Bowl. It's the most amazing vegan dessert/smoothie/whatever. We have all admitted thinking about it over the weekend, and head there first thing Monday for lunch. It's a great place. Don't skip it.
2	This place has to be the worst as far as customer service and timing. The 1st time I came here I bought 1 smoothie and a juice totalled to be $13.21. Instead I was charge $1300.21. If I didn't check my bank statement I would have never known. When I went to have it corrected no one knew what to do so it took 2 days for staff to figure out how to fix the situation. I got a $50 gc for waiting 2 hrs while they tried to fix it. I again came back to purchase using my gc and every time I go it it takes over 30 mins to get a smoothie. It's never completely packed. Last week I ordered a Pitaya bowl and the person making it clearly didn't look at the ticket and made an acai tropical bowl. So I asked if they had different products and she said oh I'm sorry I thought it was something else. Took 30 mins. Then a couple ordered and another staff member came from the back sucking on her fingers from eating something in the back, didnt wash her hands just put gloves on and made 2 bowls. Being in the health profession I was highly disgusted. Today I'm on my lunch break and I place my order and the cashier asked if it was ok if it would take 25-30 mins on my smoothie and Pitaya bowl I said no not really why are ticket orders so long and her response was "Idk that's a good question." Mmmm ok if you know this is a constant issue why is it not being addressed. I wasted my whole hour lunch break waiting on a smoothie and a bowl for 45 mins. I just don't understand.  Nothing is being cooked. Are you under staffed, don't have enough blended or just don't care? There was 2 ppl before.  I just feel like the errors made are preventable and ticket times are so long because of not paying attention.. I'd hate to see the food cost at this location.
1	Absolutely horrible. Smoothies all taste like dirt and are extremely overpriced. Go to Jamba Juice or make your own smoothie if you're obsessed with healthy juices and smoothies.
5	I am so glad this place opened! I saw it on the way to my nail shop and decided to stop in. They have a pretty nice sized menu of juice and smoothies. They also have a small selection of bottled juice and nutritious snacks. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area!
4	I'm a big fan of juiciers after this place.  Plus I love the decor and interesting way of hanging baskets of fruit and veggies.  Very modern concept, great prices compared to jamba juice or whole foods.
4	I give this place 4 stars because it is definitely on the pricey side! My smoothie was over $5! Beats getting Starbucks though. The lovely lady at the register was so helpful, kind, and very patient! She answered my questions promptly and gave great suggestions. I was very pleased with the pitaya bowl and the avocado smoothie! We will definitely go back for the acai bowl!
5	Very aesthetically pleasing atmosphere and the bowls and smoothies are delicious. I got the PB bowl and it was awesome! And it was healthy as well. Recommend to give this place a try
5	Great juice bar! Staff is very friendly. Although when it's packed it takes some time to get your order, the wait is worth it!Highly recommend the PB Bowl!
2	After coming here a few times & trying a few of the smoothie & bowl options, I have to say that for the amount of money you spend, it's not worth it.The things I didn't like - I've had the Banana Berry Burst which was completely tasteless ... I can make a better strawberry banana smoothie at home. Also, the Pink Flamingo which is supposedly the best seller in the store ... I thought it tasted really weird, my guess is because if the coconut water (but it was really bright & fun to look at if that matters to you).The two stars on their whole menu are the Date Nut smoothie & the PB bowl. Definitely stick to those if you go. Even then, I'd recommend to only go once in a while because the money you spend on these items is going to be an obscene amount. Disappointing.
3	So I've waited a while to try Nekter, and meh ... It's alright. I swung by on my break one day in search of a good ol' green juice.The store was definitely clean and bright. I tried the Toxin Flush with extra ginger. It was actually quite delicious and definitely soothed the GI distress, but I could get the same thing anywhere. The customer service is about what I'd expect for a chain; uninterested teenagers / college students. At least pretend to enjoy your job. Don't forget to use that $1 off check-in offer. $7+ beverages get pricey after a while . . . Also, as another reviewer noted: They don't use organic here. Boo. Maybe I'll give Nekter another try when I'm in a rush, but there's another local organic place down the road in Ahwatukee I prefer for my juices with friendlier (basic) customer service.
4	The staff is always super courteous. The place itself is clean and inviting. They offer a variety of juices, smoothies, and acai bowls. I'm only had the juice, but each one has been wonderful. This is a regular place for me when I'm doing a juice fast. Because they are busy, they can get backed up. Often I'm told it will be 10-15min when they are busy. Personally, I have no issue with this, but some might. Could they benefit from another juicer and more staff? Maybe, but I don't know where you would put it, its a rather small store, but I feel it adds to the charm. My only complaint is they don't have pineapple for juicing. Maybe its just me, but I kinda think its a swing and a miss. Plus at 8.50 for a 32oz juice, you can't go wrong. Sure, I can juice at home for way less (and I do), but lets face it, I'm not coming here when I can/feel like juicing at home.
5	This place is naturally popular because of the trendy health craze nowadays. But Nekter is right up there in my opinion! I come here for the acai bowls and theirs is definitely one of my favorites in the valley! It is a huge portion, great taste, just the right amount of sweet/tart and they are generous with the fruit & granola toppings. One bowl is good for 2 to share if having it for a healthy dessert which is what my bf and I usually do. When we are craving smoothies, this is also one of our go-to places. This is also where I tried my first pitaya bowl and it was excellent! More tart than the acai bowl but still sweet and filling. The location is nice and convenient, right in the heart of Ahwatukee. Parking is limited though being next to other restaurants. I have never been here during peak hours so I have never experienced a long wait for my order.
5	Such a great little place! First time in there and I tried their seasonal Pumpkin Pie Smoothie. Needless to say, it beats any other pumpkin food or drinks I have ever tasted. Ever. I will definitely be back!
5	I Love this place!! The Manager Kori and all the staff are Great!! Everything is very fresh and the smoothies are wonderful!!!
4	It's a cute little juice bar and I've been quite happy with everything I've had here. They tend to be a little slow (I've only ever seen one person working in the back and one in the front). As others have said, it's a little expensive considering it's not organic but I'm not an everyday regular and I wouldn't say it's more expensive than most of the other places I go for similar things.The PB bowl is AMAZING. Seriously, if you love peanut butter indulge in this goodness! Pitaya (dragon fruit) is another favorite...as the bowl or the smoothie. Just don't go when you are in a hurry and be prepared to spend a little for the fresh ingredients and you'll most likely be pleased as punch!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!! Best smoothies around!! Must try the acai bowls!! I have tried every single one of them and have never been disappointed!! They are absolutely delicious!! I could eat here everyday!!
