2	I've been having a run of really bad lunch destinations in the past week. I was craving Mexican food earlier this week and a coworker had a coupon for a buy one get one free entree at Qdoba. Now I'm not really sure what an entree consists of at a place where everything is ordered a la carte, but figured that a burrito was as good a guess as any, so I opted for the pork.Now, according to their menu this pork had been simmered in a blend of tangy tomatillos, jalapenos, garlic and lime juice...and their marketing division deserves props for that appetizing description, because it's all a smoke and mirror act. It tasted like pork. Plain old pork. Very tender pork, but straight up pork all the same.Add cilantro lime rice (uh, plain ole white rice with specks of green?); black beans (at least they didn't try anything pretentious there); pico de gallo (some of the blandest tomatoes and onions to ever grace a burrito); roasted chile corn salsa (for real, now? because I couldn't taste a hint of pobalano chile or jalapeno); and salsa roja (writing it in Spanish makes it more authentic. duh.), and wrap it up in a tortilla with a diameter the width of your torso. What do you get? A bland 3,000 calorie monstrosity of a burrito that needs to be dressed up with guacamole, cheese and lots of salsa to make it edible, if not very palatable.We got the food to go and the bag for our two burritos felt like the bottom was going to fall out. Out of curiosity, I weighed the burrito when we got back to the lab. It was over 610.00 grams because my electronic scale recorded the weight as "Err," and that's its max limit. That's over 1 pound and 5.43 ounces for you non-metric folk out there. Or if you prefer to express its weight more figuratively, it was the size and weight of a bunny, but didn't taste nearly as good. (Conejos son muy sabrosos!)I've also tried two tacos (pork and beef, see above for insight into the caliber of ingredients) and the three chile queso dip with chips. It was, to put it mildly, a disappointment. But if you're looking for a sterile, fast food environment (seriously, if Chipotle is owned by McDonald's...who owns this joint?) where you can take bland, picky eaters to enjoy burritos that constitute more than your entire recommended daily allowance of calories in one fell swoop, hit up Qdoba. With that info in mind, you won't be disappointed!
1	So, I decided to check out Qdoba because I got a buy one get one free coupon in the mail - I ate one for dinner last night and saved the other for lunch today. I love Chipotle, so I had high hopes, but man, the food was terrible. i got 2 Naked Burritos - the equivalent of a Chipotle Burrito Bol - one with steak and one with shredded beef. The rice was undercooked - practically crunchy, the shredded beef had a weird aftertaste like it had been stored in plastic, and the rest of it (mild salsa, "sauteed vegetables," cheese, sour cream) was just so, so bland. I ate them both because I'd paid for them, but the whole time I wished I'd just gone to Chipotle. Sigh.
4	So I can only review one item at Qdoba, because there's only one item I've eaten there since my freshman year of college in Madison... vegetarian nachos.I love them.Which is why I was so glad to find out a Qdoba was opening up in Tempe. I'd tried the one in Central Phoenix once in a while, but it was really too far for me to drive to get nachos.I'm not really a fan of other fast food Mexican food unless I'm really drunk. But Qdoba is different. Because of those fabulous nachos. Black beans, wonderfully flavorful cheese sauce, cheese, corn salsa and a side of guacamole... mmmm..... love it, love it, love it. On lunch trips with coworkers, my friends don't seem to be as impressed as I have been. But I don't care. I'll go alone.
2	A total chipotle rip-off. They have the same setup, with the white rice (with green seaweed things in it) and choice of meat beans etc. The prices are higher than Chipotle, a buritto was more than $6. The people weren't especially friendly or anything, but not a big deal. The food is nothing special, unoriginal, and expensive. If you'd like food that is exactally like Chipotle, then you may as well actually go to Chipotle and pay less for a meal.
4	This is a similar restaurant to Moe's and Chipotle.  I would say they are all interchangeable. Although I like the salsa bar that Moe's has and the others don't.  They have Shredded Pork (Carnitas)  which is always a plus for me.  The first time I had the pork it was great, the second time it was mushy, but very edible either way.  I would stay away from the steak, I found it rubbery.They have excellent Guacamole and Queso dip and chips.EDIT: 10/17/2008I went back the other day and had the Mexican Gumbo.  This dish alone moved them up to a 4 star from a 3 for me.  It's pretty fantastic and a very different menu item from the other quick burrito places.  If you want something like chili but a little lighter I highly recommend it.
3	I actually dont mind Qdoba. This Tempe location was nice. Like the other reviewers have said, It's basically Chipotle. And to me there is basically no difference. The only thing that Qdoba has on Chipotle is that I like the tortillas at Qdoba better, they seem to hold together better.
1	You know what differentiates a lot of tomato based Mexican food from fucking Italian? Oregano and basil, both of which were in your "hot" salsa today. I put quotation marks around that because I guess it was supposed to be spicy but it tasted more like sloppy joe mix than chiles. I didn't ask for a freakin' Mexitalian burrito.Consistently the worst pseudo-Mexican food in the business. The best thing that can be said for it is it'll form a turd. Pure fuel, not food.
3	I tasted my first Qdoba burrito last night. I went with the Queso Steak burrito. The burrito was hearty with lots of meat, rice and beans topped off with pico and some cheese and sour cream. My wife enjoyed her chicken burrito bowl with similar ingredients.I've had many burritos from taquerias to the burrito chains. Qdoba falls somewhere in the middle. I would gladly take a Qdoba burrito over a Chipotle or Una Mas burrito any day based on my initial experience.The staff was friendly and we were in and out for our take out order within 3-5 minutes.
3	My first Q'doba experience also happened to take place in Madison, WI where I would visit a good friend of mine while living in the Chicago area. This was back around '99-'00 or so, I believe, and I'd never experienced a Chipotle to compare it to. I really enjoyed it at the time, so much so that when I moved to Michigan I would occassionally drive almost an hour to get to the closest one. I was pretty psyched when the one on Rural opened up out here because Chipotle never sits right in my stomach (not that it necessarily stops me...but I always dread the impending doom that eating there brings). Unfortunately, this wasn't exactly the Q'doba I remembered, and it's just sorta average. I like the chicken, but the steak is blah. Queso is ok, but I've had much better. This is the one place where I actually enjoy the flavor of their green salsa, and I like the hot as well. No salsa complaints here. I usually end up spending just slightly less for my order here versus at Chipotle, which consists of three tacos, a drink, and chips and salsa (queso at the Q).
5	I eat lunch at Qdoba at least once a week and here's a list of the reasons why: 1. They have THE FRIENDLIEST staff of anywhere I have ever been. They remember what I like to order and they are always happy to see me! 2. The 3 Cheese Nachos with steak are to die for. I think I've become an addict. The food is always fresh, I always see them grilling chicken, peeling avocados, etc. in the kitchen. 3. It is always very clean inside and the service is fast, but not impersonal. 4. They have an amazing FREE rewards card! Double points on Tuesdays! I am sure that I have gotten at least 3 free lunches since I signed up for one! 5. You can have a beer with your lunch if you want!  They have a liquor license, so it adds a little something extra!
3	I like to eat at Qdoba about once a year.  Every once in a long while, I figure it'd be a good idea to consume 1200 calories in 10 minutes and I file in to Qdoba for a burrito. Yes, they do basically serve Chipotle's menu, but I like Qdoba's better.  Why? Because they offer a bit more variety--the ancho chile bbq burrito is tasty.Still, you're paying $7 something for a burrito that's bigger than your face.  Take that as either good or bad, depending on whether your concern is gastronomy or cardiology.
3	The first time I went here, I got the shredded beef burrito ($6.29) and thought it was just ok (it was HUGE).  However, I LOVED their warm chips ($.99) and guacamole ($2.69)!  Although I've revisited this location, I haven't tried anything else off their menu...I just run in for an order of chips and guacamole.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the lightly salted chips and tangy guac.BTW, although I prefer Qdoba's chips, for burritos, I prefer Baja Fresh.  As others have mentioned, Qdoba is just like Chipotle.  It's even located across the street from Chipotle...go figure.
4	I have to say I like Qdoba over chipotle about 75% of the time but the reason really isn't taste as i think they are about equal as run of the mill fast-ish mexican food. I like the mexican gumbo here, the taco salad has a tortilla shell, they always have discount coupons, the loyalty program is great and they don't want $1.50 for guacamole on a burrito like the other guys. The location is also good but with the new chipotle across the street (literally) it's Qdoba that wins out.All that said i tend towards the gumbo,which is really just the burrito guts with tortilla soup on top, with varying meats each time but the new shredder pork is good in it. It's very filling and hits the spot for me. The burritos when i get them are packed full and the chips and queso or guac are always good.If your looking for a wowing taste of mexican this isn't it but if you need a quick lunch or dinner and want a burrito or some gumbo it's not a bad place. Look in the ASU coupon books for great deals and if you get 10 meals the 11th is on them plus the occasional extra with the loyalty card.
4	I don't understand the lack of love here for Qdoba. Maybe everyone has been sucked into the Chipotle burrito-sphere and the refried beans are affecting their brains. There are enough tortillas in the world to support more than one fast food burrito joint, people!Don't get me wrong. I like Chipotle too. I will enjoy a burrito bowl there from time to time. But Qdoba has one thing Chipotle doesn't offer - their queso dip. A squirt of cheesy heaven, Qdoba's queso makes everything taste better. My favorite thing to get is their nachos. They load 'em with beans, your choice of meat, salsa, cheese, sour cream and 3-cheese queso. YUM! You get a heaping serving of salty yumminess for like $6.00. If I'm starving I can finish a whole plateful but there is certainly enough to share.So do yourself a favor and indulge in a little queso therapy next time you're craving some fast mexican food. You may never visit Chipotle again.
4	Imagine Chipotle with more flavor.  It's almost a complete ripoff of Chipotle's concept, but with the welcome twist of more interesting meat, sauce, and cheese options.  I'm not big on 2lb. burritos, so I wouldn't frequent Qdoba, but it's certainly worth a visit every once in a while.
4	I don't understand all the hate for this place. Like the guy before me said "clearly the refried beans have gone to your head." There are so many more choices here and the food is flavorful. Plus, how can you not love queso sauce? ARE YOU NOT HUMAN???I'm a little 110 pound girl but I love big portions so the amount of meat and everything else they heap on there is amazing. Plus they seem to always have quality meat. More than once I have stopped by a Chipotle, the barbacoa tasted and had the texture of meat that had been chewed and then someone decided they didn't want to swallow it and put it back in the meat bucket. Well I'm not here to rag on Chipotle, but I am here to tell you what a yummy place you're missing out on. I understand everyone has a bad day and maybe one time they had crappy rice or something, but who are you to judge something after one experience? My favorite sushi place has had one bad day, I never judged them on it and you shouldn't either.I'd recommend this place as a great lunch spot, it's quick and delicious. Don't forget the queso :D
3	Okay, so being a huge fan of Chipotle and noticing a trend that Chipotle-style restaurants that offer the line style of food usually are way below par I was not sure about trying this place. They were offering buy 1 get 1 coupons and we couldn't afford not to try it in case it was a good find. The food here is okay. The flavor falls very short of Chipotle and the flavors run more on the bland side. The first time I ate here I felt like I could barely taste my food. For two people to get full for less than $8 bucks though....sometimes you just suck it up and make the exception. We both usually get the Queso style burritos, mine vegetarian, my boyfriend gets chicken or steak. Now that I have eaten here a few times, when the coupon gets me, I'm a bit more acquainted with the flavors and find the food to be tasty. Not great, but not bad. Let's put it this way, I would not pay full price to eat here...but if a coupon presents itself and I don't feel like cooking, why not?
1	I went here once and then went back to try it again. After entering and observing, I realized that this was going to be the same exact underwhelming experience as the first time. As a matter of fact, they are pretty much a factory of that exact experience. Kind of annoying. The food was salty. Really salty. I've had so much better Mexican...I don't understand this place being successful here. I can only imagine that it is because we have so many transplants here in AZ and they have trouble trying places they don't recognize the name of. Its OK people. There are real Mexican's here who have been making food for years! Go to one of your local places, check it out. It will destroy this corporate blandness that has salt as its only spice.You are on Yelp, you could look for a place near you! A Mexican place that only exists here in your town! Has no other locations 2500 miles away from Mexico. Its OK to adventure out of what you know! Its actually why some of us are Yelping, so you can go to the places that are good, not the ones that suck.
4	Great burritos.  I like Qdoba better than chipolte, the meat seems to have a better flavor.   The service is always great and fast.  So good....num num num
5	I love Qdoba I go here every weekend have a Member card etc. Many people think of this as the same thing as Chipotle they are very similar except I here they have a bit more choices I believe. I used to go to Chipotle a lot but once I found this place this is all I ever go to. Best thing about this place is the Queso Burrito. Best thing on the menu. Also when I ask for a side of rice they give me a nice cup of rice on the side for like .80 cents unlike Chipotle when I asked for a side of rice they give me this little "shot glass" sized plastic cup of rice and expect me to pay 1.35 or something like that. Now I won't say that this place is authentic mexican food but hey it's good food. I'm sure you can find some authentic mexican place if you want that but this place has its own menu and its own flavor. Definately a place you should try out and see for yourself.I am a regular at the Rural Rd location and love the people there. They are nice and friendly and since I always have a hard time deciding they give me some pushes in the right direction to get me to decide. ;P The place is always clean and have never had a problem here.
5	Always has been good!
4	I only stick to the tacos because I'm not into the monster burrito stuff. They do have some of the best shredded beef and it's great in their tacos and taco salad.   The one thing that sets this place apart from the rest(besides the great meat) - the salsa.  Their Habanero salsa is outstanding - tasty and spicy.
5	Although Qdoba is just one of the many "Mexican Subways," it is in a class of its own. The freshness of the ingredients and the explosive flavors set it far apart from the rest. This particular location is clean and has professional employees.Having tried just about everything on the menu, I have a few recommendations. Invariably, if you stand in a line at Qdoba, every customer in front of you will order a chicken burrito. Don't do that. Although the burritos are excellent, I would probably rank them last on my favorites list at Qdoba. Instead, try something different.For meat, I highly recommend the barbecoa (shredded barbecued beef). It sits around simmering in its own juices and spices all day, which cause it to have explosive flavor in every bite.For dishes, the little known secret and best item on the menu is the tortilla soup. If you're more hungry than soup, get the Mexican gumbo, which has all of the contents of a burrito topped off with the tortilla soup. It doesn't get any better than that. My backup favorite is the quesadilla. They are always crispy and good for dipping in Qdoba's several tasty flavors of salsa ("hot" is the best, but they are all great).The portions can be quite large at Qdoba and it can be hard to decide on which meal to have on a particular visit. Therefore, a nice option is the craft two menu. This allows you to pick two Qdoba dishes, each at a smaller portion than when ordered alone. Hence, you can try two smaller dishes and not get totally stuffed when you eat everything.Make sure to pick up a Qdoba rewards card at the register. They are free, work at all locations, come with a free chips and salsa at activation, and earn you one free meal for every 10 that you purchase.
4	Man I love Chipot--I mean Qdoba. Last time I was here I was stopping with co-workers and wasn't starving, so all I got was the chips and queso. Delicious, expect the mountains of salt on the chips. Moderation, people, moderation.
1	This place is the white-trash Chipotle. The food is mediocre at best. I mean seriously, how can you just up and steal Chipotle's idea! There's no creativity there. The Habenaro Salsa is flavorless and not hot at all. Seriously? I asked for HOT, not some yellowish tomato concoction for the people who can't handle real salsa!  At least Chipotle has hot salsa (not too hot either but much better) for a fast Americanized mexican food. Of course I much rather have the real deal but I do like Chiptole for what it is. Not this crap that Qdoba tries to serve up. The chicken is over seasoned and highly spiced/herbed you can barely taste the chicken. The Fajita veggie were the same. The product looked of very low quality. Oxidizing Guacamole and Lettuce. The meat looked unappetizing as well. Just not at the level of Chipotle. Although I have been here twice, this is the last time for me. I have been to one in Denver and for some reason thought it was better. So maybe it's management but I can say the food is less than good. I much rather go to Chiptole than this wannabe! Employees were dumber than a bag of Frijoles!This place has the worst "Mexican" Food I have ever had next to a pre made burrito from 7-11 or a burrito from Taco Bell. Just disgusting food.
5	I love Qdoba.  I don't eat here enough.  None close to my house.  I used to work next to this location and the staff is better than most restaurants like this.  My favorite thing at Qdoba?  Nachos.  Pork Nachos, Steak Nachos, any nachos as long as they're smothered in Queso sauce!  MMMMM!
4	Qdoba is pretty simple, form a line, tell the dude what you want, he makes it and you eat it. Its like Subway for burritos. Awesome!I usually like to go to Chipotle, but this Qdoba pulls me away. 1. They move through he line with a quickness I have never seen before.2. The staff is really friendly and they always at least act semi happy to are in their store. 3. It's clean and has a nice patio i can chilax on while on a break from work.4. They meat quality if better then other burrito places5. They have more options.     two different kinds of veggies    cheese sauce, high five!    gumbo    and a combo option so if you cant make up your mind between a quesadilla or           tacos, you can have both, or gumbo and a saladQdoba = winning!
4	Good burritos. The queso sauce is pretty good with chips.
3	I love the food at Chipotle so much more, I'm not sure I would ever go to Qdoba again because Chipotle has set my expectations too high.
5	Flour taco w/ Chips and Queso are the way to. Hands down better value over Chipotle.
1	The food is absolutely terrible at this Qdoba, or maybe it is all Qdoba's I don't know.  Either way, Qdoba does not stack up to Chipotle.  Better than Someburros?  Nope.  Better than Filliberto's?  Not quite.  Better than Taco Bell?  Doubtful.  Better than a Hot Pocket?  Yes, but what isn't?
4	I stopped in to pick up dinner one night after the line for Chipotle was nearly out the door. I'm doing a low carb thing so I opted to try their naked salad bowl - lettuce, chicken, black beans, cheese, guacamole, and hot salsa. It was good - a different variety than the Chipotle salads. I would come back, though probably not for their burritos. I would like to try the other items on their menu
2	My co-worker and I stopped in for lunch today. I had been here once before maybe six years ago. I ordered the pulled pork quesadilla. The girl behind the counter prepped it and put on the grill and when the time was up to pull it off, the tortilla got stuck, I could already see it was partially well done and falling apart, she really had to scrape to get it off the grill. My advise: PAM cooking spray. I thought she was going to suggest to remake or offer a discount. I paid for my meal and sat down to eat. It was so soggy I could not pick it up, I had to use a fork. I can understand that maybe the pork was so juicy thus creating the well done soggy tortilla. The pork was good, but the tortilla part was so mushy and then the cheese just globbed. I pretty much just picked the pork. The guacamole was good. I would suggest maybe for the pulled pork entrees, drain the juice, otherwise you just end up with a soggy mess. Not the worst I have had and not the best. This would not keep me from coming back, next time I will just ask for the tortilla on the side or maybe some chips.
2	Let me start this off by saying that I love q'doba, the food is delicious. Reason for 2 stars you ask? Well I'm currently standing in line, I'm the only one here. I was greeted with "I'll be right with you" and then I waited while the two ladies here finished their conversation! So while the food is great, this experience was not!
5	The staff is always helpful and pleasant and the food is always super fresh. It is always  clean and I never leave sad. Even after we dropped our entire order on the floor by accident they gave us the same thing without charging us and had great attitudes even when cleaning it up. Delicious food and great service!
5	I love Qdoba I just wish there were more of them.
5	I hope this is the right location (directly across from Chipotle).Okay, this review is way, long overdue (like since December 2013), however, I must say while in town helping brother & family move- hubby and I worked up an appetite, as well as the rest of the crew.  So we were craving some good south-of-the-border place and figured we'd go to the local Chipotle Grill- but it was so busy and we were so hungry, someone suggested the Qdoba Mexican Grill right across the street from Chipotle.Never heard of this place, as I don't think we have any here in So. Cali, but once we got in and met the friendliest counter girl, Anna, my nephew recognized her from an earlier Christmas party and her smile grew even bigger.I didn't believe their food could be better than Chipotle, but after we satisfactorily satiated our appetites, I vowed to go back each and every time we make our way out to Arizona.Yumm and delish is all I can say for Qdoba.  The queso sauce was lip-smacking good as each of my tortilla chips took multiple dives in that well seasoned, warm, saucy deliciousness.   The Mexican Gumbo (sounds funny) but it was so good as I got to add whatever ingredient I wanted inside of that bowl of yummyness.5 solid stars for Qdoba and the same for the waitress/food handler Anna!!!If only we had a Qdoba in So. California, tsk, tsk.
4	This location is pretty consistent. I have always taken my food to-go, so I can't vouch for the cleanliness of the seating area.Veggie nachos are my jam. Queso!
3	It's no Chipotle but a good alternative when in a hurry between Lowe's & home. Family was going to kill each other unless we ate so we stopped at the first (non-fast food) place we found.
3	If you want to try some of their menu items made with their melted queso, this might be a good place to visit. I didn't try any of those bc I try to avoid dairy.But if you are just going to try something on their menu that is similar to the Chipotle menu (like me) then just go to Chipotle! it's literally one block away and much better.I tried the steak burrito bowl here.  I ordered it exactly like I order my Chipotle burrito bowls (white rice, black beans, corn salsa, pico, red salsa) and it was alright, but not as good as Chipotle. for one, the black beans weren't cooked the entire way through and were kind of hard and raw at parts. the red salsa was also weird in that it tasted sort of like spaghetti sauce? literally the moment I had my first bite, I thought to myself - this reminds me of spaghetti. everything else from the corn salsa to the rice just wasn't as good as I could have had at Chipotle. for $1-2 more, Chipotle is worth it.
3	Friendly, but sandy grit in my salad, tasteless chicken, and didn't get my water cup I asked for.
