4	What can I say that has not already been said about this place? Great prices and a nice selection of fruit and veggies to choose from. I know, how about a short commercial for them for all the great service and products they offer. Hey friends tired of over priced, over ripe, and over hyped produce? Sick of having to eat veggies that require you to mortgage your house just to pay for them? Then my friends come one come all to Superstition Ranch Market. Here you will find a huge selection of the food you love and can actually afford! ( crowd of people clap and cheer ) Life is hard enough, so quit eating those sour grapes and run, don 't walk to Superstition Ranch Market. Yeah OK I know I have a weird sense of humor but the facts speak for themselves fellow yelpers.  Don' t just take my word for it, check this place out and you will not be disappointed. Just make sure you watch out for those snow birds as half of them are blind.  I recommend wearing a good pair of running shoes just in case.(LOL)
5	Love this place totally love you can get a huge box of bananas for only 2$ pretty awesome!
5	I love the 3 P's, produce, people, and prices. This is the freshest produce I have found for really good prices and the people who work here always seem to have a good time.   If the produce is in season, the prices are just right.  They also have a good selection of locally produced jams, snacks, and honey.
4	What can I say I still love this place, but have had a few issues with them as of late. Now I understand that there are times of year when things are in season so they will be fresher but they seem to offer a lot of sub-par items. Like the green peppers! Seriously they needed CPR the last four times I was there. But the prices, great customer service and location always keep me coming back. Just hope the people supplying their peppers get it together.
5	Even if you don't live in the east Valley, it's worth the time and gas to buy your produce at the Superstition Market in Mesa. The prices are low and for the most part, the quality is good. Today I got cranberries for $0.50 a pound. Sweet potatoes were $0.49 a pound and yellow onions just $0.39 a pound.The markets have weekly specials and prices are rarely what the supermarkets charge for fresh fruit and vegetables. Check them out and start saving on your family's food bills. The staff is friendly and helpful. We eat really well all year, thanks to this market.
4	The main reason that Ranch Market is great is because of the price.  It's cheap, you almost can't find cheaper produce around town.  However, it comes with a price.  The produce quality is hit and miss.  One week you may find great deals on grapes, but the cauliflower that was on deal starting two weeks earlier is still there and in pretty bad shape.  So you can stock up on the grapes, but you have to pass on the cauliflower.  That's sort of how it is.That said, if you don't mind shopping like that, you can get a ton of fruit and veg, like bags full for $20.  The other thing is they don't really do organic options at all.  I've found that some of their produce (rarely, I should say, does this happen) but I'll examine the label and see that it's actually organic.  But it's just by happenstance, they don't have an organic section or options.  When it does happen though, it's a great deal, you can get it for really cheap.  But more often than not, the produce is not organic and is not local.  The oranges in the spring are almost always from Mesa though, so that's nice.So it's sort of like the dollar store for produce.  You can get some great deals, you just need to be willing to pick through things and figure out what is decent quality.  Beyond the produce, they do also have a nice selection of cheeses and dry goods, along with local honeys, salsas, soup mixes, etc.  Those tend to be a little more pricey, but it's nice to be able to buy local products.Overall, I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.  I'll err on the generous side and do 4.  What makes me want to vote it a little lower is the overall produce quality, the fact that most of the produce is not local, and that there are few, if any, organic options.  But I suppose all that comes at a price, and that's what Ranch Market is really good at is keeping the prices low.
4	Although supermarkets will provide the best of their shipments in produce, none of them compare to the quality and price of the Ranch Superstition Market. The produce is amazing, although doesn't last as long in a fridge without a veggie drawer. I reccomend two times a week shopping to get your greens. Perfect for health nuts and people looking to eat healthier for a better price. Local growers, great prices... I mean seriously Red Bell peppers are 4 for a 1$... What groccery store has that price, even during sale week?
4	Love this place! Always get a bunch of stuff for a really great price! You do have to watch and pick out the things at an appropriate ripeness but you really can't pass the price. Do keep in mind that you have to have a $5 purchase to use your credit card.
5	Great prices great place to buy your produce. Good value but you have to use it quickly the produce doesn't keep for long
5	Okay, so it can take a little time to find the "best" -- and the produce generally isn't visually the best but the quality and price are still way, way above anyplace else. I also like that they have specialty items -- artisan breads, jellies, local honey -- and the prices still don't drive you away!
2	This venue seems newer and improved from the Higley location, but the quality of the produce is so much less. Only one of the five items I purchased was edible.
4	Love stopping here.  Have to watch the specials - if things are marked down - they are usually very ripe and have to be used that day but what great specials.  Found some great locally made items too.
5	I love this place! Where else can you find clamshells of blueberries for $.59? Last week they had peaches for $.69/lb. I always stock up and freeze what I can.Watch what you grab because you can end up with some over ripe items but it's worth the couple of extra minutes for the excellent deals.
3	It's hit or miss. The produce is almost always prime, but the prices are very flux and that definitely bothers me. I mean, fluctuations are typical, but to an extent. It can get a little out of hand here, sometimes. Outside of that, the staff is usually decent and friendly, the place is clean and check out is quick.
