1	It's well-known that the prostitutes advertised to tourists on the Las Vegas Strip say their rates are $39 and when the prostitute gets to the tourist's room, she explains it was $39 to talk to her and $400 to sleep with her.Well, Universal Carpet Care has perfected this scam for carpet cleaning. They advertise 3 rooms cleaned for $39.99. What they forget to explain is their "cleaning" amounts to vacuuming the floor and calling it "steam cleaning". But they're willing to actually clean the carpet for only $300 more. Skip this company and call anyone else for carpet cleaning. Someone that quotes you an honest rate up front.It's a complete rip off.  Go rent a Rug Doctor from the local supermarket for $35.  It does a much better job.
4	I'm so sad to have read the first prior review on Universal Carpet Care.  I've used them several times for the different homes I've lived in and each job I've had has been a very good one.  After every job, my carpet almost looks brand new and I can't be any more happier every time they're done cleaning.  I also have a dog and sometimes she manages to leave presents on the carpet for me to clean up.  They've been able to get rid of the pet stains as if they were never there.  I don't know, maybe I just get lucky?  The last time I used their service I paid $115 plus tip for a three bedroom house.  That included three bedrooms, two living rooms and a hallway.  And, yes you'll have to pay extra for extra things that you may want.  But, I didn't feel necessary to get the extras.All I can say is that I wouldn't use any other carpet cleaning company at this point unless they start doing a really bad job.  Also, I hope anyone else who uses them will get the same treatment as I did.
4	i have used them several times and they do a great job. My mother in law also has used them for about 10 years. Her carpet always looks brand new... Give them a try, you wont be disappointed
4	Very pleased with their cleaning.  My entire house, 5 bedrooms and stairs was cheaper and cleaner than Stanley Steemer.  Great price and no surprises.  I will use them again in my new home.Technicians were nice & personable.
1	Last Saturday, I called Universal Carpet Care to clean my one bedroom apartment in The Domain.  I was told they would call me before they were arriving on Monday.  At 12:50, a gentlemen from their company called me to tell me they are on their way.  One hour later, I called back.  No one had arrived.  The lady said they are just now dispatching someone, and they are on their way.  I was livid!  It leads me 2 conclusions.  The company lied to me, or someone doesn't know what they're doing.  My time is worth money like anyone else's.  I don't need this so-called company wasting it.  They can keep their crappy customer service.
5	They were able to come in the next day after I called.  The actual price wasn't too far off from the estimate I got over the phone.  I had tried different companies in the past, but none compared to Universal.  My carpet was left looking practically new.  Their deep cleaning was amazing, and was able to get all of the stains out.If you're looking for a company that'll leave your carpet looking better than ever, I'd recommend Universal.
