1	ALL BAD EXPERIENCES HERE!!!!!If a place can't get a simple egg sandwich and coffee right then I have infinite confidence that they can not do anything else right either.  I have been 3 times and each time it has been a struggle for them to put ketchup on my egg sandwich.  Each time I was the only customer and each time I clearly told them what I wanted and heard them clearly tell the cook to do it.  One of the times I waited for like 3 minutes for them to get me ketchup after they already handed me my sandwich.  The bacon was clearly microwaved for it.  The coffee I ordered was absolutely wretched as well.  THIS PLACE BITES, try again owners!
5	If you are looking for a amazing chicken pot pie.....look no further! This pot pie is stuffed with delicious chicken, the crust is light and flaky and yes there are yummy vegetables. Other pot pies I have tried were mostly vegetables but that is not the case at Cluck N Cup. You definitely get your monies worth and the flavor is amazing! Considering we were passing thru Charlotte we are happy to see that they have online ordering and can ship anywhere. If you haven't had a chance to try one of their locations please don't miss out. The staff is friendly. The restaurant was very clean. We took a family sized pie with us to our final destination and it was a big hit!
4	We stopped in here for a quick bite around lunchtime on a Saturday. It was fairly quiet with plenty of open booths. Our food was hot, fresh and very delicious! The BBQ chicken wrap was made with shredded chicken I imagine was cooked same day in house, very much unlike some places with cubed, bagged, frozen then thawed chicken pieces. It was served warm, which was kind of a surprise, but as it turns out a nice one. The chicken pot pie was, as others have mentioned, delightful. I hadn't had chicken pot pie in a while, but it really hit the spot on a cold and cloudy day. There was a lot of chicken though, I'm sure that's most people's preference, but I wish it was more veggie heavy.On top of all of that, their staff was courteous, and they serve coke products which is always a win for me. Their prices are more than reasonable, and most if not all daily specials have a drink and side included in their $5-$6 price range. It's a great value.
4	The chicken pot pie is excellent! I highly recommend it to anyone. They homemade the pie in the restaurant. It takes about 10 minutes after ordering because it is fresh. They also offer it in a take and bake fashion if you cannot stay.The broccoli casserole was recommended, but I personally did not like it. They do offer other side dishes with each meal however. They offered daily specials & a weekly salad special as well. The staff was very friendly, and when I was there the owner was working the counter. He was very passionate about the food that they were serving. I went with a coworker and we both highly enjoyed it. I look forward to returning soon. It is a great lunch destination if you are in the Northlake area. Credit cards were accepted.
4	Great chicken pot pie and Asian slaw.  Friendly service good prices.  Just a little limited on the menu.Definitely Recommend.
4	Cluck N-NOM-NOM-NOM Cup!!This place is soooo good!! Always large portion sizes and great taste!! It smells like home cooking the minute you walk in the door and the service is quick, polite and so wonderful. I always get the Asian Salad with extra crunchy noodles on the side - YUMM!Best Tip about this place: everything is made FRESH! Sad Tip - two of their locations are only open until 4pm aka lunch only
1	My husband and I decided to check out this quaintly named restaurant for breakfast this morning.  The decor is quite cute, plenty of seating, even a couple of nice leather chairs should you drop by with a friend for a simple coffee.  The windows advertise catering services are offered as well.  However, I noticed right away that the entry floor was in need of a serious sweeping.As we perused the menu, I seriously considered making the awkward decision to do an about-face and go to Mimi's, perhaps allowing the ladies working the Cluck-n-Cup time to find a broom, a few spray bottles, and some clean dishrags; but my husband placed his order for an omelette.  He was told it would be about fifteen minutes... for an omelette?  I ordered a breakfast croissant sandwich and we both asked for coffee and water.  We were given two styrofoam cups of coffee at the register and two of water.  Seriously? Ceramic mugs and at least plastic glasses should be the norm in any restaurant.  When asked if we'd like cream, our cashier/waitress told us to hold on a minute.  She went to the back and returned with our creamer, in the quart carton you'd pull out of the case at your local grocery store, and let us pour it ourselves before we walked over to the sugar station.  We walked by plenty of booths where both table and seating needed to be wiped down, as well as more evidence of the neglect of floors. As for our breakfast, my husband liked his omelette quite well.  My sandwich was nothing special.  My husband asked me to sit facing the window so that the TWO people "working" the morning shift in this restaurant devoid of any customers besides ourselves would not see my face.  I don't think the one standing at the front counter would have looked up from her computer screen long enough to notice anything amiss.We both stopped by the bathroom before leaving.  Dirty everything, and trash hanging out of the trashcan.  Unbelievable.
2	A couple of weeks ago, we went for a nice Saturday Brunch.  Second time we tries because the first was over a holiday weekend and they deviated from their normal schedule but no problem. We finally made it.Despite all the hype, I can honestly say this as a bit of let down.  Very little taste to the Chicken Pot Pie, very little Chicken and a crust like cardboard.Server was friendly but little responce from the back so service was slow. At least the coffee is good.Would not recommend. Food is nothing to write home about, service is adequat but can't blame them because they are not getting the orders from the kitchen promptly and they are trying.Restaurant is an interesting concept but needs a lot of refining.
