5	We are expecting our first child and were very overwhelmed by the HUGE assortment of baby stuff like diapers and slings on the internet.  We took a special trip down to Phoenix hoping that Zoolikins could enlighten us.  I cannot begin to relay how happy I was with our experience.  Even though there was not a class scheduled that day (they have classes about all kinds of things you can attend) the two staff members spent over an hour with my husband and I going over every kind of cloth diaper (the pros, the cons, favorites, the things you don't know until you've got a kiddo, etc.) and never made us feel rushed or, worse, stupid.They also had a huge selection of slings and other devices to wear your baby.  They walked us through how to tie or wear every single one and then put in a weighed doll to see if we liked them.As we were driving home I kept saying over and over how much more comfortable and prepared for this process I felt because of the incredible service we had at Zoolikins.  Well done!  You've got customers for life!
4	Super cute store with a surprisingly large assortment of Dr. Seuss themed children's clothing. They also have a variety of new mom and baby products which makes it a great place to shop for a baby shower gift. They carry all the same brands as the other boutiques but their prices seem very reasonable (for Scottsdale).
5	The staff is very patient and took time to explain and answer all our questions about cloth diapering and baby wearing. The best part they don't rush you. The class about cloth diapering was very helpful. The prices also were reasonable for the most part. I would definitely recommend anyone to check out this store especially if you are interested in cloth diapering and baby wearing.
4	We've been to Zoolikins several times now to buy our diaper detergent (we cloth diaper), and I love it more each time we visit. The women working are always friendly, and will go above and beyond to answer any questions I have. Even though we're usually only popping in for a minute or two, I always enjoy it. They have a wonderful selection of naturally-geared baby stuff; slings, cloth diapers, teething remedies, feeding solutions, clothing, toys, etc. It's a wonderful place for picking up gifts, or heading to if you have any questions about anything baby-accessory related. It's a little far from us, and the parking can be atrocious as it's in Old Town, but it's definitely worth the stop if you're in the area.
5	Wow!  I've had two friends recommend Zoolikins now and I definitely wasn't disappointed!  This is THE resource for cloth diapering in AZ.  I was overwhelmed with information when I decided I wanted to use cloth and the ladies at Zoolikins were happy to show me several different options and steer me in the right direction with laundering.  They even offer classes on cloth diapering and baby-wearing.  Awesome!Beyond the diaper section they have a good selection of other natural products for babies and kids...tons of REALLY cute things.
5	Went into zoolikins for the first time today, and walked out extremely happy.Yesterday I searched for cloth diapers at 3 targets and babies r us. Walked away disappointed. I went home to search the Internet and figured I would order online. Who knew there were so many options.  I needed face to face customer service and with just as many options as shopping online and boy did I find what I was looking for. There is a whole wall with cloth diapers, a nook with different wraps, slings and carriers, adorable clothes and helpful items for new moms.Like a another person mentioned in their yelp, the women at this store work with their clients to make sure you don't feel rushed or stupid. The young lady who helped me ( and I'm assuming everyone who works at zoolikins,) is extremely knowledged about cloth diapers, and demonstrated a ring sling for me then encouraged me to try it with a baby doll filled with beans, so it felt very life like!I absolutely love this store and look forward to going back for more.
5	I go here so often, you'd think I would have reviewed by now. Zoolikins is a wonderful little baby boutique store!If you are looking for cloth diapering, baby carrying or other granola child rearing necessities--this is the place. You can touch and feel a variety of diapers, take a class to learn how to use, pick up diaper safe laundry detergent, or just browse the variety of natural products available. The prices are pretty comparable to anything else you will find online, with the bonus of skipping shipping/delivery wait time. I love being able to preview my options and walk out the door same day with new "fluff". Staff are friendly and knowledgeable without being to "hover-y" while you shop. Definitely put this store on your rotation if you are expecting or looking for a unique baby gift.
5	Just finished our second visit here. First visit was purely educational. Today we continued that and made our well informed purchased. This is our first baby and we love all the very personal help we got here. We actually live in Dallas but enjoyed the experience so much that we chose to come back and make our purchases here. All staff (and the owner) were friendly, positive, and empowering to us newbies. Thank you so much!!
5	Love Zoolikins!  They have a great selection of cloth diapers, baby carriers, clothing, toys, and accessories for your little one.  The staff has always been friendly and helpful, no matter how busy or empty the store has been.  I went in once to try on baby carriers (I had no idea what I was doing) and an employee spent twenty minutes with me helping me try them all on with weighted baby dolls.  She was clearly an experienced user herself, and had real life tips and opinions to share.  Another thing I really like about the store is how they are always looking for new products, but they don't stock things they don't like using as parents themselves.  For example, there are some baby carriers they don't carry because they have found they are consistently difficult, uncomfortable, or hard to use.  I like knowing that the brands they carry have been approved by local moms!Parking isn't always easy, but that's the way of Old Town Scottsdale.  Find parking on any nearby block and enjoy the walk and the window shopping.  I do find close parking if I go on a weekday morning.
5	Zoolikins is amazing! I had taken a cloth diapering class down in Tucson, where I live, and the woman teaching it mentioned she initially went to this store. We were taking a trip up to Phoenix for another reason and decided to check it out. Boy am I glad that I did! We were able to talk to not only one but two staff members about the variety of cloth diapers. Despite having just taken a class covering all this I had NO idea how many brands/styles there were to this whole modern cloth diapering. But the sales associates were very down to earth explaining that it's like different jeans and it's really not as hard as it seems. Gone are the days of diaper pins and in are snappis (ask them about it - you will love it). We ended up purchasing an infant starter pack that had water proof covers (3) and then pre-folds to use inside. Oh word to the wise their website also rocks and you can skype into classes on cloth diapering, baby wearing, and swaddling! Again so thankful to these people and their amazing store.
2	Unfortunately, I was not wowed. We went in to browse and see some cloth diapers in person. The store did have an impressive assortment and for that the store gets two stars. Also, the owner walked up and began giving us an impromptu diapering class. Which is also nice and would have given this store a least another star, except that she dissed prefolds. I get that the All in One diapers and pockets, etc. are quick and convenient, but they are also pricey (and take forever to dry). I wanted to use prefolds and covers at first, but she told us that prefolds were hard to come by these days. Really? I can go online and find them in a jiffy (unbleached, organic, bamboo you name it). Maybe it's just a stuffy Scottsdale thing, but I wasn't really into it. There are a million cloth diaper sites online and just about a million reviews as well. It could have been a good thing Zoolikins...
5	As a new dad, I find this place to be fantastic. They have tons of diaper covers, and offer a wealth of knowledge as well (baby websites, new brands, techniques etc). The three times I have set foot in This place, my wife and I have walked away with great new insight from the owner. She's very passionate, and lives and breathes this stuff.  We have chosen to use a cloth diaper service and have had much success using the Thirsties and Rumparooz that Zoolikins recommended in combination.
1	I had a truly bad experience in this store yesterday.  I plan to cloth diaper, and multiple people had recommended this shop; I had heard nothing but great things.  I was excited to check it out, and since I live in the far west valley and have a hectic work schedule, had to plan for a special trip out to Scottsdale just to visit, figuring the middle of the day on a Monday would be a low-traffic time to walk in.  My first impression was positive; they seemed to have an extensive selection that was well stocked, and my husband and I were greeted promptly upon stepping inside.  It was all downhill from there!  Even after explaining that we are first-time-parents, drove quite a distance just to visit their store, and were looking to purchase an entire layette, the sales clerk rushed us through a "demo" of what cloth diapering entails, with very little explanation.  I felt I had to ask permission to actually handle the products - it was not a welcoming demonstration.  The woman who appeared to be the owner of the store was barking orders at the other clerks, and actually even tossed a diaper onto the table and told the woman talking to us to "show them this one!".  Finally, she finished her speech then completely walked away from us and started helping another customer, leaving us to fend for ourselves in front of their wall of diapers, sans explanation of what anything was, how it was labeled and categorized, etc.  We felt even MORE confused and frustrated than when we came into the store to begin with; not a good way to treat a woman who is 7 months pregnant and just drove 45 minutes in 115 degree heat to spend money in your store.  My husband and I would have loved to check out their other products (i.e. baby carriers, natural bath products, etc.) but 10 minutes into our visit we felt unwelcome and "rushed out".  I am ALL FOR buying local, but I will not be back to Zoolikins.  Looks like Diapers.com is getting my business on this one!
5	I could not be more pleased with my experience(s) at Zoolikins. My husband and I decided a few weeks ago that we would convert to cloth diapering, but as a newbie, it can be very overwhelming as there are so many different brands and types of diapers. We didn't know where to start. After attending the complimentary diapering class, we had a bit more direction and the knowledgeable staff was able to help us figure out what brands to try to best suit our needs. Fast forward a week and we found that we were having some leakage issues with one of the brands we tried. Upon contacting the owner, she said she would happily exchange them, no questions asked. In this day and age, it's hard to find such wonderful customer service... particularly at a small  "ma and pa" shop that still offers incredibly competitive pricing!
5	This is a great baby boutique store.  The owner gave us a great demonstration of the cloth diapers and the baby carrier.  I can't wait to find out the sex and register at her store.  I love always giving back to local boutiques.
5	This is an adorable little store! It offers a lot of the natural and innovative baby products that I have researched and bought online because I couldn't find them in a store, but it would have been so nice to actually see it in a store! Everything in there is carefully selected; they only have nice and cute things! It is definitely a baby store, there isn't much for toddlers or older kids, but I still liked tooling around here, and I found a baby gift for my friend. They also appear to offer classes!
5	I have been to both their store in Scottsdale and even their new one in Chandler (I think it opened just this week!) and I am always impressed by their selection, friendly staff, and their commiment to parents. They really care about providing the best product and info to their parents who shop there. Absolutely LOVE this store!
4	Zoolikins seems to be known as the cloth diaper resource locally, but I have to admit... I don't use cloth diapers.  (Please don't hate me!)  Sorry environment, but I love Pampers and Huggies.  Nonetheless, I learned about Zoolikins when baby #2 was born 6 months ago.  We received an adorable gift from Zoolikins.  I made a mental note to visit myself and did so recently...  I cannot believe I hadn't been in sooner as it's so close to my house!  I was with my kids and mother-in-law when I visited and we went in on a mission to look at amber teething necklaces.  Not only do they have a decent selection of real amber necklaces to choose from (I guess there are some fakes being sold elsewhere according to the woman that was working), but they have a ton of other unique items for kids as well.While we ended up not purchasing a necklace (my son didn't like them), we did buy some utensils for him, a bib for my daughter, and a cute Dr Seuss plate / bowl set as well.  If you are in need of products for your baby or toddler or on the hunt for a cute gift for someone else's kid(s), Zoolikins is worth a visit indeed!
5	My husband and I have been to the Scottsdale location several times now.  (I am looking forward to visiting Chandler tomorrow.)  The store is cute but not too swanky.  The staff has been nothing but polite, knowledgeable and helpful!  On our first visit, they were more than willing to help, explain and reexplain.  At the same time they were willing to give us space so that we could explore and make decisions between ourselves.  We were told about their diapering classes which I hear are wonderful.  The owner also helped my husband find a comfortable carrier that he is itching to try out with little one when she arrives.  The cashier sorted our products into natural versus synthetic bags to help us remember the washing instructions.  They also do a nice job with presentation regarding gifts for others.  Can you tell that we LOVE this store!?!
5	I have been to Zoolikins many times and have not only purchased many great products but have also benefited from the wealth of information that I received there. I have been assisted with anything from products for diaper rash prevention to feeding issues. There are so many cloth diapering products and having someone go through them with you helps immensely, not only when starting out but with any issues that you experience down the road. In my opinion, diapering products are something that you need to see and feel to make sure that you get what you need. I have to admit that after becoming familiar with certain products, I have ordered replacement items online from another retailer because it was more convenient. After visiting Zoolikins today, I have decided to no longer do that.I went in to buy a couple of items and was casually discussing some issues that I experienced with an older product that I purchased over a year ago. The owner explained to me that there was a problem with the product and explained how to contact the company in order to request the new improved version of the product. I was happy with the info and was planning on doing that. Then, the owner said that she would contact the company and offered me replacement products from her stock on the spot. I have never had the experience of "complaining" about something that I purchased over a year ago and receive brand new improved replacements. I wasn't a disgruntled customer and was not asking for or expecting anything. She went out of her way to help me to get a product that worked well for me. She was able to do this because she has such a great relationship with the product's manufacturer. This is the kind of information and service that you can't get from an online retailer. I encourage everyone to cloth diaper and to shop at Zoolikins (especially the new Chandler store)!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!! After making a decision to use cloth diapers, we signed up for their (FREE!) cloth diapering 101 class! After an extremely informative class (lasted about 60-90 minutes) my husband and I felt like we had all the knowledge we needed to purchase our diapers. Everyone in the store is SO friendly and helpful, and we got every single thing we needed. I could not be more pleased with my experience, and we will FOR SURE be heading back in frequently to add to our diaper "stash" as baby gets a bit bigger. Their prices are extremely reasonable and you get to support a local business, who themselves support local businesses!
5	Being a new parent is both the most wonderful thing in the world and the most stressful. You want to make sure they have the best, but some times that's hard to do. One of the toughest choices is whether to use disposable diapers or cloth, both have their advantages and disadvantages. However if you chose cloth this is the place for you! They have a big selection of covers and diapers to choose from, including the wonderful baby Einstein cover! The customer service is superb and more than willing to walk you though picking out what is exactly right for you. Outside of cloth diapering they have everything from quality toys for your new baby to back support for the new parent. Its a great place and you should give it a try.
4	If you want to Cloth Diaper your baby, this should be your first stop. They offer free Cloth Diaper classes a few times a month that are VERY informative. The owner Shira teaches the class and it was so refreshing because she educated us  about all the different ways you could diaper and did not try to sell us products the whole time. They also has other great products for Mom and baby. Besides diapering items,  I have  purchased a Baltic Amber Teething necklace, toys, and a herbal teething oil. Support local and stop here before going to those other big box baby stores.
5	Love this place. Very helpful picking out my sling!
