2	Fair Trade makes everyone feel good about themselves, they get a better deal and you get a better quality. I'm going to look beyond all this and get down to the nitty gritty.The place is tiny, you could maybe get 15 people in here max. The food is ok, but it's nothing more than light bite. Nothing I would consider a meal. The choice of music will suit today's Radio wankers to a tee and the walls are covered with gig posters that nobody has any interest in.2 saving graces of this place. First is the coffee, which has to be tasted to believed. When I enquired about it, the staff member seemed a little too busy doing nothing to talk to me. Be kind to everyone sir, because some of us will review you!Second is free Wifi, which I'm using right now to do this!
4	Fair Trade Coffee Shop seems to be one of the most popular of all the greasy spoons on Leith Walk. It's a breakfast type place, offering a good fry up and filled rolls. As well as some paninis and cakes. The winner for me is the pancakes. Whenever I am in America I eat pancakes every morning for breakfast. As much as I want to try something else, I am just in love with the American's pancake making skills. Fair Trade Coffee Shop comes dangerously close to the real thing. Apparently the owner has spent a lot of time in America and has worked on getting the perfect pancake batter. Yum.I agree with Stuart, the customer service can sometimes be a little shoddy.
4	Beard?Sandals?Penchant for champagne socialism?Then this is your place.Unfortunately, I have no interest in making poverty history, as without the shameless exploitation of sweatshop workers I wouldn't live the luxurious and costly life I do nowadays, so I'll stick to Starbucks. More unsrupulous than fair perhaps, but unlike the placard waving peaceful protesters, I at least know I'm being honest.
5	Isn't it funny when food tastes better when it isn't yours? Well, there is a similar experience with the coffee here because you know it's fairtrade and thus better for the world. There's quite an earthy feel to this place, as you would imagine there to be, and the staff are nothing short of wonderful. Nice job.Although the things they sell are probably on the more expensive side of things, it's worth it to save the planet from corruption and globalization, right?
4	Very friendly staff makes you feel like a regular even if you only come in a few times a month. Great spot for a quick bite, cuppa coffee or tea and some friendly banter. Fair Trade is not my choice for a sit down breakfast. While there is a seating area, the seats and tables are quite low.I can't say I would send someone here from the other side of town, but it's a cute local spot to frequent if you live on/along Leith Walk. Thanks for the caffeine, guys!
5	Food is delicious (pancakes for my companion, egg roll w tomato, onion & mushrooms for me).  Coffee is superb (I had 7 cups in 2 days and Fair Trade stood out)  and the atmosphere can't be beat. Don't let the corporate coffee shop down the street drive this place out of business! Added bonus - the chef is yummy.  Ladies, get in there just to have a hot guy make you breakfast.
5	Stumbling from my sister's flat in Leith after a night of very little sleep, I had a hankering for a good breakfast before I hopped the bus back to Glasgow.  Low and behold, I spied this wee gem on the Walk and practically hopped skipped and jumped across the road eager for a full Scottish breakfast and a cuppa tea.Coming in out of the cold, I was greeted by a cheery lady behind the counter and we had a bit of banter while I waited for my food.  I was going to take it away and eat on the bus (how uncouth), but decided I should give myself some chill-out time before the long sit in a vehicle and subsequent birthday celebrations.The food was fantastic!  For a full Scottish, it was cooked to perfection, not drowning in grease as many other places serve it, and the ingredients were obviously fresh and super tasty.  The yumminess and a wee herbal tea put an end to my undead shambling that morning.  Next time I'm in Edinburgh, I'll be sure to pop in again.  Thanks for rescuing me from zombification!
2	Fair Trade Coffee Shop is a local no-frills greasy spoon cafe in Leith. I have walked past it so many times, but never stopped by. Today was time to try it out with a couple of fellow yelpers.I had a medium cappuccino and pancakes with strawberries and cream. My coffee was just ok. The pancakes... mm what can I say. Well I ate the strawberries as they were the most delicious part of the dish. Three fairly big american pancakes with strawberries scattered over and cream. Not whipped cream as I had imagined, but just cream. The pancakes sadly lacked any flavour and they didn't have a good texture either, so I ate only one. The service here is friendly and the whole place has a very informal place and it seems it is visited by regulars a lot.
3	Lured here by the high reviews of others and the high accolades of the pancakes, I was disappointed by my brunch here. I was excited that they not only featured fairly-priced pancakes on the menu but also four different types of pancakes! I went for the chocolate chip pancakes with maple syrup. While it was my choice to go for sweet pancakes, the bready, overly fluffy pancakes were drenched with sickly sweet essence-of-maple syrup (the cheap stuff and not the pure maple syrup). I did eat them all but didn't feel the best afterwords and felt that the pancakes could have had more flavour and that the maple syrup wasn't the best. The redeeming part of my breakfast was the mocha, which was fantastic.This place seems frequented by locals on Leith Walk and both young and old came here, but I felt the 'greasy spoon' atmosphere and downtrodden interior weren't the most inviting. Also, the chairs has side tables between them and this made it tricky for eating messy dishes like pancakes with syrup. For me, it wasn't a place where I'd want to sit and chill but perhaps would come here for takeaway coffee sometime down the line.
3	A nice grunge feeling...People and coffee were great!Take a pass on food...
4	Good. Potential for greatness here as well. The pancakes are pretty fab. Tried the brownie pancakes and they are all that and more. The vegetarian breakfast is also very good.Tattie scones! Coffee quite good. Atmosphere is relaxed and homey. Service a little haphazard but extremely friendly and the prices are good. Needs a catchier name. I suggest The Offay Cafe. Will return.
