5	I love this place even though the selection is small. Its very rare to find me in heels because I just have a hard time wearing them! But I found a pair of Chinese Laundry heels at Famous Footwear a few months back and ended up returning them thinking i would never utilize it. What a mistake! Fast forward to today and I found myself looking for some heels for my nine year anniversary date. I looked everywhere and just couldn't find the ones I returned. Thankfully I found this location thanks to my cousin i found a pair that looked similar to what I had! The young man who worked here was very nice and helpful and I was able to make my purchase in less than a few minutes. Even though it was pricey @120, it was definitely worth the trip.
2	I came here on a Saturday around 10am.  I was the only one in the store & the only employee I was aware of was on the phone helping a customer. I was looking around the small store. I understand that she needed to help her but I was standing in front of her for a few minutes to let her know I wanted to try on a pair of shoes. She didn't even acknowledge me in any form or fashion. Yes I could've walked away but I really wanted a cute pair of shoes so I waited but I wasn't happy.After a few minutes, another employee walked in from getting coffee for the both of them & she walked to the back of the store. Didn't acknowledge me also.  What was running through my head was what I was going to yelp about them.The lady on the phone finally asked the lady in the back to help me.  The lady was very helpful & nice (I'll give her that).  I tried on the shoes I wanted, purchased them & went on my way.Very poor customer service & to top it off, they were talking about the Steve Madden store right across from them.  Oh how I wanted to say Chinese Laundry doesn't even compare. haha
1	If you're looking for customer service you won't find it here. It's a shame since they do carry a decent product and have added Kristin Cavallari to the selection. Management is horrible. Probably the most ghetto experience I've had in a store. If you are looking to shop at this store, shop at the Fashion Show location. There you will not only find customer service but a level of class.
