5	Today I had tne best hair cut of my life.  The place is cute the people and clients were very nice. My hair cut is excelent and the message was a very pleasent suprise
1	I have never been so dissapointed with a business. I purchased a living social vooucher for this business that included a shampoo, conditioner, hot towel treatment with scalp massage, haircut, blow dry, and style; and a 30 minute manicure and facial. You can imagine that I was quite excited to try a new salon. I called in, and they only had time to do a wash and cut. First put off. Then I had an emergency, so I called in to let them know i would be 20 minutes late or I could reschedule. The answer I got was less than pleasant. I was told because they would be out of 20 minutes, they would only style my hair (not actually wash and cut it) and if that didn't work, they would not permit me to reschedule! They even had the nerve to ask why I was going to be late. Inappropriate much! This is definitely the wrong way to gain new customers!
5	I have been going to Delfina Salon for over two years now, and I really don't know were to begin as far as my experience with this Salon. Let me start off by saying that I have never met an owner as sweet, caring, and hard working as Denise.  Not only is her customer service great she really goes over your hair care needs and makes great suggestions for your type of hair.  When I went in my hair was damaged and brittle now it's better than EVER. It's full and even.....  I can't thank her enough. Every time I leave her salon I feel beautiful and happy. Her prices are amazing.  I always recommend her salon to my friends and family.
5	I have loved going to Delfina Salon for the past seven years! Denise goes above & beyond your typical customer service. Last week she went shopping for me to add to my 50's attire for a party while my hair was processing. Who does that?Denise always makes me look my best!
5	I was like "WOW" before even walking in... what a beautiful little place located in the Historic District. I found this Salon on Yelp and decided to take my 8 year old daughter to get her hair trimmed. This place is awesome. My daughter loved the look of this Salon and was very happy with the service and attentive Denise gave her. You must request Denise and try to schedule an early appointment!
