5	Applebees is Applebees.Consistantly good service and clean.I have never been served a bad meal.The people are warm and friendly.This particular Applebees is different from others I've been to, in that it is never crowded.The desert "Shooters" are just right.  Not too big and not too small.A winner.
2	Service was ok... My pasta was over cooked .
2	Applebee's is your regular bar/grill chain restaurant.  This one is very basic and easy to describe.Like all other Applebee's Serivce is decent, nothing over the topFood is somewhat infrequently in quality but maintains portions.
2	I don't really like Applebees, but we had a gift card so we decided to order Carside to Go.We arrive to pick it up and no one came out, then we notice that other Carside people are coming to their cars from the inside. Not a good sign!Hubby went inside and he said there was a lot of servers standing around but the poor server in charge of Carside was packing the food, trying to take orders coming in, etc.We got home and opened are food and the 3 sides of ranch we had requested were missing. Bummer. I had the roast beef sliders, they were supposed to have cheese, and I remarked to my hubby "Wheres the cheese, I opened the slider bun and there was the tiiny cheese, its pretty bad when a cheese slice is so small it can hide under a slider bun..My hubby had the cheese burger..he said it was nothing great and sadly all the fries were limp from sitting in the to go boxes too long probably..(on another note what does it take to get good fries in this town!)Overall, meh, will we go back..not likely unless we get another giftcard or unadventurous out of town family make us:)
3	This past Saturday, my friend, her son, my son, and I met at Applebees to hangout and eat. They have a deal of 2 entrees for $20 with a free appetizer. So, both of us ordered chicken finger baskets for the kids and each of us had the steak, broccoli, and a side order of what we wanted. I had french fries and she had mash potatoes. We both ordered mozzarella sticks. She had a glass of water to go with her meal, I had sierra mist. For the kids, my son had root beer and her son had lemonade. We were too full to eat everything because we had so much food for the four of us plus with the heat here in Las Vegas didn't help us. So we took what was left home for later. The waiter was nice and polite, but the customer service was kinda slow and the thing is IT WAS NOT BUSY!!! The food was good though.
2	Well...What can you say?  This place does ok for what it is supposed to do.   Applebee's has made a lot of sacrifices lately as a company and the menu just continues to slide south.  This location has mixed service.   We have been here twice and the first time it was pretty crazy bad.   The next time it was great.   None of that changed the food.   For what you pay, you are getting cafeteria food.   To that end, you are probably paying too much.   I hope Applebee's figures it out someday.
2	So I went here this weekend with my family and my in laws. It was Saturday and they were pretty quiet to tell the truth.We had a sweet waitress but she kept trying to upsell and it sounded so scripted and honestly it was pretty annoying after the thirds time. MY father in law fell for it though and ordered an appetizer.Overall the food was ok, it was pretty hot. My hubby ordered a side salad and it was so small, it was like a handful of lettuce, He said his potatoes and veggies were so salty he didn't eat much. I had  sliders and fries, the fries were nice and crispy, but overall it was just ok.Its not a place I would choose to eat out, but its ok in a pinch....
1	If zero stars was an options, that's what I would give. Terrible service and an awful server who argued with me that was salad was sitting in a plate of water. Supposedly it was a sauce, but even if that was true, it was a gross sauce and I asked for all dressing on the side because who really likes wilted lettuce on the bottom? gross.  Bad food I can handle, but bad service only makes things worse.  We wont be back.
1	If I could give a 0 stars, I would. We went to this Applebees yesterday (Saturday night) around 11:30 pm before they were about to close. We ordered a couple of appetizers (half price) and a diet pepsi.The diet pepsi that they served was awful. It had no carbonation. When I told the server, she said they cant do anything about it, but however went back and got me a regular carbonated drink. At that point I knew that this was going to be an awful experience. Our food came and it was OK. Sliders were super dry (meat was charred) but fries were OK. My boneless buffalo wings were good. After we finished we got the check and then all customer experiences went south. First they brought our bill which were not discounted. When I pointed that out, our server said that it was a mistake and would correct it. When the corrected bill came, they still had overcharged me for the sliders. The normal sliders were $8.79 and they charged me $4.99 for half price. I don't know where they do their math, but perhaps they should take a basic arithmetic course to learn to divide. She corrected it and we left the place with a horrible experience. Strangely, the manager never came to apologize or say anything about the whole incident. That really is unacceptable when you are making double errors in your service.Needless to say, we are never going to go back there. I think this store has gotten enough negative reviews over the past and it should not be even open. Really , really bad experience.
3	Great service from Christian. The truth is sometimes I just want good old WT food. The food is greasy and good. To many people want to rate places by comparing them to one of the best steakhouses. I try to rate it for what it is. It's a good place to go for some good greasy food. I enjoyed everything I had there!
4	We had great service, and really good food. Went for lunch, and Ceyda was our server. Super nice, and came back many times to see if we needed anything.  Each of us had the Pick N Pair. The salads and sandwiches we chose were great. Fresh ingredients, and everything was at the perfect temperature.
1	Stopped in for lunch with the wife. The place was deserted. We ordered the 2 for $20 deal, which is an appetizer to share and 2 entrees. We had our drink order taken immediately and we were served our drinks quickly. We waited about 35 or 40 minutes after getting our drinks with no food. I asked the server where the food was and she went into the back. When she didn't return after another 5 minutes, I saw the manager. I asked her if the kitchen was actually open or not. She looked surprised. I let her know that we had been waiting 40 minutes by that point. She promised a resolution and went into the kitchen.After about 8 minutes, they delivered an order of Mozzarella Sticks to our table as our appetizer. The problem was that we didn't order that. We had ordered chicken wings. They left the Mozz sticks anyways and then went back into the kitchen. It was about 60 minutes from the time we were seated to when the appetizer and entrees we had ordered actually appeared at our table.The manager came by to apologize. There was no explanation offered. And we got $5 taken off the check.There are at least 20-30 other places for lunch within 3 miles of this place. I'd make this your last choice of all of them. Try the Spicy Pickle on Eastern and St Rose instead. There's also a Five Guys Burgers and a Chipotle.
4	I had a soup and salad lunch combo (French onion soup and Caesar salad) for $5.99. So far I am liking this place. Jessica  was my server and she was friendly and prompt. I had a good experience here for lunch!
1	Went here one time & the bartender had zero personality. Made our experience really boring especially for a Friday night, it made sense why there were only 5 people there in the whole restaurant. Food was decent, but we will not be returning. At least when I bartend I say hi to all my customers and have small talk so I receive bigger tips than most. Just put a smile on your face & be cheerful makes a huge difference then being cold to everyone at the bar top..
4	What can you say about Applebee's, they are all pretty much the same food wise IMO. The food is standard, you know what to expect if you've eaten here before. Inconsistency is with service. You never know what you're going to get. I've always had a good experience with the service at this location. So I'm a fan!
4	Food was good, nice location, and we had a great server(Melinda).
1	AWFUL!!! Service was great.  We left and ordered Chinese to pick up. Nuff said!!!!
1	Are you kidding me? I've enjoyed frozen dinners better than Applebee's. Oh, but Applebee's is frozen food , right? When you are familiar with fresh food , this is not for you.
4	It's been awhile since we patronized this Applebee's. We have had bad experience a few years ago. We went there the other day and was served by Josh who was pleasant. The food we ordered was delicious. My fave was the pretzels appetizer. The Manager on duty came by to our booth and say hi. We had a very nice night at this location. Thanks!
1	First, of all where do I start....hahaha the server took forever to greet us. When I ordered my drink, I said I didn't like it and got another one. She took 5 to 8 mins to get me my drink. Her customer service skills suck and they seemed too occupied to pay attention to anything you do. I can tell you one thing I don't come here for the customer service it's horrible. The food was not that great and the service was slow and disappointing. Then offer me a $50 dollar gift card on top of that haha what a joke if I spent $50 or something. I regret coming here and won't be ever coming back. Horrible service, no wonder most of them closed down in California from where I am from because they suck compared to other restaurants. I'm not happy and wasted $45. Don't come here ever. On top of that the walls and tables were covered with ANTS....how gross! This is a gross place to eat and unhealthy.
1	Omg can food take any longer.. There is no one even in here.. Dam now i know why this place has 2 stars..
3	First time I came here I had the quesadilla burger thought it was good...second time I felt like I had eaten something that was goona burst through my chest...service is slow ..its average at best.....fine for belly fillings...bring maalox :)
2	7:53 happy your cold food really why these restaurants suck so freaking much thank god for good company
2	Usually, the service and food aren't too bad, but dinner last night made me change my mind.  When we walked through the door, we were greeted by the crowd of customers waiting for tables. Looked in the seating area and noticed it was only a little over half full. I guess it's too much work to wipe off a table and put a new place setting there.Instead of cleaning the regular tables, the hostess led our party to the raised table surrounded by the uncomfortable bar stools. I guess she didn't notice the 85 year old woman with us (my mother visiting for the holidays). When we said we didn't want to eat our meal on bar stools, the hostess responded in a very snooty voice "Well, then you'll have to go back to the waiting area while we clean one of these tables off just for you".It takes several minutes for them to get their rears in gear and actually clean tables like they're supposed to do. We sit down, and my mother asks the hostess if they accept the senior discount card, and she says (in her usually snooty voice) "I don't know anything about that, I've only been here for two weeks, and this is my last day". Well, at least we now know where the bad attitude is coming from.The food wasn't bad, and our waiter, Nathan, did a fantastic job from start to finish. The whole experience was degraded by that bitchy hostess. I'm glad Applebees got rid of her.
3	This place used to be fun to go to when I was younger, it is not the same as I remember. And the food is just soso.
4	I was in the area and decided to come here for lunch. My waiter was friendly as he waited on me and kept returning frequently to refill my water glass. I ordered off the lunch menu and my food was delicious and not expensive.While I ate, I was in perfect view of a TV on SportsCenter which I liked. Too bad there were no subtitles.
3	We went here for a late dinner. It wasn't very crowded. We ordered a appetizer platter to share. The food was ok. They have a guy playing live music on Monday nights. The music wasn't bad but the jokes were. We were sitting at a table behind the guy but I think his base was too high or something. Our ears were vibrating. Also, he announced he takes requests and a girl brought him a note with some songs to play. He said he didn't know any of them except one by the eagles. He refused to play that one but would play another song by them. Good idea to have live music. Suggestion: get someone who knows more songs and turn down the base!
2	Very disappointed that they took off the lime chicken on 2 for 20 so I don't go there anymore.  Service so so and the cocktails are pre measured an weak. Better places to go.
5	Spoiled brat I am! When I come to this Applebee's I get nothing but fantastic service. The food is quick and delicious. Service is usually very prompt, and cooked to perfection! Thanks Courtney behind the bar at night! Thanks Nathan R for customizing my orders just for me! (Picky & in the industry!)  see you guys soon! Gina
2	This location of Applebee's was disappointing. We stopped in for a quick dinner.  It was during their happy hour (3-6pm) so some of the appetizers were 1/2 off.  We wanted to try their chicken quesadilla. It was full of chicken, bacon and cheese.  Actually this was probably the best part of dining here.  For our meal we split the chicken fajita rollup with french fries.   A long long time ago, this used to be my favorite thing to order here.   Boy have times changed.  It really wasn't great.  The french fries they served with it were horrible.  My body dehydrated after eating one because of all the salt they dumped on them.   I had to drink a lot water after one french fry. Needless to say I didn't eat anymore. Service here really lacked.  I think our waiter/bartender just rolled out of bed.  There wasn't any sense of courtesy or personality.  Sorry Applebee's but I think you dropped the ball...  and it rolled away.
1	Best service ever, but worse food ever odered the pasta shrimp dish with a Caesar salad (build a combo lunch).  The salad part was great the shrimp dish sucked.  Menu made it sound like you were really get something special wrong move on my behalf for trusting the pictures.  What I got looked like a granny snack at a rest home.  Not that I'm a pig but the pasta was gone in 3 bites the little piece of bread and salad gone just as fast.  Then there's the iced Tea brown water with no taste, if it wasn't for the lemon I'd would of been hurting.   My wife's salad had avocado somewhere in it along with strwberries in it.  Absolutely did not even resemble the picture in the menu same goes for her sandwich.  Meal was very disappointing if minus stars were allotted, my vote is a negetive 3.  Sorry Applebees you shouldn't brag about about bad.  (Still hungry).
5	We had a great experience here.  There was a party of 12 of us.  The wait staff was friendly and courteous.  The food was very good.  I had their special of a strip steak with grilled Vidalia onions and a wedge salad.  The other had different dishes.  All of them were prepared well and came out hot.  We all agreed that this was a great experience and we will be back in the future.
2	Meh. It's applebees so I already knew what to expect. I personally prefer Chili's, but grandma wanted to go here. I didn't think it would be as bad as it was. I ordered a steak off the 2 for $20 menu and it had no seasoning whatsoever. Even the gobs of A1 I used didn't help. It came with veggies and mashed potatoes which I got "loaded" for an extra $1.99. Loaded comes with bacon and cheese, but there was hardly any bacon and the cheese wasn't even melted. The sweet and spicy boneless wings I got for my appetizer were good, but that's about it.
3	Ok I was impressed when I saw that each table had a sort if tablet/point of sale/virtual waiter! You could order, call a real waiter, look at the menu and even pay! It was very interactive... We ordered a margarita, and a cherry limeade! Both tasted fake! The appetizer was good, but again, there isn't too much to screw up on a dip and tortilla chips. The main course was were the problem really was... I had the Napa chicken, but it felt more like south east LA chicken. No more comments!  I couldn't even finish it. Oh , also, it's te to shampoo the carpet. I could smell it. But I guess that's what I get for 2for $25!
3	My husband and MIL -love- this place, me not as much. The food does little to please me, it tastes like microwaved frozen food most times. I have learned to be content eating the Asian grilled chicken salad, and it's not bad. The service is good, no problems there. The triple chocolate meltdown is the high point eating the entire meal here, IMHO!
1	Buh-rutal!,  went there for a quick dinner last night with my daughter. After taking our order our waitress disappeared. Overheard gentleman next to us send back his food. Our order came and I received a plate of "ribs" that looked like a pile of dog food..turned out to be the wrong type of ribs AND no one ever checked on us so...ate some fries and began the long wait for our check and to have my horrific order removed from bill. A different waitress listens to our complaints and handles it quickly and nicely. Original waitress now reappears and puts bill on table without any knowledge of other conversation we just had with other waitress. And no apology or even acting like her disappearance was anything other than normal!  LOL! In this time another large party was sat down next to us and after being ignored for over 20 minutes they all got up and left....I'm sure by now you get it! Stay away!!!
1	It's really hard to rate this... Nathan the bartender was really nice and professional but I'm assuming who would be the manager was very rude and unprofessional yelling at employees in front of customers.  Made me really uncomfortable.  My food was great Nathan was great but John the Manager you should never talk to people that way let alone in front of others.
3	Typically we have some bad service at this location but this time around it wasn't bad at all. We had the Chicken Tacos from their happy hour menu and really enjoyed them! Well worth it for Happy hour. I enjoy the tablet option they now have. We using have Applebee's late night so it's fun to get some games or entertainment going at the table especially with the kids. I wish this location had more consistency with their service. I have had visits where I have waited 10 mins or more for a refill then I have visits like this one. I give it 3 starts for its inconsistency and honestly the food quality just isn't there it is Applebee's so I don't expect the best but I know that there is no care in putting these meals together.
2	We got seated quickly, waiter started off bringing the wrong drink for my son. VICTOR is the waiters name. He took our order so quickly but we wanted an appetizer since is was happy hour. But he took over 20 mins to come back and said it was past happy hour time. My sons food has refills on the fries and he told us it doesnt but menu says it does. Then he said is 99 cents and should of told him from the beginning  of the order. I will never eat here again if my server is VICTOR. This man needs to be fired. The ladys next to us complained to the Manager about him. Wow fire VICTOR
1	What a joke! There were barely any patrons dining when we arrived, we were sat, and no one bothered to come back to check on us again... it's not like we were seated in a back corner,  we were in the middle of the room!!!   I make a comment to the bartender that no one has taken our drink orders yet..... I might as well have been invisible. After 14min and no one still has acknowledged our table, we just left... and ate at Chili's. Won't return here ever!
4	We stop in this Applebee's location frequently and are never disappointed.  I like that they always add new dishes to the menu so it doesn't get boring.  And we can usually get old favorites that might not be on the current menu (like a riblet basket). We usually sit at the bar and service is great.  Nate and Angela are super nice bartenders too.Had the triple bacon burger last time I went and it was very flavorful.  I did ask for extra sauce though.This time I had Napa chicken which is very good with a nice amount of mushrooms and zucchini.And I highly recommend the potato twists when you go for a snack..they are fantastic!
