5	I was eagerly awaiting the opening of this bar since it's owned by a couple of local guys and I love supporting local businesses. (Especially local businesses where I can get drizzunk.) I was intrigued by the name and came to find out from the bar tender working that during the prohibition era a "blind pig" was another term for a speakeasy. While I can't say that I get excited when I see another storefront turn into a bar in the Southside, at least it's locally owned.The interior, while small, will seat a few tables at the bar and a few more in the back dining area. We've even taken a group of 6-8 people a few times and they managed to accommodate us. The front of the business is one big window which is nice, natural light and the ability to watch all those silly girls in big girls shoes stumble by. The walls are white with black script hand lettering. I have to admit, I don't know what it all says though.Another fun fact, the ladies bathroom has a black sink and toilet. Every time I go in there I feel like I should be doing coke in a power suit with huge shoulder pads and teased out hair while talking about my stocks.They have great specials every single day of the week for drinks. Not to mention a single pizza slice special after 9pm every day.Speaking of pizza, HOLY BRICK OVEN PIZZA, BATMAN. It's the only food I've ordered from here but I have tried all but one of the varieties they offer. It's amazing. The descriptions on the menu are hilarious and every single pizza is great. I'll just leave it at the phrase, "meat sweats." (Their words not mine, I'm not that funny.)Sadly the place is usually pretty empty. Bad for the bar but great for me. They have two big flat screens right over the bar. Those who like the sports should be able to get their afternoon/evening dose of athleticism. If you are looking for somewhere new to go have dinner and drinks on the Southside, this is a great place to stop.
5	This spot just opened up a few months ago. Definitely a favorite place on South Side. It's got it all - cheap beers, killer pub grub (try the wraps and pulled pork rolls!) and crazy-friendly staff. Grab a quiet pint and chat with the cool staff earlier in the day, then party it up weekend nights. Def eat here though, it's delish.
5	I was recently honored by the bar manager with the much sought after status of 'regular' - I won't put his name here in case he's not cool with that. At The Blind Pig they do this in an official way; you get a bar napkin with your name printed on it in a Sharpie and they store it in an accordion folder behind the bar. It seems silly but when you get one you feel like celebrating. Took me about 3 months to earn mine, and I am told that is a new record. Maybe I should be frightened instead of honored, but oh well.Since 'the Pig has done me an honor this weekend, I thought I'd return the favor with a review.Well as you have read in other posts, its a great bar with awesome bar food - almost everyone I have introduced to the place loves the pizzas - and the bartenders are incredibly friendly nice folks. Not only the bartenders, of which there are really only two, but the cooks in the kitchen and the weekend door guy, at one point or another I've chatted with all of them - which is not something that happens everywhere you go, and what keeps me coming back as I feel like these folks aren't just people who work at a bar, but new friends.It's the crew of 'the Pig that earns the place 5 stars, the bar space itself is actually nothing special - no gimmicks, just a bar ... but with a really cool paint scheme on the walls using the text from the 18th Amendment to the Constitution - the prohibition one. (Please correct me if I've got the amendment # wrong)You may read in other posts about it being too loud, or food taking some time to come out. My only guess is that these reviewers came on a night where 'the Pig had a rush - there is just one guy in the kitchens, so give him a break eh? :-)  And that is how it is there - boom or bust - as far as the size and noise level of the crowd. I've been there on a Saturday night where it is me, the bartender and one other guy chatting about football or something - you know, kind of dead but not completely boring - then the next Saturday for no apparent reason, you can barely get through the door ... slammed with a crowd of college aged drinkers who come in for the cheap beer specials or $3 bombs from 10  to midnight on the weekend. (at the time of this writing anyway)Anyway folks, check it our next time your doing a little bar stumble down Carson, and tell em Don sent ya ;-) Bet they offer you some kind of special just for saying that heheGood luck!!
3	I stopped by the Blind Pig one Thursday night after having dinner on the southside. From the reviews, I thought this place was going to be great. I was a little disappointed. Although we already had dnner, we did ordered a few appetizers to munch on- a cheese pizza and the BBQ pork nachos. The pizza was very plain. Even a little garlic powder and oregano would have made this bland pizza shine a little more. The nachos were a little disappointing as the BBQ sauce was not actually on the pork. It looked like they squirted BBQ sauce from a bottle on top of the nachos. I've had better bar food in many places. On the other hand, I felt that the drinks were good and reasonably priced. They had festivus beer on tap. I'm not sure which I love more, the beer or the holiday. When we first arrived, the bar was very quiet with only a few other people. However, it did start to fill up as the night went on when, which I'm guessing was due to "Yinz call it." All in all, not a bad place to stop on the southside for casual drinks but, I wouldn't suggest the food.
4	I was in need of a late dinner and surprisingly could not find many decent options in the Southside. I always thought they were known for their late-night options, but that might just be on the weekends and when school is in session. Plus, I didn't want "drunk food"; it just happened to be very late but I still wanted a decent meal.I had the Turkey Ranch Sandwich with a side of fries at the Blind Pig. While this was definitely not healthy, it was delicious and it did the job. The fries were a thicker cut and not overly salted, and the bread on the sandwich tasted like it had been baked that same day. All in all, the place is a dive but I was quite happy with the food and will be back next time I'm in need of a late dinner.
5	Dropped in last night looking for a late night bite at 10pm and was pleasantly surprised the kitched was open till 1am and their appetizers were all half off.  I ordered the Steak Calzone, bruschetta and nachos.  All 3 were DELICIOUS and I would recommend them to anyone.  As a previous posted said- it's a shame this place isn't more crowded because their beer prices are very reasonable and their food prices are pretty damn good.  There's always some sort of special here.  If you've never been- you owe it to yourself to try this place...!
3	I stopped here after another bar where my date got me tipsy. Sooo food was our next plan. We ordered some pulled pork Calzone type thing. With cheese and barbecue sauce in it. For Bar food it was pretty decent and it did the job for two people. I did not try any drinks or beer but he enjoyed his. It was quiet but it was a week night late around 12-1am. Staff were friendly and helpful when we couldn't decide what to try. I also like how they have it decorated with the whole black and white thing going on. Overall not a bad place to stop in.
5	Great atmosphere! Incredible bartenders. Always have great beers on draft, which are always changing. Make sure to check out  their menu. Great apps, pizzas and so many delicious rolls. Did I mention the bacons covered quesadillas? Definitely the go to spot in south side: never crazy but always a good crowd. Check out their specialty cocktails, you won't be disappointed. Awesome specials everyday. Half off apps on the daily. Kitchen's open til 1. If you're new to the areas or trying to avoid the big clubs, this is definitely the place to be at. Also a service industry hotspot for sure. Much love for Jay, Meg, Ryan, Mike and everyone else: so personable, so nice, always a good time!
4	May even up this to 5 stars once I try more...pork roll was out of this world and it was definitely an intriguing menu.  Also conveniently located down that end of the south side where there isn't as much good food, but still a decent amount of bars.   I'll be back!
5	5 stars does not adequately represent how fantastic this bar is. If I could I would give it 1000. The bartender Jay is super helpful and friendly, they have the most phenomenal food ever seen at a bar (as others have said, the pork roll is the bees knees), and their plethora of specials give my poor college wallet a breather. It is a travesty that more people don't know about this place. Go there, eat, love, and tell your friends. You'll be glad you did.
3	They don't serve PBR. The beer selection was alright but everyone that's stating "cheap" beer must be drinking the 3.00 Miller Lite drafts. Everything else was typical South side prices. The menu mostly consists of pizza and pizza dough items and they had no pizza dough prepared. It's Friday at 6:45pm, I'd think the kitchen would have dough prepared. The food itself is typical bar food. Pork nachos weren't too bad.
4	I love this place. They gave great specials. The food is above average for bar food. The atmosphere is great because it doesn't get too crowded. The staff is friendly. I only wish they had a better craft beer selection
5	Great specials, good beer selection,  and a unique menu. Every time I have been there the food has been amazing. Best kept secret in southside.
