1	ok, let me be straight with you. i hate paying full price for anything. yes, i'm one of those people. i love a coupon. i love a discount. and i absolutely love a bargain! but i don't like to feel dirty when i leave a store. i felt really, really dirty when i left this store. ewwwwww. this is a yucky ross. dirty, dirty, dirty! the floors and clothing racks were filthy. i couldn't have bought something even if i wanted to because the store was so gross - i got black "stuff" on my hand after touching a clothing rack. the floor was so discolored i'm not sure what the original color was. parts of the store's floor were sticky. many of the clothes had indistinguishable marks on them, presumably from the dirty hangars and racks they are stored on. selection was meager, there wasn't a single shoe, bag, wallet, sock or home decor item that caught my eye. the trip was a waste of an hour that i'll never get back. never, ever again.
4	Another hit or miss Ross, but I've found some great bargains on Michael Kors clothing here.I've also gotten designer sunglasses that I would have paid more for! A great place for women with patience. I often have to try on several things and only leave with a few, but I've found several great basics of finer quality for my wardrobe.Also, the dressing room associates are friendly. No one here seems to hate their job, and the store is kept up nicely. The cashiers are quick.
3	Friendly staff compared to other Ross's I have been to. found few good items. place was not to unorganized.
1	Worst return policy in town!  The store manager did not even respect me, the paying customer, enough to come to the customer service desk to discuss a requested return. I tried to return a brand new dress with the tags attached and the original receipt, however, because I purchased the item more than 30 days ago they refused to issue me a credit to my Visa.  I was given a store credit.  My fiance tried to return a defective bottle of cologne this past weekend (the pump spray stopped working) and they would not exchange the defective item for a working item. We will be taking all of our business away from Ross and shopping at other discounters like Target, Anna's Linens, Tuesday Mornings, TJ Maxx, anywhere but Ross.
4	Very clean and well organized when I was there on an early Sunday morning.  It was easy to browse through shirts and shoes, which isn't always the case at Ross locations.  The cashier was nice and attentive despite the rudeness of the customer just prior to me - she bounced back well, so kudos to her!I'll definitely head back to this location for more.
2	I just got off work and I decided I was going to swing by Ross to pick up some bras. I came in found what I needed and went to pay for it. The cashier was trying to be friendly and ask how my day was. I said I just got off work he then he says and I quote "why you are bra shopping at this time of night, I find it strange were discussing this" mind you he was around 16-18 years old I was some what embarrass he was talking to me about it and it none if his business what I buy.
3	I went to Ross to get curtains and rods. The pricing was great. Saved me a lot of money. I'd check at Ross before Anna's Linens. Downside: You can't take the cart out of the store which makes it a bit difficult to buy several big items. The cashier was a bit confused on how to package my 6 big curtain rods. I mentioned about them helping me out in which they were non-responsive. How did I get my items out? 3 trips out to the car which wasn't a big deal. Also the loss prevention guy kept staring at me which was awkward.
3	Always kinda half empty store... The one at Desert Ridge is a bit better and cleaner, Happy Valley one is good too.
