4	there are two parts to quivey's - the stable grill and the stone house. both buildings - built in the 1850s- are part of the national register of historical places. they're beautiful and home-y. i've only eaten at the stable grill, and that during uw's graduation weekend, so it was pretty crowded with family folk. i'm not sure what a normal weekend looks like there, but i'd definiely be back to try it again. it's my understand that the stone house is the fancier of the two buildings since the stable grill has a bar and is a little more laid back. but the grill is nice. it's not an applebees, not your neighborhood bar. if i wanted a nice steak and expected to spend a fair amount of money and wanted a good meal to take my family or visiting friends to, this would be it. i think the stable house may be more ideal for smaller parties? anyway, the food's great. the atmosphere is excellent. it's a great great spot.
3	Check out the Stable Grill for some classic Wisconsin cooking.  Excellent beer selection and filling dinners.  All in what's basically a fancied-up barn.  And unless she's chatting about her 4H days, probably not a great date place.The fish fry is really outstanding. Skip the fries and get the parmesan potatoes. However, any other day of the week, the food, while good, is forgettable.
3	Grade: CThis once classic now relies on its past. Been there. Done that.
4	Quivey's Grove covers a lot of of ground when it comes to dining options.  There are two seperate restaurants on the property, the Stone House and the Stable Grill, as well as an outdoor tent called the Paddock where there is a Friday fish fry and at other times picnics and barbeques.  I've been to Quivey's quite a few times and I've always been impressed by how well they pull off the different aspects of all of these options.  I personally prefer going to the Stable Grill for lunch, as this is a bit easier on the wallet.The Stone House is a very old mansion that has been converted to a formal restaurant.  The entrees are all named after historical Wisconsin figures, as in the Dewey pork, named after the first state governor.  The walls are decorated with antiques and other historic relics from Wisconsin's past.  I recently had dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday, and we were seated in a small room on the second level, completely private and with a small window looking out to the lawn.  It was a great experience.  My meal (the aforementioned Dewey pork) was excellent, and I especially enjoyed the side salad with a citrus vinagrette and strawberry and apple slices.  On previous occasions I have always been seated downstairs in the main dining area since my grandmother doesn't handle steps all that well.  The prices for entrees here are certainly on the high side - mine was over $20 - but the service is impeccable and the atmosphere is well worth it for special occasions.  The only drawback to the evening was my drink - too light on the J&B and too heavy on the water.  Also, the Stone House is the only part of Quivey's that takes reservations.The Stable Grill is a much more affordable option for repeated visits.  The building is a renovated barn and the decor keeps with theme.  Some of the tables are made of old wagon wheels.  It's a livelier place, and on weekends a piano player is in the bar (he happens to be a UW professor and I took one of his classes my last semester).  The entrees and sandwiches are named after local towns, and both the lunch and dinner menus are well balanced.  I especially like the Middleton perch filets and Paoli beef tenderloin.  The prices are a step lower here, and there are nightly specials for each day.  My favorite is the Monday tenderloin special.There is also an outdoor element to Quivey's in the form of a big tent in the lawn in front of the Stable Grill.  On Friday nights there is a fish fry special and this is where to bring kids because there are plenty of games and room to run around.  Businesses or groups can also rent this out for lunch picnics or barbeques, and there are sometimes weddings done out on the lawn.  I've been to a barbecue put on by a vendor and it was really well done.  There was pulled pork and smoked brisket sandwiches with Spotted Cow.  An acquaintance of mine had a wedding here too.  I didn't go, but mutual friends have always told me it was a success despite a little inclement weather.    Lastly, there is a beer tasting festival that happens in September.  It's been a favorite of a couple friends of mine and I'm looking forward to going this year.
1	We made the mistake of eating at the Stable Grill. It had been a while since we had been there. The service was terrible. The food was also nothing to write home about. I think it will be another five years before we venture back, if ever again.Very disappointing..
5	I have not much to review as of now, but will update later, as  I have just booked Quivey's for my wedding in August 2009. If anyone has had thier wedding here and would like to share with me photos, I am planning the wedding long distance and it would be greatly appreciated.So far, I have talked with the business/ event manager 3 times and she was great each time. I had a long list of questions before I put down a small deposit and she answered each one!
4	One of our staple places - just wish the wait wasn't so long on Friday nights.  Service could be better - the staff is short-witted and have a "get the to point attitude - which is understandable given the popularity of this place.  I also wish they took reservations in the stable.
4	The best place for fish fry but on a few times the staff has been rude and rushes people out too fast.  The food is great though so that makes up for it.
5	Love the Stable Grill. Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere. So romantic around Christmas. I just wish they had more variety on the menu. We try to go here often.
4	I've only been in the Stone House during restaurant week. However, I was very impressed. The restaurant has a great homey atmosphere. They give fresh muffins instead of bread, that were even warm when we got them. Plus, our waitress was nice enough to wrap up the ones we didn't eat. My food was delicious and filling. Definitely will be back.
2	I just don't get it.  I read all these reviews and I was expecting some delicious dinner.  Instead what I got was what could be found in any kitchen in the county.  Under-seasoned and over-cooked meat and potatoes.  Obviously Quivey's Grove really DOES cater to the midwestern palate.
3	The Stone House - pricey and slower paced.The Stable Grill - more sandwichySorry to say the place has slipped....another victim of popularity.But I've come here for the ambience, the history, the property itself, the buildings themselves.  The ability I have to steep myself in the history.I even like looking at the stones.  (see website pics)As to the food....unfortunately, slipped in quality along with the service.  It's still good but price/value at the Stone House is definitely down while the Stable Grill is more, well ---- stable.Never been to the parties - the fish frys, barbeques, or picnics and the like - so no comment on those. The bottom line is OK, if pricey, food in a wonderful environment.   If you're looking for fabulous food, not here.  If you enjoy the environment at least as much as the food you want, order the basics to be safe.
4	Good, hearty, Wisconsin fare. I've eaten more at the Stone House and it's definitely a cut above the Stable Grill. My favorite dish at the Stone House (and one of my favorites in Madison) is the Pork Goodall: tender pork, a delicious apple butter cream sauce, roasted apple chunks, and sweet potato hash browns (with bacon, black walnuts, and brandy...absolutely amazing).
4	Thursday nights special is a plate of ribs with a side of potatoes drenched in cream and a smidge of sweet cranberry sauce.  I order a full rack of beef ribs.  There were about 12 ribs.  Mm... It was good!The place is low key, with dark wood furnishings and moderate light, but also with pretty loud pop/contemporary music.  I sat upstairs.  The waitress was very pleasant.  The meal came with bread and butter, which I loved.  It tasted so good I had to try to not to fill myself up before my entree arrived.  MM... the ribs were good.  I love meat and starch, so this was a lovely meal.
2	Quick review: Closer to 2.25 stars.  Tried the Friday night fish fry at Quivey's and wasn't terribly impressed.  Baked fish and perch were ok; deep fried cod was soggy, as were fries.  Service in the Stable Grill was quite lacking.  Averaged $20 per person with 1 drink.Detailed review:A few coworkers had been raving for months to us about Quivey's Grove - they insisted it was the "best fish fry you'll ever have."  So, we rounded up the crew and hit Quivey's, hoping to score a stellar fish fry.We placed our name for a table in the Stable Grill and were told the wait would be about 45 minutes to an hour, and that was with us arriving almost immediately at 5:00pm.  I can't imagine how long the wait would be later on at night!The Stable Grill has a ton of character - it scores bonus points for the huge timber-frames and the awesome wooden bar.  Beer selections, while not countless, were really nicely represented - from Ale Asylum to Tyranena - nearly every one was a specialty Wisco microbrew.  Beers were $4 for a pint.While waiting, we ordered the cheese curds, which were served with a mustard side (interesting combo).  They were decent curds, but probably not worth $7.  As they sat, they became greasier - usually a sign of a fryer that's not up to a hot enough temperature.We were led to our table at around 6:15, and were presented with menus.  As mentioned by others, the traditional menu at the Stable is geared toward sandwiches, many of which looked and sounded interesting, but we were here for the fish.Fish options include: baked cod, deep fried cod, or deep fried lake perch.  Potato options are limited to parmesan potatoes or fries.  All come with coleslaw and a really nice bread - the bread was dense and flavorful, soft and chewy, with just a hint of crustiness.  You can order the deep fried cod with an all you can eat option for an extra $1.50.  I opted for the sampler, which got me a serving of each type of fish, and I chose fries as my side, because everyone else at the table went with the cheesy potatoes.  Plates arrived after a 20-30 minute wait.  The baked cod was mediocre - slightly watery, very mild in flavor, featured a firm and meaty texture, but wasn't terribly flaky.  My guess is that it had been sitting in a steam warmer for a while - it didn't taste "fresh from the oven."The deep fried lake perch was good.  Firm texture, good fish flavor, and featured a nice crumbly breading that stayed fairly crisp throughout the entire meal.  If I were to come back to Quivey's, I'd go with the perch.The deep fried cod was a major let-down.  It was actually soggy when it arrived; the beer batter wasn't crisp, but instead spongey.  The fish itself was flavorless and extremely watery as well.  This fish had clearly been sitting for a long time before it was plated... argh.The fries were as limp as any bad drive-thru fry I've ever had.  I ate about four of them and left the rest to sit.  I'm told the cheesy potatoes were ok, but some people's were cold as well.After polling the five members of my group, the general feeling was that Quivey's failed to deliver.  The fish was slightly below average, many items were cold, and everyone's deep fried cod was soggy and unappealing.  Service was slow and sparse as well.Quivey's Grove = FAILFood = 2 starsService = 2 starsValue = 1.5 stars ($17 sampler plate; $14 for baked fish?)MISC = 3.5 stars (nice atmosphere, decent bar area)Perhaps we had a mediocre experience because it's lenten season and they were slammed?  I'd be hard-pressed to try the fish again, but I'd consider sampling some of the other food options.  Sorry Quivey - you've got a cool pad, but that's about all you've got going for you.
2	Went here for our anniversary, which lands on St. Patty's Day, so to avoid the mayhem of Guinness chugging, we ate in the Stone House rather than the Stable Grill. Sadly, the best part of my meal was the warm muffins that they serve in lieu of rolls(that day it was Irish Oatmeal and Raisin). They were so moist and yummy...but then it just went down from there. I chose one of the three meals they offer for around $17 that comes with a cup of soup and a glass of wine--which I have to admit is a nice price. The soupwas good, but the salad I had him order so we could trade was SWIMMING in low-quality blue cheese dressing. My chicken and biscuits were disappointing as well. The biscuit was overdone, and the rest was an over salted gelatinous...thing. He liked his pretzel crusted fish(perch, I think), but we both agreed that the Parmesan potato(a wad of cheesy hash browns) was undercooked, and cool in the middle. Hm. We were both glad we didn't get any of the pricier entrees, in case the quality was on the same level. After our meal, we did go through the wine cave and tunnel to the Stable Grill and thought it would be a good place for drinks and apps. All in all, not a place I'm going to be dropping my money at, though.
5	The consensus opinion among the eight people at our table is that Quivey's has the best Friday fish fry we've tried. It also has a really interesting ambiance, with a fun underground tunnel connecting the quieter, more formal seating in the Stone House to the more casual dining in the Stable Grill. For a night out with our family and a family of friends, it's a lot better to eat in the Stable Grill portion of the restaurant, rather than the (more formal) Stone House: the Stable is more suited to our boisterous group, but you'll still want to walk through the tunnel to the wine cave and the Stone House, just to look around if you have to wait for a table. (They do a brisk business, so it's best to call ahead.) Also, the cheese curds are only available in the Stable Grill portion (and the kids like these even better than the ones at The Old Fashioned, though the parents might split hairs on that one).
3	It was ok.  Not as fancy as it sounded on the website.  The service was decent.  I would have figured the server would have asked what wine I'd like with my steak but the subject never came up.
4	I enjoyed my selection and the service.  Wide enough menu selection to make my family happy.
3	Went to the house part for restaurant week. The setting is unique. The food is about average, but perhaps it is a little overpriced for the portions received. Not bad, but I probably won't come back until my folks are in from out of town. I also want to try the grill part that is the barn. Maybe that's more my style.
3	This is my favorite place to come for fish fry (fish and chips to anyone outside of the Midwest).  There's not one thing I dislike about this dish here.  Perfectly battered cod with a crispy outside and moist flaky center, perfectly cooked and seasoned fries, and a great tarter sauce (so often overlooked).  It is all you can eat which includes both the fries and the cod.  There's no reason you should leave this place hungry.   One plate is usually enough anyways. If you like the Friday fish fry but want to avoid the crowd I would suggest visiting Quivey's on a Wednesday.  They offer the same all you can eat special for both lunch and dinner but without the hour and a half wait.  So about the service.  The last few times I've been here the service has been great.   Unfortunately this hasn't always been the case, and I've known others that have had a similar experience.  I hope things have turned around.  I really enjoy dinning here and for a time the food was the only thing I found exceptional.
3	Good but not great. After three visits we have given up on the place. I would like it to be better but for the price it just makes me yawn. Nothing exciting or compelling here.
4	The Quivey's Grove Stone House is a great option for date night. The lighting in low, the tables are spaced well and the low noise level promotes conversation. I enjoyed the traditional Wisconsin (German) food despite it being very rich. Expect to eat a nice, slow meal with multiple courses. The only set back is the wine/beer list, short and not often modified. I'd recommend reservations as the restaurant is small and a popular site for private parties. I also recommend their lamb dish. The service in the Stable Grille is a step down from that in the Stone House. The bar area is relaxed but small. The bartenders are average. The dining area is unique, with a picnic table style set up. I wasn't terribly impressed by their "Middleton Perch" or "Marxville Chicken."Stone House = 4 starsStable Grille = 2.5 stars
5	Great Fish Fry! Try the Parmesan potatoes, you will not be disappointing. Very affordable fish fry, great atmosphere and service. We tried the pudding for desert which was also delicious! We will be returning and recommending our friends. There are two restaurants, but on Fridays both serve the fish fry. The bar doesn't take reservations and is first come first serve. Usually a 30 min wait, so grab a beer! If you don't want to wait jump over the house and there usually is seating available. We are hoping to experience the barn next time.
4	Great food, keep in mind it's a family run affair. I want to preface this review by saying I'm a huge fan of this place. The Stone House may well be my favorite restaurant. That being said, I simply can't objectively give it 4 stars. It's not a professionally run restaurant. The food is generally great, the appetizer sampler is a must have. Entrees are mostly good, though there are some exceptions. This is the type of place you love for it's character and it's flaws, not despite them. Worth at least one visit, it may not be for everyone, but there is some fantastic food and atmosphere to be had.
3	Went to the Stone House and really enjoyed ourselves!  A little slow on the service, but hey, what's the hurry?!  We dined on a great bottle of wine, fairly priced, and we ate the Madison mushroom app, tried the smoked trout and braised short ribs entree's.  All of which were full of flavor and true to their claim of using local 'Wisconsin' recipes.  The place has a great atmosphere and really does take their diners back to a time when this area was still just farm land.  The only issue was the food was quite rich and I'd normally complain about the somewhat slow service but perhaps we should be more patient and try to slow down a bit.
5	This is a review of their Thursday Nights Jazz in the Grove.We had a very enjoyable evening with some fantastic jazz.  We hope to go back again this year.This is a unique venue for Madison and I hope it continues.   We need more places like this.Thanks Quivey's!
4	Pretty cool place.  The food was good, the ambiance was fantastic.  If you go, make sure you go through the tunnel.  The only downside was the price.
2	We went here on the reviews on spoon and we greatly suprised. The outside and inside decor are classic Wisconsin. However the meal was horrible. They were out of perch so my second choice for dinner was a Kobe burger with blue cheese and bacon. It sounded delicious but it wasn't medium rare. Simply the worst burger I've ever ordered. Cheese curds are good and so was my friend's Ruben but that was it. Service wasn't good and the server took my glass with beer still in it. Still debating on whether or not to give them another shot.
5	The Salomon salad for lunch was simply the best food I have eaten for 11 bucks.  The service was fantastic.  Sometimes I wonder if people who complain about bad service receive bad service because they are not the friendliest people themselves.  I also was here for a grooms dinner and there wasn't a complaint in the party.  My beef tenderloin was awesome!
4	I go to Madison on business and I very much enjoy (and even request) to be taken to Quivey's for dinner.  The older setting and great food are so endearing and provide a great atmosphere.  I always have great food and conversation.  This time I had the ribs and they were good (next time I will have the pork - it was so so great!).  I have heard great things about the Friday Fish Fry but haven't had it myself.  The service is good and the food is great (in that home cooking served with a smile way).  I'll be back again... and again. ;)
3	Two reviews in one day!  GO ME!!!So my wife and I had a date night and Quivery grove was the place!  I have never been before and I know my wife has for lunch and loves the atmosphere so..lets do it.  She loves old historical places and wishes I could love them too.  I told he when she begins to love football, I will begin to love historical places.  I think I am safe.So we get there and were seated immediately.  it was a warm and cozy atmosphere and the people who work there were beyond friendly and nice.  A nice change from my last review.Now down to the "meat" of things, tsss tss.  I ordered the Stuffed Chicken and my wife got the New York strip.  Yes, this is a roll reversal for us but hey....it happens.  Upon biting into my chicken I thought it was bland and lacking flavor.  My wife was not thrilled with her steak either so we switched and she LOVED the chicken.  I will say the steak was ok but not what I expected form a place supposedly know for their meat.  It was a little tough as a New York strip should be but just was missing something.  Would I go to Quivey's Grove again....sure but it would not be my first choice for steak but willing to give it another try!
4	Ok, I admit, I have a love affair with this place. I was first here back in 2007 and just loved the ambiance. Both times I was here, it was around the holiday season and they really deck the halls in a very traditional and festive manner. The building is a historic landmark. There is the main house and then the old stable which has been converted into a charming bar and restaurant. I just feel so good every time I come here with all the stone work and old wood beams. The two story tall Xmas tree doesn't hurt either.The food is decent. Some items are really good, others are ok, but nothing to write home about. The onion rings were quite tasty, the Lodi Sausage Sampler was good, though the potato salad was a tad bland. Christopher wasn't nuts about his Patty Melt, but I tried it and thought it was fine.To be honest, I would probably come here even if the food was only ok across the boards. I just love being here because it reminds me of Christmas ... just like the ones I used to know. Hmmmmm, maybe I will be in trouble if I come here any time but the Holiday season. I'll ponder that one and get back to you.
2	I don't care how 'historical' a place is if the food and service are seriously lacking.My first, and last experience at Quivey's was yesterday.They only had ONE person running the entire place for lunch. I feel sorry for her. She tried to keep up...kind of. I can deal with slow service IF the food is really good, but it isn't. I'm assuming this menu has been in place since the 1800's. Small, boring, over-priced portions of 'so-so' food.Another place where the reputation from when the place WAS great somehow keeps the older crowd coming back...reminiscing for the past.
4	It is the only restaurant in the area where you can bring a visitor to sample regional cuisine. Almost everything else is a transplant or a chain. We have visited for 25 years and will continue. Our son and many of our friends children have had their wedding receptions at Quivey's. The repertoire is excellent.
3	This is supposed a taste of regional cuisine.  Um... OK.  Personally I was not super impressed.  I was told the soup of the day was chicken spaetzel, which sounded good so I ordered it.  When I received it I had a bowl of creamy ham and potato soup.  I ate about 4 bites before I realized it was completely wrong.  When the waitress came back and confirmed she had told us the wrong soup there was no offer to replace it with something else or an apology even.  At the very least I think it should have been taken off the bill since I stopped eating it once I realized it was wrong.  I don't even eat ham!I ordered a fish dish off the menu (since there were no specials) and was pretty disappointed.  The cheesy potatoes with it were the most flavorful thing on the plate.  The asparagus was extremely thick, which I dislike, and there was 4 spears.  FOUR.  Also, my long island iced tea was completely watered down.I guess 3 stars is being generous.  Oh well, I guess I am in a generous mood today!
4	So it was my first visit to Wisconsin and I wanted to try some good ol local dining... (Yea, I'm one of those EPIC people).  First of all, Quivey's is a 2 for 1.  2 restaurants in one.... AWESOME.  We walked in expecting to eat at the stable, but when we saw the menu for the stone house, we went there instead.  We took a trip through the underground tunnel to get from the stable to the house.. that was pretty cool.. It's a nice quaint little place.  Good service.  I had the chicken bond... DELICIOUS!  I recommend it.  In conclusion: cool spot, great service, very good food.  I'M IN!
3	Quivey's Grove Stone House for a fish fry would not have been my first choice.  I've been to this location on a number of occasions, but never for the grandest of Wisconsin traditions.  Long story short, it will now be taken into consideration every Friday when fish is on my mind.  Not only was the fried Cod great, the parmesan potatoes are fantastic.  I will also recommend paying the extra $1.50 for a second plate.
5	Fridat night fish fry!
4	Best fish fry in Madison. The cheesy hash browns are amazing. Best thing about this place is the atmosphere of the old, rustic, lively, and clean barn. Just terrific. Worst thing about this place: the bar set up: awkward. Its always crowded and you just end up standing there looking for a place to park. Its hard to get a drink while waiting for a table. It would be ideal if they'd expand the bar and add more tables and standing tables. A bar area waitress would keep people happy and their drinks full too.
5	This is my favorite place for Friday fish fry. I can't find a better place in Madison.
4	I really enjoyed this place, the atmosphere and the food was awesome. They were so busy when I went so we just waited had a few drinks at the bar. The buffalo head did kinda freak me out but besides that it was a great experience.
4	Quivey's Grove is definitely a nice Wisconsin experience. Their pretzel battered fish fry is phenomenal. Really everything else was ok, but the fish fry is the reason I would go back again.The restaurant is adorable and is in a rustic stone house. Or you can eat at the stable. Either way, you're in for a treat. I've heard that they host some fantastic wine tastings. I may look into that for a future get together or birthday with friends.I feel like this is a less well-know restaurant, at least for the average Madison diner. That said, it's crowded on Friday nights...plan ahead.
4	It's truly an amazing Wisconsin experience and one worth going to.  The interior is stellar - it's a converted farmhouse that is heavy on the wood with an eye catching bar when you walk in.  It's rustic without being too country and is the reason why it got an extra star from me.  The food, to be honest, was mediocre.  I had the pretzl batter fish fry, which was good, but not amazing.  The cheesy hash browns was a nice touch and definitely a plus on the dish.  I felt the need to dribble a little bit of hot sauce to counterbalance the cheesiness, but otherwise good.  Honestly, if you have the chance, it's worth stopping by for at least a drink and potentially a meal.
3	Feels like a step back in Wisconsin time, the interior design and furniture is all cut, carved from local materials. Food is average, service is average.
5	My benchmark for reviews.  You're given the choice between the main house or the stable - the former caters to an older crowd, the latter a younger one.  Try the stable first - bigger menu, more affordable prices.  The food: flavorgasm-inducing.  The service: friendly, prompt, and non-obtrusive.  The setting: interesting and relatively quiet.  They make a nice drink too.  On a Friday, try the combo plate of fish and thank me later.  Bacon-wrapped pork, beef medallions, meatloaf, chicken... I'm already looking forward to returning.
5	If you ever live anywhere near Madison, you need to go to this place.  The bar in the stable serves drinks strong and perfectly poured.  Literally anything off the menu is going to burst with flavor.  The Stone House and the Stable Grill both offer really cool experiences; be sure to take a walk through the cool tunnel that serves as a wine cellar and connects the two.I think Quivey's Grove is best enjoyed when you're planning to spend an hour or so at the bar waiting for a table, preferably on one of those cold winter nights where it's so brutal that you can't stand the walk from the car to the restaurant door.  Quivey's practically exists to keep you warm.
5	Restaurant Week once again.  And that brings me back to the good ole Stable for lunch.The service here has never disappointed me, and if you've read my other reviews, you know I am big on service. Our food has always been great as well.This time, we started with the potato puffs, nice and cheesy, and the Wisconsin Beer and Cheese soup, nice and beery and cheesy. Both very good. If you're Wisconsin foodie, this is a soup for you.  My girlfriend barely got a taste.  It's homemade and oh so good.Main courses were Pork Lollipops, almost like ribs, and the Kobe Beef Bacon Cheddar Burger.  Neither of us shared. They were that good!  The pork was falling off the bone and shredding without effort.  And the BBQ sauce, which was on the burger as well, had a great flavor with a nice little spice to it.  The burger is the reason I keep coming back.  Between the meat the nearly melts in your mouth and the aged Wisconsin cheddar melted on top, who would need anything else? But, there is still the BACON and BBQ Sauce, both adding into it.  If you've ever had a meal that made you feel like you were on a cloud, you know how I felt.  I can't say enough about this.  I have never had a better burger... EVER!  Maybe it's the high quality meat, maybe it's the spectacular local cheese.  I don't care, TRY IT!Desserts were a brownie sundae and a turtle pie.  Brownie sundaes aren't anything new, but this was all you could ask for in one.  It had the right amount of warmth in the brownie, not so hot the ice cream melted, but warm enough that it just melted in your mouth.  And the turtle pie was good helping of a fluffy chocolate cream on a crispy crust that was layered with pecans, all in a bed of caramel sauce.  It was light, airy, and very chocolatey.  I could have eaten far more cream than I was given.I definitely recommend this place.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy.  I grew up with a farming family, so being in a barn-like dining area was nice and reminiscent.  This place is popular enough that I've seen chefs and owners of other local restaurants in it as well.I don't give out 5 stars often, but this place has earned it.
5	I went here with a friend during Restaurant Week. We ate lunch in the stable and not the main house (or whatever they call it). I think the main house is for dinner only, but I could be making that up. We shared the burger and the fried fish. I was absolutely blown away. After basking in the golden glow of this exquisite beer-battered fish soaked in malt vinegar (because how else would you do it?!), I had some of the burger. Any burger with barbecue sauce and onion rings on it is sure to be good, but this one was phenomenal. They make the barbecue sauce in-house (as well as everything else, far as I can tell) and lay it on thick. Dessert was a blur of sugary bliss. Their turtle pie is amazing!If you haven't been to Quivey's, I strongly encourage you to go because it's really a gem.
4	I've lived just down the street from Quiveys Grove for many years.  Their fish fry is one of the best around, especially when they setup outdoor tent seating during the summer and fall.
3	As part of my ongoing search to find the best fish fry in Madison I found myself at Quivey's Grove for their famous fish fry.  I loved walking up to this place because you can tell just by looking at the building that there is a lot of history there.  The building is made out of brick and does not look like it has ever had a renovation; I mean this in the nicest possible way!  As I walked in I found myself kind of lost as there are many small rooms in this place.  After finally finding the hostess we were led to our table; I believe reservations are neccessary.  Our table was in one of the many small rooms with about four other tables.  The vibe of the place was lovely and intimate.  Upon sitting we took a look at the drink menu and both decided on the key lime martini; pretty good.  Our waitress was very friendly and answered all of our questions very graciously.  I ordered the all you can eat fish fry with the potato.  The cheesy potato was definitely the star of the show!  It was a shredded potato with cheese and it was fantastic!  The fish on the other hand was just okay.  It was beer battered which I am starting to discover is not something that I like.  The man ordered the fish platter with 3 different types of fish; baked, lightly battered, and beer battered.  He loved everything he had and also loved the potato. All in all I am happy that I tried the fish fry here and while I may not be back for that specifically, I am looking forward to trying other things on their menu.
2	Went with a group of 30...not impressed.  Waitress told us dessert was included with our meal, when in fact it was not.  Nearly everyone in our group ordered dessert because she told us it was part of the deal.  We were not pleased when we got the bill.  She also had a bad attitude and rolled her eyes and huffed when asked for tartar sauce to go. Really?  what is the big deal.  I will not be back any time soon.  The fish was ok, but not really worth the high price.
5	Who writes these 500 word reviews?  Take a course in editing!  Anyway, this place is very nice with comfortable decor, great staff, and fine food.  It's nice for lunch.  Watch out for Friday night.  It's busy so get there early or later.
4	Service is usually terribly disorganized, but the food is amazing!
4	One of my favorites for Easter and/or Mothers Day Brunch.  Great food, wonderful staff and very attentive.  I'd also recommend it highly for Friday Fish Fry.
1	Overpriced and over ratedIf you had $30/# worth of Kobe beef would you smother it in mayo and syrupy barbecue sauce?  Quivey does, and it's a good thing to, because it's the worst kind of nasty that I have tasted.  If your are looking for an excess of pretension with a complete lack of quality that is significantly over priced, look no further.
1	My family has been coming here for years.  I called at 3 p.m. today to make a reservation for dinner and was treated so rudely on the phone I'll never come back.
2	The food was okay. However, the service was questionable. Burgers and fries were greasy. Perch was greasy. Trout was okay. Group said ribs were good. We got there right as evening meal was staying and the waitress was not very friendly. Lots of scowling at us. Certainly not the Quiveys Grove we remember from years ago. Certainly not our recommendation for a Madison dining experience!
4	My review of Quivey's Grove is based on my experiences with groups. I've been here a couple of times with groups of 40-50 people. They have always been outstanding. Easy to work with, great service, good food - love the fresh muffins, popovers and apple crisp - and a really unique setting. The buildings consist of a historic home, where you can dine in a series of rooms on both first and second floors, and the stable, where you can also dine on two levels or in the bar. The stable is connected to the home with an underground tunnel that also serves as the wine cellar.  In the warm weather, they also have a paddock area for picnics and outdoor receptions. I have only dined at Quivey's Grove in the winter around the holidays and I love the atmosphere. So warm and cozy.  I have only had positive experiences here and will definitely not hesitate to go back, as well as refer it to other groups.
2	Had dinner last night at Quivey's Grove, and the food wasn't great. I had the Reuben, which had soggy rye bread, dry edges on the brisket slices and a spoonful of sauerkraut and cheese. My bf had the Stable Burger, which had almost stale tough to bite through buns and a patty in BBQ sauce and mayo? The only thing I enjoyed, probably because I was uber hungry at the time, was the Cheese Beer Sausage Soup.
5	First visit - and will not be my last! Best burger I've had in a long time. Great service. Cozy dinning room! Love it.
3	I get the Perch, its outstanding.  I'm from N.E. sconnie and the fish fry back home makes most Madison offerings look like Gorton's.  Not Quivey's though.  I also like the Meatloaf and the Beef medallions are outstanding as well.  The service is the issue at Quivey's. They won't let you eat at the bar or in the bar area for some reason and the bartenders are awkward at best, and DO NOT! ask to watch the badger hockey game while you wait for your table.  The price points are a little ridiculous as well. The aesthetic is great, really cool building
3	The expectation was greater than the delivery.  Atmosphere greatly adds to the dining. Good, not great.
5	First rate. Stable Bar Tap is casual fun with good food. Take the underground tunnel to the "House" for more serious upscale dinning. Quivey's is a wonderful experience.
4	YUM-MY!Tried this place out with the kids for their Friday night fish fry and there was no trace of disappointment!  Outdoor tent seating was the first available, and I'll choose it again, as it allowed us to watch our 2-year-old and 5-year-old play in the enclosed field with the other kids, while we drank our Spotted Cows.  Fish was fantastic and reasonably priced (both adult meal and kid meal), with an "all you can eat" option just an additional $1.50.  If you have young kids, make sure you find & explore the cellar tunnel that stretches between two buildings on-site.  Fun & cool
4	Excellent food in a great setting. People in our party had the steak, trout, chicken, duck and veal. All were superb. Great vegetables. Great service. And the tunnel to the bar always makes for a fun trip.
4	I have been to Quivey's Grove about 6 times I have never had a bad experience.  I like there Wednesday night fish fry a lot of food for the price.  There burgers are great.  Friday's is there busiest day to go there the restaurant is packed there is always along wait on Friday's.   I have never had to wait any other day.
2	What a disappointing burger!I ordered their Kobe beef burger. I should have suspected something when the menu said it had mayo and BBQ sauce on it (it was also priced low for Kobe beef). For good beef like Kobe you do not want to hide the flavor of the beef. I ordered it with no mayo and no BBQ sauce, cooked medium rare with a side of their smashed potatoes. The burger was over cooked (if you are not going to deliver the patron the food as ordered than why ask them) and not Kobe beef. I suspect it was just regular beef. The smashed potatoes were bland as well.My wife ordered the "Fitchburger" cooked medium well with the smashed potatoes as her side. While her burger was cooked to order it was bland. She also found her potatoes to be bland so it was not just me.This place received two stars because we only tried their burgers and the place is quite charming as it is in an old barn.In short, were are not sure if we will be returning to this establishment.
3	I was here last night for drinks. The stable grill has an awesome atmosphere, with a lot of the original stone walls in the stable and original columns too. The entire ambiance is awesome, it's super cozy and comfortable. They don't have a great beer selection on tap, which is a little disappointing as they have a pretty solid bar area in the restaurant. I would go again, though.
5	My favorite fish fry in Madison. Parmesan potato is the way to go for your side. Classic barn look that is so Wisconsin. You will not be disappointed. That fish fry in the stable grill with a brandy old fashioned...just perfection.
4	When you find a place that has both a great atmosphere and terrific food, you've got a winner. When you add in great wait staff , it's a home run. Quivey's Grove is a home run. We stopped by on Labor Day weekend hoping to be far enough out of Madison to miss the crowds.  We arrived to find the place set up for a wedding and looking beautiful. We were afraid we might not be able to get lunch, but no problem. Lunch was being served. The wedding was taking place in the evening, and there was an air of excitement.Our waitress was great. She went over the menu making some recommendations which we promptly ignored going for the pork shark lollipops and fried chicken dinner. Both were wonderful with the lollipops edging out the fried chicken by just a bit. Those shanks were glistening. They were moist, tender, and just darn yummy. They had a lot of meat on them and came on some really good smashed potatoes. The fried chicken came with more potatoes, some gravy and a bit of greenery. The chicken was crispy and juicy and  tasted like your grandma just made it in her big ole skillet. Everything at Quivey's comes across as authentic . The staff is friendly, and I have a feeling that the colors will be beautiful if you go there in the fall.
4	Very nice restaurant with interesting decorations. I brought some family members  from out of town here because they were craving fish and nothing was a disappointment.
2	I was disappointed. The food wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either. I guess my score of "2" reflects my disappointment in comparison to the high expectations that I had for this place, but the food is probably somewhere between 2 and 3 quality. The service was fine. I did love the physical space of the restaurant though.
4	My girlfriend's family was visiting from Milwaukee. They wanted to go out for a nice dinner that would be suitable for Grandpa and a celiac diet.  We decided on the Stable Grill. It was the perfect choice.Before dinner we all had a few of their famous old fashioneds.  Korbel is their rail brandy so you know they are going to be good.  Her dad loved the meatloaf. It had a mushroom sauce that he raved about.  I had the ribs which were solid.  They came with these buttered red potatoes that were simple but delicious.  My GF had the perch which she thought were some of the best she's had.The Stable's ambiance is quite remarkable.  It is basically an old stable fitted with a full bar and dining room.  Old wood floor, rock walls, a huge barn door and rickety stairs leading to a second floor. A lot of trendy places aim for the kind of ambiance the stable offers but you cant duplicate authenticity.All in all this is a supper club style dining experience in a cool old time setting.  If you are looking to try something off the beaten path and are tired of sweet potato fries, trendy aiolis, beet salads or whatever the latest foodie flavor is this week, the Stable Grill at Quiveys Grove is just right.
4	Descriptive phrase: rustic drinks and eats.Came to the barn portion of Quivey's Grove with the fish fry highly touted. We started in the bar while we waited for a table. Not a large selection of beer, but quality choices. You should skip those, though, and opt for one of the best Old Fashioned's (~$7) you're ever going to have. You know it's special when each comes with a whole cinnamon stick inside. We each ordered the Beer Battered Cod ($13.25). I am not a coleslaw person, but I scarfed their version (a little creamy, a little oily) down. The amount of fish given was perfect, filling me without weighing me down. And the fish itself was golden brown and crispy, exactly how it should be. It was definitely worth the wait when paired with the drinks at the bar. Quivey's is a neat experience with a good fish fry and better drinks.
4	This place is almost five stars for me.  I love the old time feel, complete with underground milking tunnel connecting the two buildings.  The hand muddled Korbel old fashions are perfect! I had the fish combo (available Wed or Fri) with the cheesy potatoes,  a must.  Combo comes with baked and fried cod and fried perch. Plus slaw and all the bread you like.Save the sub-par service we had while dinning, this place is great!
5	The Stable Grill is now one of my Madison favorites. We tried the smoked trout, cheese curds, fried perch, filet medallions, and the Cross Plains Chicken. All of the food was excellent and affordable. Love the stable feel of the dining room. Great local beer options on tap.
4	This place is great! We spent most of our visit at the Stable grill. They tout an amazing Old Fashioned and a good local beer selection. There was a bit of a wait but we made friends with people at the bar and their wonderful daughter gave us a tour of the place. The underground tunnel, wine cellar, and wine tasting room were super cool. It reminded me of our many vacations in South Carolina and suddenly I was on vacation miles away. The house was also neat; classically historic, like being transported back in time. We were seated and our server was extremely prompt. We ordered the fish fry. Our coleslaw and bread came out quickly. The bread tasted slightly like bacon-AMAZING! Fish came out equally as quick. It was hot and crispy. The bredding stuck and their tarter sauce appeared homemade. The parmesean potatoes were the best part of the meal, although in comparison to the mild fish, they almost seemed overly seasoned. Our meal did seem a little rushed but I understand their need to flip tables. All in all, it was a great experience, not just a meal. We will return!
4	The restaurant is a reconverted barn so it's a very cool restaurant space! I ordered the battered beer cod (only offered on fish fry nights which is Wednesday and Friday) and it was good. My coworker ordered the chicken salad which he liked. He said the chicken tasted crispy and wasn't greasy either. Overall had a nice meal there
3	Good food. Good drinks. Too bad there's always a long wait for fish on Friday. Their fish and chips are both very good, either fried or broiled. Love their fried mushrooms!
2	The food was good. But our waitress was so rushed and stomping around.  We are finishing up and my stomach is in knots from nerves watching this waitress rush around.  Sloppy service almost spilling anything with liquid in it.
5	OK, here's the deal: don't go to the Stable Grill. Go to the Stone House. I have actually never eaten in the Stable, and I always feel like a total genius when I have a drink there after dinner and see tons of people waiting on a table for fish fry at 9:00.  I've always gone with a reservation, but I've even made the reservation 20 minutes before showing up. Super easy. Eating in the Stone House feels very old school, and it's definitely an older crowd than the Stable. It feels like you're eating in someone's cool great-aunt's house, with old pictures of Wisconsin and famous people on the walls, fresh flowers on the tables. The menu focuses on Wisconsin traditional foods, and each dish has a short story that goes with it, which is kind of cool. My boyfriend had the duck, which came with a cherry sauce that was dynamite, though the duck was slightly overdone. I got the fish fry with their cheesy potatoes, which are awesome.  Dinner always comes with some kind of freshly baked, still-warm muffin or roll, which are always different, and so adds something special to each experience. The last time I was there it was some kind of cranberry-orange muffin, which was awesome. They make a perfect Old Fashioned as well.To me, this is a quintessential Wisconsin experience. If you have family in from out of state, this is a great spot to take them to. Just make a reservation at the Stone House, and then you have an excuse to walk through the underground tunnel/wine cellar to get to the Stable for a nightcap.
