1	I was so frustrated with this place because my food took so long and when it came out literally the meatballs in my sandwich were burnt and maybe because they were burnt were the size of a wrinkled ping pong ball.Here's the scoopI ordered a meatball sandwich and my food is cold,burnt, and took 45+ mins, you might have thought this was normal if the restaurant was full but with 6 other tables in there all it meant was this place was fail.We were told the chef paid for our round of drinks, to bad I wasnt drinking that night.....He paid for our drinks because of how long it took, My friend ordered a plate of spaghetti and his food was cold and the only heat the spaghetti might have had was coming from the extremely hot plate.This is the second time I've eaten here an trust me I didn't want to come at all but the poeple I came with wanted to try it out, I hope  helps. The restaurant itself looks elegant and nice and the waiter who helped us was good but since I came here for food I can only give them 1 stars for looks and service. If I could give them .5 instead I would.So back to me and the Meatball "Fail" Sandwich  the bread was cold and the meatball seems like its cooked, then frozen, then cooked then frozen, then cooked again but this time it got burnt and covered up with sauce. 45 minutes in the microwave at best, to warm it up. .The fries were so piss poor and old the inside of the fry was hollow and so stale, the result of when you leave them under a heat lamp for more than an hour.I love food, love food......... but this time the trash would enjoy this more than I will,  thank god my buddy was starving. (his cold spaghetti took 7 mins longer than my terrible sandwich) After trying my sandwich and my fries he convinced me to start writing this review at the table and to save it in my phone till I got to a computer.Restaurant Looks ...........................+.5Service ..............................................+.5Length of time to get food  ...........FAILQuality of Food ...............................FAILHow did the group like it...............FAIL, never coming back ADVICE = Go to pink taco, Nobu, or just walk accross the street this place has no buisness being inside the Hardrock Hotel, maybe in a food cart outside in the parking lotWe finished dinner at 9:55
4	As we walked through the casino area of the Hard Rock, my friend stopped and saw the menu for LTO.  We didn't get our pizza the night before so we decided to come here for dinner Friday night.  Our party of two arrived around 6:30pm and was seated immediately.  We were probably two of eight people in the restaurant.LOCATION:In the back of the Hard Rock Hotel, further back but next to the entrance of NobuFOOD:I thought I was set on getting the pizza, but once I looked at the menu, I decided to get the linguini with fresh clams.  You have the option of getting white or tomato sauce, I chose the white.  The linguini was delicious!  It was actually the perfect portion size where I was full and content after finishing my entire meal.  The white sauce was light and delicious, perfect for scooping into the clam shells or soaking with the accompanied bread.  MY GRIPES:*We weren't given bread or butter*Clams were small*Fresh parmesan cheese wasn't used, it was more like the Kraft kind you put on pizzas*A spoon wasn't given to me with my pasta dish - an absolute must with Italian pasta dishes!Being one of the only parties in the restaurant, we thought this place was either new or horrible.  I looked up LTO on Yelp to find only one review and it was a horrible one at that.  The waitress actually told us that they've been open for about two months but I still found it odd that there was basically no one in the restaurant.Service was a bit spotty.  We were rarely checked up on but the workers were friendly.  LTO does have the potential to make it.  The food was good, but maybe because they're located in a back corner, there's a whole lack of promotion.  Until it gets a bit more crowded, I think for the time being, they should think about having less staff on duty.  Its odd looking into an open kitchen and seeing the wait staff and chefs just standing there.
1	Muffuletta was cold! Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did! Manager made excuse after excuse but finally admitted they lost our order! Could this have not been figured out the first 2 times we asked them to check on our order? Manager & wait staff were incompetent. Chef called me honey & said what else can I do for you. You are already getting your meal comped! How can you comp what we never got! 1 person from our party got his food! 1! We got up & walked out after 2 hours of excuses!!!
