3	We went for fish fry Friday night. We got in early to avoid the crowd. The new menu is interesting. What was disappointing was the service! It took a long time for the salads to arrive and then our entrees came before we were done. No one checked on us - we had to ask for water refills and drinks. That made it not as enjoyable. The place was not crowded - so the lack of service was even more confusing. Good food - bad service.
5	It's great to have a trendy, new, casual restaurant in Green Valley that isn't a chain or a sports bar. The menu is great. I love the "new" pizzas, especially the California!  Steelz has a very diverse menu, with much to choose from. You gotta try it.
4	I went here after work as an end of the weekend meal at a really akward time 5:30pm.  neither really lunch or dinner, but it definetly had everything i wanted as far as linner goes.  My new meal (there just aren't enough in the day to try all these amazing places!)Anyway I was plesantly surprised by the unassuming outside and the contrast inside where it was actually quite nice.  The gaming area is totally seperated so that when you are eating you don't feel like you are at a gaming place with food, but rather a restaurant with some machines (if that makes any sense)  The food didn't disappoint either.  The waitress was attentive enough to notice that one of my friend's was killing his diet coke every ten minutes and always kept him supplied well enough.  The spinach and artichoke flatbread pizza was nice and light with a very unique twist of flavors for my tongue!  The Steelz brownie originally came out without any ice cream and we had to ask the waitress and she had to double check the menu to make sure that the ice cream did indeed go on it (minus one star).  However as soon as I had my first bite I could see myself having cravings for the super indulgent mosit chocolatey goodness that was coating my mouth.  I had trouble sharing it with my friends and almost ordered myself another one.They were playing the football games of the day going on on multiple screens around the place.  I can't see it ever getting too busy and yet it should be with the unassuming exterior and fantastic food.  I think that once they get to know their own menu a little better the rating could've easily reached a higher star level.  (note this is not a date night place, but more of a sunday afternoon kick it with friends type place.)  fifteen bucks later my stomach and I are quite happy campers!
5	Went in for the weekend brunch and it was AMAZING!!  I got the Steelz Benedict and cleaned my entire plate!  I was a little freaked out because on the menu it mentioned it had sundried tomatoes and manchego cheese, and I've never had that on my benedict before, but it was a wonderful surprise.  The staff was all very friendly and attentive to everyone around......they were even selling Steelz t-shirts!  The peach bellini I had topped it all off and I will definitely be back for more.  The atmosphere was great as well, soothing music playing and TV's with football...something for everyone!  Great job Steelz!
5	K, first off, just because it's alternative and gay friendly, doesn't make it a gay bar! I'm glad you bigoted people won't be coming back into this bar again!I love coming here to relax and hang out with friends. The food is great, the bartenders are attentive and make an effort to get to know you, which is the best part.If you're looking for a local place to hang out that offers good food, great service and a relaxed atmosphere, Steelz is the place to go!
3	Decently priced drinks, they have 24hr food and gaming. You can Smoke inside they have it separate from the dining room, which is nice! Wasn't to busy its nice inside. I would give it another go around again.
4	My friend had suggested going here after reading about it in City Life. In recent years, this area has become desolate, but it is promising to see some new establishments opening up.The menu consists of bar friendly food with splashes of more intricate items. One point that will be raised often is the fact that their burgers do not come with fries. Those need to be ordered on their own. For a burger and fries, it will cost around $15. It is not uncommon now a days, but people will still complain. We had ordered a plate of the Spicy Harissa Fries and they were wonderful. Oily, but the curry type flavor was nice. I had ordered the Grilled Vegetable Salad. A full portion of salad greens were tossed in a generous amount of balsamic vinaigrette then topped with asparagus, zucchini, squash, eggplant, peppers, avocado, and pita bread. I am the type that will go to a bar and eat a salad. Would I order this again? Yes, just ask for light dressing or on the side. My friend's Brie Angus Burger was mouthwatering good. I could not resist stealing a bite. The juicy beef patty is topped with grilled onions, brie cheese, mixed greens, and would normally come with bacon and grilled peppers. He asked for it without bacon, but the peppers were missing as well. The burger does come with a small side salad. There were little issues with our meal, but the friendliness of our server/owner(?) more than made up for it. He kept our drinks constantly filled and made polite chit chat throughout. They have a nice happy hour that would be worth checking out. Although the drinks might not be as cheap as other places, the food sounds enticing. From 4pm-7pm, they have drinks and food. From11pm-2am, they only have drinks because the kitchen closes down. Both HH are seven days a week as well. Flat bread pizza was the recommended special to take advantage of.
3	We ate here on a Thursday night.  To begin, we have a 14 month old son.  Although the restaurant has child seats, it is not a good place for children.  So, we would not recommend taking small children to Steelz.However, we do recommend eating there.  We started with the crabcakes, which were good but I wanted a little more crispiness on the outside.  This could have been achieved with a little more pan time.  The spicy aioli on the side was great.I had the brie and bacon burger, which was wonderful.  Good quality bacon and beef, and a soft yet strong bun to hold it together.  Burger juicy and cooked to a proper medium.  It does not come with fries, which was a disappointment.  My wife had the lobster bisque.  This had good flavor, but was too strong on the sherry.  She also had the beef and blue salad, which may have been the star of the evening.  Very good quality blue cheese, we loved this salad.  We will definitely return.
5	Went to Steelz on a Sunday night and sat at the bar.  It wasn't very busy but we weren't looking for a packed bar, just somewhere new to eat after spending the previous day at Lee's Wine Experience and becoming purple!  The bartender was really fun and nice-we would go back just for her!!  I liked that the food WAS NOT your typical bar food; there were many surprises.  I had the soup of the day which was vegetable-chicken (yes, it was in that order...) and the crab cakes.  Both were good and I was happy with the crabcakes being mostly crab with large chunks of crab.  My Maryland dad would have been happy with these.  My husband had the hamburger with brie which was a huge stretch for him (the brie part, not the hampburger part) and he really liked it.  It did come with fries, so not sure if they changed the menu since they opened when someone else said it didn't come with fries.  The weekend brunch looks good too.  We met the owner who was very nice and we hope this venture works since it isn't easy to find a friendly place with good food and a casual atmosphere nearby.  Oh and the happy hour drinks are good on Sunday as long as a game is on....
2	We ate there lst night hoping against hope that we finally had a relatively inexpensive restaurant with some different menu options than standard bar food. While the food was decent and the price was good and the menu looked promising we will never go back since the place reeks of smoke. I have no idea how anyone can eat food in that kind of environment. Too bad, we'll have to keep looking.Tom
3	I wish I had read further into the reviews, where I would have found out that their Happy Hour at night is mainly beer and well drinks. I was excited to try a new place out, so me and the BGB went and checked out the place after his shift at work. The bartender was really nice, but the only person in there at midnight-ish on a Friday night. Apparently the kitchen closes around that time, but he was still able to get us some bar food. He was really nice though, so good customer service always rates high with me.We split some chicken fingers and fries, which were good. Nothing breakthrough about them, but they certainly weren't bad. Apparently you have to get there a little earlier to get the full menu. Tab came out to about $27... most of it were my two Long Beach Iced Teas (at full price) vs. BGB's two Cran-Vodkas (at happy hour price).But the place was just so dead. It was almost uncomfortably dead, as the only people in there for a while was me, the BGB, the bartender, and two other guys. On a Friday night. Now, I know Henderson's not exactly the swingin' night spot that older brother Las Vegas is, but still, that was super-dead for a bar. One review said it was super smoky, but I certainly didn't have that problem. It was fine to me. There wasn't really anyone even in there to smoke!Not a bad spot. May check it out again someday, seeing as it's right down the road.Oh, one more note: People were complaining that Steelz is a "gay bar" and it's like the downfall of good wholesome Henderson or some BS. Steelz is about as much a "gay bar" as Del Taco is "authentic Mexican" or Fox News is "news." Maybe it's gay-owned, gay-friendly and gay-welcoming, but it's not a gay bar. It's a bar. It's 2012. Get over it, people.
