3	This was the 4th landscaping service i requested an estimate from. I recently purchased a home in summerlin and was in need of a professional to overhaul the neglected back yard and maintain the front.  The 1st 3 were notoriously late. They seemed disinterested and in all honesty, i questioned whether they had genuine businesses or just drove around with an easily purchased placard on their truck to be removed at the end of the day.  Jose of J&J was indeed 15 min late but called to say the exact time he would arrive.  16 minutes later i heard the doorbell ring.  He gave me an honest quote, in light of the 3 previous losers.  Not only that he agreed to perform the service i requested, not 3 weeks from sunday(if you please, mr wimpie), they plan to arrive day after tomorrow to complete the work.  Jose also told me, in our english-dominated conversation, that i have to approve the job done or i don't pay. I like this guy.  Stay tuned. will yelp more about the job done.  So far, kudos to Jose, the business owner. Will add more stars as warranted. p.s. contact Jose via his ofc number; he'll gladly give you an alternate cell number
4	Jose the propietor and 3 of his crew came back to restore the front & back yard of my newly purchased investment to comply with summerlin HOA standards.  He said they'd begin work by 8 am.  I worried about being late to work, until the doorbell rang early at 6:45 am saying they would be getting started.  4 hours later, both yards were in pristine condition with the back ready to receive sod.  Once again, Jose said, if you like, you pay, if you don't we'll make it right.  They worked hard, did a great job and drove off with all of the debris.  Nary a lone leaf left to be found.  Would recommend them highly.  Fair price for a job well done!
4	said i would write an update and today it finally happened. i met with Jose of J and J landscaping the night before. he reiterated as before if i wasn't happy, not to pay and he would make it right.  Well, i went to work at the crack of dawn this am and they were out working after we agreed it would take 2 full days to clean up my previously bank owned property with an overgrown back yard and install sod (only from Star Nursery was my request).  When I got home today after working, the yard literally took my breath away (from 4 ft tall weeds to golf course turf in a day) complete with reject sand and a weed resistant covering wch i insisted on. it's absolutely beautiful and was transformed in one day, well ahead of schedule.  i will hold out for 5 stars to see if weeds reappear, which i was promised they wouldn't.  will give an update then. stay tuned for photos.  Awesome job J and J.  I like that you do what you say and follow thru at a reasonable price!
4	I called the office for an appointment for an estimate on yard waste pickup from all the trimming I had done at the house we moved into a few months ago. The secretary was very pleasant and professional on the phone. The next day Jose came by the house to give me an estimate on the work The following morning another crew member came to the house and cleaned up the yard waste. Quick. Simple. Fair prices. Very pleased with the results.
5	Awesome, friendly, quick service! Jose resolved my lawn issue in record time, and my grass is coming back to life again. Thanks, Jose!
1	Honestly, I'm really sorry I have to write a negative review of this company. I wanted to do business with them and thought I had found the answer to my landscape woes.I met with Jose, and he provided me with a proposal of $80 per month for maintenance. I was interviewing other providers at the time, so I ultimately called back to accept his offer. At that time, I also told the company I needed an emergency sprinkler repair and asked if they could come out right away. We scheduled an appointment via email (I have a crazy schedule and it's easier for me to respond that way). I asked for 9am and got a response indicating that Jose would be at my home between 9am and 10am.Since I had already met Jose, I wrote back saying that I might not be available, as I would have to leave shortly after 9am (remember, I asked for 9am sharp, not an hour window), but that the other resident of the home could meet with him. Fifteen minutes prior to the appointed time, I received an email saying that the appointment was cancelled because I may not be there.Again, I had already met with Jose. I had agreed to their terms. I would have paid anything they wanted for the sprinkler repair, as I don't have time to interview a lot of contractors. Also, I had juggled my schedule so I likely WOULD have been at the appointment.To cancel at the last minute like that is highly unprofessional. There was no reason Jose couldn't have dropped off the paperwork for me to sign, as I could have driven it to their office later that SAME DAY (they are literally just up the street from me). It left me in the position of having to find someone else right away after I thought I had the leak problem addressed. This wasn't just a minor leak, by the way. It was a GEYSER! I worked hard and paid a lot to save my landscape, but I certainly can't water it when I'm also irrigating the street, sidewalk, top of my tree, passersby, etc.To top it off, instead of apologizing and trying to win back my business, the office employee (who, by the way, will literally laugh at your concerns) continues to antagonize me.I would steer clear of these guys. I actually work with homeowners selling high end home improvement products and services. I know quality homeowner service, as I provide it daily. These guys shouldn't be working with anyone, much less homeowners who expect high quality service.I hope they can improve and learn from this experience rather than berate additional customers who don't agree with their purported "business model."
