4	Honestly, I hated this location and swore to never go back there after the way I was treated one day. Out of desperation and in a time crunch, I went to get my brows done quickly and met Huma.  She. Is. Amazing. My brows look perfect every time. She always remembers me and is so helpful. All of the women there are great, I've never seen the guy I had trouble with again. I'd highly recommend going to this location.
5	Love this place! Huma always takes care of me. There's never usually a long wait to get in. This is the only place I'll go for eyebrow threading.
5	Quick easy never have to wait. Place is clean and staff friendly! It's an awesome location.
1	Wow!! 20minutes till they close and the lady didn't even give me the chance to sit when she told me come back another day.. F.. Rude .. I actually wanted to give this place a chance but after today I will never step foot in this place.. Wish I could rate them less than a star
1	went there three times because it's closer to my house and each time my eyebrows looked the same as when I walked in. The girls there don't know how to thread eyebrows. Drove to Eyebrows R Us on Marks street this last time, what a difference. Will travel to that location from now on. Totally worth it. I would give this location no star rating if that was an option
5	I love love love this place and ALL the girls who work there especially Huma!! I used to get my brows waxed for at least 15 years and when my daughters turned me on to this about 6 years ago.......I never went back to waxing and never will!!!!! Great people, service and price :)        Kim O.
1	Terrible. Went in for my second time, got seated and told the lady what I wanted, eyebrows threaded. Lady did not engage any sort of conversation other than the fact to hold down my eyes with my hands. Didn't even understand proper English. Would definitely not go back because they did not even stick true to their word with their Yelp deal they had. The deal was the write a review and show it towards the next visit to receive 50 percent off. The lady argued for seven dollars total but everyone knows that 50 percent of ten is five dollars. The two dollar difference wasn't an issue, it was the fact that they didn't understand proper English and the fact that they didn't stick true to their deal that's in plain sight on the white wall.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! The lady totally messed up my eyebrows when all I wanted was for her to clean them up THATS IT! She took off all the hair from the inner part of my left eyebrow & now they look horrible & spaced out really far... NOT ONLY THAT, but she charged my card $10 for just the eyebrow thread & argued with me that regular price is $10 (ALSO STATING THAT WAS WITHOUT A TIP).. Um.. I've been to other locations for eyebrows r us & regular price is $7??? So unless you want them to illegally charge your card more money & ruin your eyebrows I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
3	I understand it's close to closing time, but three minutes til seven and open sign is still brightly flashing, one can only assume they're open. As I go to open door,  it's locked. The lady who opened it asked if I could come back tomorrow. At least turn off the sign to save me a trip. It's after seven and the sign is still flashing. False advertisement to me.
1	First time coming here to get threaded. As soon as I walked in, the one lady working looked up at me, then look right back down, didn't say a single word or greet me AT ALL. I stood awkwardly at the door for about 5 minutes without being acknowledged. So I left and went down the street to Eyebrow Envy who not only very politely greeted me as soon as I walked in, but served me right away and did a fabulous job for half the price.
