1	I had been to this place last month, at that time the owner was there and i asked him with their closing hours how did it work, the only reason i asked its because i have two jobs my husband works also and we only have half a day to get laundry done for a family of 6. The owner was very kind and he said as long as we make it in before 7pm which was the last load they stay until the last person is done. So since i get off at five pm after working a graveyard shift followed by a day shift i came here exactly at 630 pm. I had plenty of clothes to wash, i spent 80.00 dollars on washers and dryers. Their door closes at 800pm, at 820 i had one more dryer to fold and we would be done,  their employee BOB went and stood by my dryer and told me in a VERY RUDE MANNER that this dryer had been sitting here for over half an hour, he straight up told me to pack if up and fold it home because he wanted to ho home, i told him i was almost done, he acted like i took my time folding 11 other dryers. I told this BOB character that i had asked the owner last time and he had told me that they stay until the last customer leaves, i was rushing bring conscious that he wanted to ho home, but hid rudeness and demeaning way of literally throwing us out is not acceptable. Once i told him i would call the owner his attitude tottally changed now he wanted to give us a hand, of course i told him no and i started packing my clothes i dont know about other people but i dont like any strangers touching my or my kids clothes, i work in the medical field and you never know what diseases people may have. After this visit im going to go and take my money somewhere else. It sucks that i have to use a laundromat, but thank god my husband and i are almost reaching our goal so we can finally buy our home and not have to deal with ignorant idiots like BOB. I WILL LET MY CONDO COMPLEX PEOPLE KNOW TO NOT COME HERE EVER AGAIN.
5	I've been looking for a decent laundromat in the Henderson area. I just moved into the area recently,  and don't have a washer and dryer yet. Well the first place that I went to was Diva's laundromat on the corner of Boulder Highway and Water st. That place I wouldn't even consider to be civilized. Their washing machines and dryers are so antiquated,  nay as well washed my clothes be hand and used a hairdryer to dry my clothes. The owner is also an abomination to the human race. He pretends that there's nothing wrong with his machines and is ripping the public of their hard work money.  On the flip side of that coin (no pun intended) this laundromat is the best laundromat that I have ever been to.  The washing machines are in good working order as well as the dryers.  Actually have to put the dryer setting to medium instead of hot, otherwise you will burn your clothes.  The staff also is very accommodating and friendly. The laundromat itself is very clean.  Also has large flat screen T.V. and Wifi to keep you entertained while you accomplished the dreaded chore of laundry.  I will never go back to Diva's and will always come back to this place.  Its just the best. A no brainer!
5	I went here to wash a comforter because mine at home is too small. It was not busy at all on a Wednesday night. Prices were ok. Plenty of machines. Free wifi and plenty of TVs to keep you busy. I'll come back if I ever need a laundromat again.
