2	I've lived at Mark Taylor properties for about five or six years now and I have to say, they have declined greatly in the last few years.  When I first started living at my first MT property, the front office staff took the time to get to know you, knew you by name, kept abreast of any ongoing issues and were proactive about things.  Now, they really seem to be nothing more than shills for what Mark Taylor has become, reacting to issues only when implored to do so.  Rent constantly goes up, even for those of us that have shown property loyalty years over.  Additional "fees" are even being added on for services that you may or may not even use -- either way you have to pay.  The only reason that I didn't give them one star is because of the maintenance staff.  They are what the front office staff used to be.  Friendly, polite and very responsive to your problems.  They, in fact, have a pretty similar opinion of the "front office" folks as I do.  That is pretty telling.
4	My husband and I lived here from 2009-2010 so this may be a little dated. However, I can say with confidence that during this time period,  this was a very nice apartment complex and we enjoyed living here.Rent was very reasonable for such a nice area (hop, skip and a jump from Ocotillo.) Our apartment itself was lovely with upgraded appliances and a great kitchen. The two bedroom we were in was spacious, had great natural lighting and was overall very nice. I wasn't a huge fan of their parking policy. We had one covered space and the other was a first come first serve. We didn't take advantage of the amenities as often as we should have but when we did they were a reminder of the spoils of apartment living. San Palacio has a great pool with cabanas and tons of space in the immediate area. I enjoyed our time at this apartment complex and would recommend it to anyone looking for an apartment in Chandler.
5	The ladies in the office at San Palacio were very friendly and helpful while i was looking at apartments in the area. They were the only group that called me back with answers to questions I had. Non of the other 6 or 7 complexes I looked at called me to give me an update. After most of the day looking at places I returned to San Palacio and finalized my apartment renting. I moved across country and all was ready for me when I arrived.Since I have been living here the office personnel have been very helpful when I need help or answers. I would recommend this complex should you be looking for an apartment
5	Hands down the best complex I've ever lived in. The management was very polite and professional. The best part was how helpful and willing they were to help me take care of transitioning in and out of the complex.While it might be considered on the pricier side it's definitely worth the money. The complex is very clean and well kept, the gym is well stocked and maintained (saved me from having to get a gym membership), the pool/common areas are very pleasant and well maintained.The area is also great, right down the street from the highway, only a couple miles from the grocery store but still away from the hustle and bustle of Phoenix.
