5	Brand new family owned cupcake shop.   Amazing!  I'm not a sweets eater but once they started giving me samples I was hooked.  The ice cream is hand made and the cupcakes are simple and delicious.We had a strawberry lemonade and a red velvet cupcake.   Can't wait to come back.   Good luck with your grand opening today!
5	Last night when the wind was blowing everything and everyone around...it blew me right into Jaz-Jan The Sweet Joint.  I'm trying to do better this year with my sweet cravings but I thought to myself, "One for me and one for the bf shouldn't be too bad", so I treated myself.  I only ordered two, a Banana Pudding Cupcake for me and the Strawberry Lemonade for him.  I've already tasted the Strawberry Lemonade and it's taste just like the name...perfect.  The icing is what really gets you!  This was the first time for the Banana Pudding Cupcake and when I took the first bite I had to stop and look down to make sure this was a cupcake and not actual banana pudding.  WOW!  It was wonderful and I immediately kicked and thanked myself for only buying one for myself b/c I would have ended up eaten all of them last night.  I dare say that I tasted pieces of fresh banana in the cupcake itself.  I didn't even think about taking a picture but maybe next time...b/c I'm definitely going back in for another one!  The cupcake was super moist and the icing tasted just like banana pudding!  If you're reading this...stop by Jaz-Jan The Sweet Joint, you won't be disappointed.  Oh and it helps that the ladies inside are super sweet!!!
5	This is a great new neighborhood cupcake shop. These days, cupcake places seem to be a dime a dozen, but ... if there's a special occasion or you just really need a sweet fix, this lady sure knows how to bake! I love desserts, but I'm particular about my sweets, and do not eat them just to eat them. I do not like fake food, processed food, or stuff shipped in from somewhere. Jaz-Jan's concoctions are worth every calorie. She has good coffee, with a little collection of fancy syrups you can add, to go along with her sweets. I had the strawberry lemonade cupcake, which was a dream. I got the Arnold Palmer for a friend, which the owner said she'd not yet perfected, but I tried it, and my friend and I both just loved it. The owner is so welcoming and offers a lovely (soft pink!) sitting area/cafe where you can just relax. This place is a gem, the real deal. NOT a franchise, and not snooty or "edgy" or rude, as some other cupcake places can be, at times. The owner is so genuine and friendly; she makes your experience great.
5	We noticed this shop a few weeks back and finally stopped in tonight right as they were closing. She was so sweet and accommodating even though she had started to put things up already. We got a tropical pineapple. Salted caramel, banana cream, and a chocolate on chocolate. They were all so good and the cake itself was perfect and the icing was not overly sweet. This is going to be great addition to the neighborhood.
5	Very good, went in a few days after she opened, have been several times since.  Valerie the owner is very sweet, I think by now I have tried all the different cupcakes, also ordered chocolate covered strawberries for Valentine's,, have had the chocolate chip cookies, very nice, very welcoming place.
5	Strawberry-Lemonade cupcakes are the BOMB-DIGGITY!!!!! The owner is very warm and inviting as is the shop! Summers coming and she's serving up scoops of cool treats as well!
5	I had the privilege of stopping by this shop yesterday an boy was I, and my sweet tooth greatly surprised.  A charming little pink shop on the corner near the Ayrsley theaters which contained some absolutely mouth watering cupcakes and cookies. I dove into a strawberry cupcake that had me still licking my lips a half hour after I had devoured it. A "must go to" shop.... Valerie is a delight, providing superior customer service....
4	So I work across the street and needed to find a bakery to make a bday cake for a co-worker. I discovered that lo and behold we have one just across the way. I walked on over to take a look. The woman who helped me was absolutely the sweetest ever!! She said she could accommodate anything I needed for the cake. My only hang up was that for a 6 inch round cake she priced it at $60 plus an extra $25 for decorative topping. I'll be honest I'm not up to date on cake prices but it seemed a little high. However I was going to go ahead and place the order the following day and took 2 cupcakes home with me to try out. She very sweetly gave me one of the cupcakes to try for free! So down to it: I got the chocolate/chocolate cupcake because if you've ready my reviews you know I'm all about the chocolate and I would give it 4/5 starts. The cake was moist, and the frosting was good without being gritty or overly sweet. I ate the whole thing which probably wasn't a great plan but it was good!!I also got the Key lime cupcake which I would put at 2.5/5 stars. It was horrible throw away worthy but I just didn't feel it. The cake was not as moist and it lacked any real flavor. The frosting was okay but again It just didn't wow me. I wouldn't get that one again. She didn't have a lot of flavors going on to choose from but this is a small new local establishment and I will be back to support her. Unfortunately I was able to get the kind of cake I was looking for from someone else for almost half the price so I didn't order from her. Jaz-Jan also offers slices of cake, some cookies, and ice cream in the shop so I know I'll be back the next time my sweet tooth kicks in!! 3 stars just seemed to little so I rounded up on this one :)
5	Adorable little cupcake shop! Staff was very nice and the strawberry cupcake with strawberry lemonade frosting was delicious! Coffee was very good and fresh too.
3	Hmm. I don't know how I feel about this shop. For starters if you are only stopping by to get one cupcake have cash because they have a $5 minimum to use debit. They also could use a bell on the door to alert them when people come inside. Okay so onto the cupcakes. From what I saw they had about 6 flavors to pick from. All of the cupcakes are unlabeled so you will have to ask what the flavors. I had the Oreo flavored one which was a vanilla cupcake base with what appeared to be oreos in the batter with and oreo frosting. It definitely seemed like a good selection but boy was I wrong. The cupcake was very dry, not very moist at all.
5	The owner gave me a sample of the frostings before I bought cupcakes. The strawberry lemonade was absolutely delicious. The salted caramel cupcake was also fabulous. Can't wait to come back for more!
4	I bought the chocolate chip cookies. Sweetness and softness. It was a very lovely ending to a stressful day. I think next time I'll try the cakes.
5	Super cute coffee shop with nice staff. Came in to wait while car getting new tires in same complex. Free wifi, good coffee!
4	this bakery is such a cute place . It give a great neighborhood feeling. It wasn't a huge selection but it was about 4 flavor. the cookie i purchase were delicious . i wish she had the name on the cupcake so i would have to ask. also i was standing for a few min before  someone came out she was baking cakes. I suggest a bell on the door. Anyway it was a great experience .
5	LOVE THE SWEET POTATO PIES! My fav cup cakes are the strawberry lemonade, lemon, key lime and I had another one I can't remember what its called. but they are all good.
4	The cupcakes took me by surprise.  I am from NJ and have had the pleasure of indulging in some of the finest cupcake bakeries including Magnolias in NYC.  So, I was a bit skeptical.  I have tried other cupcakeries in the area and none satisfied my craving.  But these were yummy.  The cake was delicious.  It was moist and had a home made taste.  My one drawback is I would like more icing to cover the cake.  Otherwise they are very satisfying.
5	I was looking for a bakery to treat my team to a snack! I checked yelp and found this gem! Omg! We got a dozen assorted flavors. The strawberry lemonade and chocolate with salted caramel were the team favorites!
