4	The park of my childhood.  The park has a pond in the center and I can't even think about how much bread and popcorn I've fed them over the years.  It was fun as a kid, but even better as an adult.  (Free and semi-romantic date when done right before/during sunset)  There are lit basketball and tennis courts.  They also have soccer and baseball fields (aka Kickball) that are well lit too.  And of course, real sand volleyball courts.  I made mini-sand castles there once.  But really the highlight as a kid was the pool.Growing up it was 35 cents to swim, and that was the best 35 cents you could ever spend.  I know it's gone up a bit since then, but I believe it's only about a dollar.  When I was a kid, the best part was the snack bar.  You needed an extra quarter for a locker (and a space on ya to keep your key) and some change for the snack bar because you were not a real kid in north Phoenix until you sat on your towel, dripping from the pool and ate your freshly purchased Fun Dip.  I'm sure it's the same for these kids.  They also have just about the only Farmers Market in North Phoenix on Saturday mornings.  It's not huge, but based on the time of the year there can be some interesting stuff.  It's not huge, but it's culture for North Phoenix.Lots of green trees, good parking and being close to a freeway access makes this an awesome spot just about any time of the year.
4	The park of my adulthood.  I play basketball here a couple times per week, although that might get put on hiatus since the temperature has recently moved into "um, no" territory.  The hoops have the bounciest rims ever in life, but you learn to deal.  On a Sunday night, the crowd is the strangest ethnic mix, from Mexican to Irish to Arab to Italian to people like me, somewhere in between.  I can't say much for the talent.  A lot of guys play like their girlfriends are watching, shooting every time they touch the ball.  It's still good fun.The Saturday farmer's market here is pretty cool, too.  I can score a bag of banana chips for a dollar!  It's my weekly vice.
4	Roadrunner Park is one of the better parks in North Phoenix. The pond is a plus! I always like parks with ponds, because I've always been fond of feeding geese. Ramadas are sporadically placed amongst the park with benches underneath them. It's also very clean, woohoo! The playground is always packed full of kids, which is nice. The Basketball courts are illuminated, and local residents take full advantage of them. I use the park to go running. Tons of open fields make it a nice place to relax. There's also a lot of greenery and trees. Hurrah for shade! I also like the tennis courts, they really complete the park and make it an all-around community center.However, I've never ever ever seen the pool used. At least since I moved here in the early 2000's....Am I the only one?
3	I have been coming to this park at 5:30 in the morning for a few weeks now.  My girlfriend is getting certified as a yoga instructor and wanted to practice with a few friends.  I didn't realize that at that time the area is considered sketchy, until one of my other girlfriends told me so.  I decided to stop coming so early.  I was arriving around 5:15 and there were a couple of cars parked at a weird angle.  The park in general is ok.  It does not work for me and the twins since there is a pond.  I took my twins once and my little boy almost jumped in the water.  That was too stressful.  I am going to miss the yoga, but I am not sure I will come back for a park visit.
2	I've been to this park a few times and it is always very run down. The playground equipment is not in the best shape and is very dirty. The sand is also pretty gross with lots of trash and debris. The picnic tables are falling apart and there isn't much shade. Even the pond looks yucky at times. I do stop by here sometimes early in the morning for a quick run around the park which is nice because it is so open.
4	Nice park. They have a farmer's market on Saturdays, the pond with the ducks is nice too. Nice playground and lots of trees with shade. Nice to come for picnics.
4	I love this park!  My wife and I come here on Saturdays to go to the farmers market and then eat breakfast by the pond (sometimes we even see turtles!). The only downside is there are always unsupervised kids throwing things at the ducks!  Get your kids under control people!!
5	What a great park! So much space it could never be too crowded.  Little pond with ducks and turtles, my daughter had a blast! Very family friendly, has lots of tables and charcoal grills too.  There are basketball & volleyball courts, soccer field, jungle gyms for kids and toddlers, and large open grass fields.  It's kind of hidden between cactus and thunderbird, but right off cactus.  Were probably going to have our daughters bday party here!
