4	Oh my goodness, this shop is gorgeous, I can't believe that I've only just discovered it! All of their clothing is tailored to perfection with excellent fitted jackets and trousers. I noticed a stunning jacket in the window that was slightly padded, it was a chalky grey colour with white patterns on it, it was beautiful but a little out of my price range, unfortunately.They have gorgeous shirts, beautiful dress and even lovely little tweed coats.The beautiful items here certainly don't come cheap but they're definitely worth it as the quality is excellent and you can tell that any item bought from here will last you for years, if not forever.I quickly browsed the guys section but as a girl, I'm a bit clueless when it comes to guys clothing and am far from the type of girls who dress their boyfriends. I like the kind of guy who knows how to wash himself and isn't overly fashion conscious, I couldn't bear being with a guy who is more stylish than I am and the thought of having to share my mirror just makes me feel physically sick so it would never work anyway. (Joke...) Although excellently tailored, the guys clothing here isn't too fancy, no skinny jeans in sight and it would definitely appeal to guys who like fuss free clothing as they had a great selection of simple striped polo shirts.
4	Aubin and Wills is a part of the George Street contingency, and thus is geared towards people who have an ample supply of cash.In American terms, it reminded me very much of Abercrombie & Fitch with a twist of American Eagle Outfitters. The clothes were fairly simple in design and didn't come cheap, but each thread was of the utmost quality.It is a relaxed store where you don't feel pushed to buy. It's orderly and the rales aren't so crammed with stock that it becomes an overload on the senses. It's spacious, airy and sports a beach house look with its wooden shelves and floor decking.The clothing didn't really make a statement but if you're looking to wear something as durable as it is trendy, I would recommend it. It might lead to you spending a lttle more money on a pair of jeans or a t shirt, but sometimes when you go for the cheaper options you are compromising the quality. It couldn't be disputed that the clothing in here is of a high standard, and I would recommend it if you're looking for something lively to invest in that will last a long time.
2	"Ok, ok, yah, darling. Yah, we're going to Zara's later for cocktails yah?""Oh my God did you see Tarquin's new car yah?""I hate poor people."Just a few snippets of conversation you might expect to hear in this shop (OK, I admit it, I made them up, but I feel like they're fairly realistic representations). Yeah, it's one of those shops. Like Jack Wills (same people innit?) but more expensive and even more bland.I mean those clothes are so dull. It's like watching Hatlepool vs. Darlington on a dreary, wet, north eastern winter day. The kind of day where you forget why you even went to the football - you don't even like this kind of football. Or any football. Particularly not the supporters of those football teams.Maybe the clothes are reasonable quality but you'll pay through the nose for it. It's exploitative, because they're such dull clothes. And as soon as you buy them you'll turn into Danny Cipriani, the arse.
1	Jack Wills but for richer kids and about twice the price.Avoid, like the people that wear this stuff avoid the poor.
