1	I wish I was exaggerating. I'm usually a very passive person, and a push over. But this post office, its attendants, and it's carriers have caused me, my family, and my neighborhood so much grief over the past year. I always looked at post office employees as respectable, reliable people. But because of the gross negligent and disastrous mistakes,their poor apathetic and rude attitudes on every possible experience, that image is tarnished. I see criminals. I dread the idea if anything sensitive or important passing through their hands. How can a place so corrupt get away with what they do. I hope that others will come forward as well and join me in reporting them to the Us postal service corporate office headquarters. So many other things in life to be vigilant about. The mail does not need to be in that list. They should be ashamed.
1	Worst post office ever. Horrible service. One of their carriers "said" they made an attempt to dropoff a package and said we wernt home as I watched from my kitchen window their poor lazy non attempt at delivering our package and not wanting to push the code to get into the gate. So we went to the post office to collect this package and they lost it. No tacking number... No info on the package.. No size, no amount , zip zero nothing. Just said basically it disappeared and they don't have it in the back. Gave us a number to call to claim this package which couldn't even help us due to their being zero information to give them. Went back a second time and basically tried to place blame everywhere but themselves. Still haven't gotten our package and am very tired with dealing with such lazy, incompetent workers.
1	What a terrible post office. I've had multiple packages that where not delivered even when they say they are out for delivery. I've lived here for 2-1/2 years, and even did an address change, yet I STILL get mail from people who lived here before me. 2-1/2 years!!! I am currently tracking another package that is supposed to arrive today. My mail has been delivered....minus my package. Terrible
3	It's typical USPS, big building, quite fast service although it was busy as always. The thing was, I couldn't find public restroom in here. Well, I can't complained since all the USPS in here no restroom for public (I guess)...
2	They took out the self serve stamp/mailing machine. So...what's the point? Now you get to wait in line. Go elsewhere if you plan on doing your own Post officing (yeah I made it up). It would be like going to the bank without an ATM.
3	Wow, after over 5 years of going to this post office I see I just discovered I don't have a Review up for it (unless it has multiple Headers)!  WELL...  there have been times in the past when I would have given it a lower rating than this, because sometimes the waitiing line has been long.  Today, though, there were just a few people ahead of me, the wait wasn't long, and my clerk was very friendly and nice.  Thus, it's "A-OK" at least right now for my nearest USPS branch here.     :-)
5	I regularly use this post office since it is the one nearest to my home. Often times when I come in it is very busy however what post office is not. I always have a positive experience The workers are very polite especially April. I'll be back the next time I need to ship a package.
