3	I saw the other review written today and that got me thinking.  Man, I've been going here for something like 9 years now...and every single year their prices seem to get more and more expensive.  Ha Ha.  Their base prices are ridiculous, I don't buy anything unless it is on sale.  This sucks when I need something right away and don't feel like being violated.  I wish they'd take the new JC Penny approach.    Like any pool store they stock and sell an awful lot of stuff that you just don't need to properly take care of your pool.  What really got my attention was their store manager, Louis.  I brought a bottle of conditioner up to the counter and he asked me what I was going to do with it.  I enplaned that I was going to put it in my pool (duh)!  I mean come on, more is better right?!  He politely set me straight and actually told me NOT TO BUY IT!  Wow, the anti salesman.  I was quite surprised, and a little embarrassed at my lack of pool skills.  Spend a few hours scouring the internet and you'll learn what you really need for your pool to look nice. I had Leslie's install a new variable speed pump last year.  The whole thing was pretty painless (you won't hear me say that often about contractors) and I have seen a small decrease in my energy bill.So crappy prices combined with good service has me at a 3 star review.  Guess I'll come back here 'cuase the pool isn't exactly going to take care of itself.
3	I just found yelp today, so I am perusing all the places in the neighborhood and have to agree with Jim 100%.  Our pool drives us crazy and my husband would spend hundreds of dollars a year messing with it, but the redeeming quality of this Leslie's is Louis.  He does seem to run a fair and honest store.  He is friendly and recognizes repeat customers and tries to maintain a return customer relationship.  Kudos Louis because it is hard to trust people who make a living from trying to sell you stuff you don't always necessarily need and it is in their interest to upsell you.  This is why we as customers are always on guard and run like hell from the salesman, but yes, it seems like chlorine is through the roof these days and I haven't been able to keep a pool man yet who wasn't a con artist, so basically Louis advice is all that keeps us going.
5	First Id like to start off by saying I own a pool.  What makes this place so awesome is the staff.  Joe and Mike.  Joes is the manager and definitely knows his stuff involving pools.  And so does Mike.  I buy all my pool supplies from here.  Water test or water analysis are totally free.  If they don't have anything they can definitely order it for you
