4	I had 3 excellent visits. This is the office of Dr. Stephen A. Kovar, DMD, and Dr. Michael D. Margolis, DDS, Doctor of Integrative Medicine, P.C.  I went here for an evaluation and the office was new, with a very modern feel.  LCD screen in front of me showing each detailed xray as it was taken.  For my first visit, I was impressed with Dr. Kovar and his assistant, both very informed.  A clean office with newer equipment too.  They even have he latest digital xray systems which mean much lower radiation for patients, and a much better image than most that are still in use in other offices. This is a great place to go to have your mercury fillings removed the correct and safe way.  I will certainly return.     UPDATE 11/18:  Had 2 more visits in the last 2 weeks to remove the amalgam fillings and replace with non-toxic composite.  Dr. Kovar was excellent.  He took time to explain everything that was happening and made sure I was comfortable the entire time.  I felt very safe knowing that many precautions were taken to safely remove the old mercury fillings in a way that keeps me from inhaling or swallowing the vapor and pieces: such as my own separate oxygen supply, a rubber dam, and a room air filter.  I chose to get nitrous for both visits and I will say loudly, MONEY WELL SPENT!  My 1.5 - 2hr. procedure went by in what felt like 5-10 minutes, but was able to communicate the whole time, when necessary.  The only time I felt minor pain was in the beginning during the novocaine injections, but even that was not bad at all.  Needles just make me nervous and I was more frightened of that than pain.  During the drilling, and filling, I FELT NOTHING.  I was talked to the whole time and explained everything as it was done.  So when the procedure was over and the numbness wore off, I had my first chance to see my teeth without silver.  The job Dr. Kovar did was pretty darn good.  My teeth (all still natural) were sculpted back to their original state, and color matched.  My teeth now look like they did when I was 10 years old, cavity-free and new again. So I would certainly recommend this dentist.  My wife even had a visit here for the same procedure with Dr. Kovar.  She was very pleased.   So now it's time to detoxify my body from the heavy metals that have accumulated over 38 years.     NOTE:  if your current dentist still uses amalgam fillings and thinks it's okay, then please educate yourself on heavy metal toxicity.  Especially mercury.  It's one of the most toxic substances and has no place in our bodies.  Removing these amalgam fillings HAS to be done a certain safe way, like they do in this office.  Regular dentists don't protect you as they are removed and you get poison in your mouth during removal.  Also, all of the amalgams (13) in my teeth had cavity underneath, which Dr. Kovar says is common.  And I had no idea that was even happening.  I'm concerned for those people with old amalgams who don't even know that they are going bad.
5	I would personally only consider a dentist that practices safe protocol in removing mercury amalgams and the replacement of fillings.  Dr Margolis is one of very few dentists who do this expertly. The office staff at My Dentist is amazing helpful and caring.  The office is beautiful and you feel the stress melt away upon entering.  Dr Margolis is caring, approachable and professional and GENTLE.  I felt strongly that he takes his patients best interests to heart.  I am basically a real baby when it comes to having work done in my mouth. I have to say, I had a fantastic experience with Dr Margolis.
5	If you are in search of finding a dentist, stop looking because you just found the most sweet and educated dentists you could have ever asked for in Dr, Margolis and Dr. Kovar. I have been a patient for over 20 years and would never imagine going elsewhere. I have referred so many people and always told.. how great they are. Their staff is always very professional and very friendly. The office is absolutely beautiful and up to date with all the latest technology. I promise you, you will never go anywhere else.
5	Dr Kovar and Dr Margolis are the very best! You will not find another dentist like them! My family and I enjoy going to this office! Always treated like family! Don't have to worry about getting bad dental work.  You get what you pay for!
1	1st - Each doctor will tell you a different thing and diagnose you differently. I had one doctor tell me my receding gums were due to clenching and grinding and then I was told it was due to aggressive brushing. I was then sold a $600 bite plate to protect my teeth and gums either way. I found that each doctor had his own beliefs and stressed them when they worked on you. This is confusing and leads the patient to believe they are not all on the same page. 2nd - They are too quick to blame the patient for technical errors or equipment difficulties. After having to sit for 3 molds and coming several times for fittings the facial plate on my bite plate broke and Dr. Margolis blamed me directly for not heating the bit plate up. I actual did and found I didn't need to as the device fit fine without heating but I warmed it up under the warm tap water anyway. But when I tried to confront Dr. Margolis and say that it was not my fault he became upset and left the room. I believe the resin mixture was off for the 3rd time and the flexibility of the material was compromised. But they insisted that the 3rd fitting was 100% okay and a success and that it was my fault. They suddenly said that if you do not heat it and keep it at a specific temperature while in use it will not be flexible and break. So they said the device had to be warmed because in the mouth it is kept at a constant specific temperature so it can be flexible. I can hardly think that the mouth can keep anything at a specific temperature while you sleep. A thermometer is placed under the tongue for a reason. The bottom line is the facial plates are unnecessary and the resin mixture was most probably off causing the material to be brittle and break at the thinner weak parts of the mold. But instead of taking care of your customer you attempted to blame me. 3rd - Dr. Kovar likes to talk down to his patients and make things up to explain what he believes to be true. A basic understanding of biology, chemistry and other sciences had me cringing at some of the things he said. I actually have an education in physics but he is unaware of that and made several statements that embarrassed me to hear him say as a dentist. They treat patients as if they do not know anything and you are always wrong. Everything is your fault no matter what. And they will make up facts to support your ignorance.4th - If you have any complaints and voice them they will get upset with you and basically tell you to get out. Dr. Kovar decided not to finish my appointment after I expressed my grievances as he was telling me brushing and flossing ELIMINATES 100% of bacteria in the mouth. If you know anything about biology and bacteria you know that is impossible. The mouth is full of bacteria at any given time and brushing and flossing alone will not eliminate it in its entirety. It will reduce it not eliminate it. Brushing alone does not remove all of the plaque (bacteria) from the surface of your teeth. Decay causing bacteria still linger between teeth where toothbrush bristles can't reach. Flossing removes plaque and food particles from between the teeth and under the gum line. The purpose of both brushing and flossing is to REDUCE the amount of bacteria that inhabits your mouth. There were other instances in which he seemed to make things up to back what he was saying. 5th - Furthermore he said a bite plate does not lock in any leftover bacteria in between the teeth and the bite plate. That is impossible if we cannot remove all of the bacteria to begin with. So a bite plate may indeed be causing an extraordinary pocket buildup of leftover bacteria which can then lead to premature tooth decay. But Dr. Kovar instead tried to make up things to deny this completely. Just admit it is certainly possible. I was thinking this because all of a sudden I was getting a cavity or two every time I had a visit and they were all on the top teeth. He then basically blamed me for the cavities by saying it was impossible if you brush and floss before putting the bite plate in. I spend more time than the average person brushing, flossing with the special tool they gave me, using antiseptic rinse, and following with multiple water rinses. I do not eat a bunch of candy either. No soda. I don't even chew gum or the like because I have jaw problems.6th- They try way too hard to convince you to remove all your metal fillings only to replace them with a resin. I have had metal amalgams for many years and I have no issues with them. But I was constantly made to feel stupid for leaving in my metal fillings. And their use of a mask to remove mercury amalgams is a joke. They make you pay for this mask and then go through putting a bunch of hoses and equipment on your face which hurts as Dr. Kovar leans on this crap pushing it into your face. The reason I say it's a joke is because the mask dos not make a complete seal between your face and the mask.  You breathe around the mask.
1	1st - Each doctor will tell you a different thing and diagnose you differently. I had one doctor tell me my receding gums were due to clenching and grinding and then I was told it was due to aggressive brushing. I was then sold a $600 bite plate to protect my teeth and gums either way. I found that each doctor had his own beliefs and stressed them when they worked on you. This is confusing and leads the patient to believe they are not all on the same page. 2nd - They are too quick to blame the patient for technical errors or equipment difficulties. After having to sit for 3 molds and coming several times for fittings the facial plate on my bite plate broke and Dr. Margolis blamed me directly for not heating the bit plate up. I actual did and found I didn't need to as the device fit fine without heating but I warmed it up under the warm tap water anyway. But when I tried to confront Dr. Margolis and say that it was not my fault he became upset and left the room. I believe the resin mixture was off for the 3rd time and the flexibility of the material was compromised. But they insisted that the 3rd fitting was 100% okay and a success and that it was my fault. They suddenly said that if you do not heat it and keep it at a specific temperature while in use it will not be flexible and break. So they said the device had to be warmed because in the mouth it is kept at a constant specific temperature so it can be flexible. I can hardly think that the mouth can keep anything at a specific temperature while you sleep. A thermometer is placed under the tongue for a reason. The bottom line is the facial plates are unnecessary and the resin mixture was most probably off causing the material to be brittle and break at the thinner weak parts of the mold. But instead of taking care of your customer you attempted to blame me. 3rd - Dr. Kovar likes to talk down to his patients and make things up to explain what he believes to be true. A basic understanding of biology, chemistry and other sciences had me cringing at some of the things he said. I actually have an education in physics but he is unaware of that and made several statements that embarrassed me to hear him say as a dentist. They treat patients as if they do not know anything and you are always wrong. Everything is your fault no matter what. And they will make up facts to support your ignorance.4th - If you have any complaints and voice them they will get upset with you and basically tell you to get out. Dr. Kovar decided not to finish my appointment after I expressed my grievances as he was telling me brushing and flossing ELIMINATES 100% of bacteria in the mouth. If you know anything about biology and bacteria you know that is impossible. The mouth is full of bacteria at any given time and brushing and flossing alone will not eliminate it in its entirety. It will reduce it not eliminate it. Brushing alone does not remove all of the plaque (bacteria) from the surface of your teeth. Decay causing bacteria still linger between teeth where toothbrush bristles can't reach. Flossing removes plaque and food particles from between the teeth and under the gum line. The purpose of both brushing and flossing is to REDUCE the amount of bacteria that inhabits your mouth. There were other instances in which he seemed to make things up to back what he was saying. 5th - Furthermore he said a bite plate does not lock in any leftover bacteria in between the teeth and the bite plate. That is impossible if we cannot remove all of the bacteria to begin with. So a bite plate may indeed be causing an extraordinary pocket buildup of leftover bacteria which can then lead to premature tooth decay. But Dr. Kovar instead tried to make up things to deny this completely. Just admit it is certainly possible. I was thinking this because all of a sudden I was getting a cavity or two every time I had a visit and they were all on the top teeth. He then basically blamed me for the cavities by saying it was impossible if you brush and floss before putting the bite plate in. I spend more time than the average person brushing, flossing with the special tool they gave me, using antiseptic rinse, and following with multiple water rinses. I do not eat a bunch of candy either. No soda. I don't even chew gum or the like because I have jaw problems.6th- They try way too hard to convince you to remove all your metal fillings only to replace them with a resin. I have had metal amalgams for many years and I have no issues with them. But I was constantly made to feel stupid for leaving in my metal fillings. And their use of a mask to remove mercury amalgams is a joke. They make you pay for this mask and then go through putting a bunch of hoses and equipment on your face which hurts as Dr. Kovar leans on this crap pushing it into your face. The reason I say it's a joke is because the mask dos not make a complete seal between your face and the mask.  You breathe around the mask.
