5	My team worked really hard last month, allowing us to have one of the best month's this year, so I purchased them all a massage from LaVida Massage.  I had never been to LaVida but they had a coupon on Google and, well, I like coupons!The facility is pretty nice and the rooms are clean.  I think the reception has too many hard surfaces since I could hear the owner talking to someone...but oh well.  I was really impressed with my masseuse Michelle and so was my colleague that went to her as well.  She was attentive and nice which made the experience that much better.  I've been to places where the masseuse either talks your ear off about their personal life or they scold you for engaging in conversation.  YIKES!I liked them so much I scheduled another session in a few weeks.
5	My husband and I purchased the Living Social deal and booked a couples massage with Michelle (my masseuse) and Megan (my husband's masseuse). When we arrived we were pleasantly greeted by the genuinely warm receptionist. It's evident she really enjoys her work :0). We completed our paperwork and she assisted us in selecting a scent for aromatherapy. Michelle and Megan lead us to our room which had great ambiance and comfortable massage tables and linens. During our brief consultation, I told Michelle that my shoulders, neck, and upper back were in need of attention. Throughout the massage she did a remarkable job of blending relaxing and deep tissue strokes based on my body's needs. My upper back was really tight as a result of an increase in intensity of my workout routine. Charles also felt that Megan listened to his body. He said that while many massage therapists have a routine they go through and duplicate on both sides, Megan varied her techniques.When our session was complete, we were on a high. We instantly were ready to book another appointment and are considering the monthly membership.
4	There is no sign of Blockbuster being the initial tenant of this space. LaVida Massage is a beautiful space that instantly helps you let go of any stress. The moment you walk in, there are plush seating, chilled water, and aromatic fragrances to help you begin to unwind. They have two hallways lined with private therapy rooms and each are well decorated and dimly lit. The massage therapist that worked on me was very knowledgable and friendly. They do work on a membership called, Benefits Program, but it is better than other competitors since you can share the service with family members. The initial fee is a deal of $39. Go give them a try!
5	Great!!! I was in need for some pampering!  Found a Living Social deal, and booked it immediately.  I was warmly greeted by the friendly front receptionist.  She assisted me and my husband with getting all our stuff together with the applications and what not. I liked that I was able to enjoy a couples massage with my husband in the room - other places I had to be separate from him!  The masseuse that I had listened to me and did a great job, that I cannot help but to book another appointment!  You shall definitely see me check in in a couple of weeks!
4	My wife and I went in September for a massage upon returning from a destination wedding that previous week. It was a treat for us. We purchased the massages from Living Social  and we definitely got considerable value out of it. The waiting area was very nice and clean. The woman at the front desk was really friendly and welcoming. Sometimes there is a bit of anxiety that comes from using Living Socials and Groupons. We hadn't printed our vouchers in advance, but it was no problem. She allowed us to print out our vouchers there. Afterwards, we chose from a good selection of scents that we liked and met our masseuses. Both my wife and I enjoyed our massages and enjoyed our experience so much that we booked our next appointment (which is a couple of weeks from now). I had previously gotten a massage over at Halcyon Day Salons and Spa, but preferred my experience at Lavida. I would definitely recommend them and look forward to my next massage.
1	I used to have a membership here and if they ever re-open I would never go back based on the way they treated me and my business to them.  The staff who worked there were always great, however, this review is based on the way management handled their closing - it was unheard of!They called a day before my scheduled massage to tell me the Foxcroft location had closed and my membership was transferred to their other location (not a location of my choice).  They couldn't even give me the new address, I had to call back to find out what it was.  I immediately put in a request to cancel my membership after my last massage which had to be "approved by management". The only positive thing I'd say is they didn't charge me a fee to cancel like I was warned "could" happen.   I have heard from other clients they were treated worse.  Not a way to handle your clients!
3	I had a good massage, pretty much effective at the last few minutes. I still got my back pain but it's not that bad anymore. I will be back for another session and see if it works all good and  Ill give a 5 star .
