3	Hidden in a parking lot near Sam's Club. this small establishment packs a pretty full menu. The dishes that I have tried are not bad. The food is made to order because you can see the cook behind the counter making the food. This is not the best place for Thai or Chinese but for a little joint in the wall it meets expectations.
4	Ordered food for take out several more times from Mr. Chop Chop. I would have to say that this place has earned itself a soft spot in my tummy. The spicy catfish was very good. Lots of vegetables. I ordered it 5/5 spicy and my innards paid the price. I am a wimp when it comes to spicy food and I do not know what possessed me to order this dish very spicy.  Pad sew was decent. pad thai was better than average. The panang curry was very flavorful. Stuffed chicken wing was very good. They have a lot of dishes on the menu that I will surely try.Hole in the wall but very good.
3	I ordered the crispy duck today and it was HORRIBLE. I had one bite and that was all that I could take. Do not order the DUCK. Catfish and panang was still pretty good.
4	It's at least open till 9:30, amazing in this "24 hour" town and it tastes great.  Can't beat a 7.95 dinner special with drink, egg roll and soup.  If they deliver to UNLV, it's a five.
5	This is the best Thai food around. Don't be fooled by the building, the mother and daughter team serve up home cooking at it's best. Spicy catfish. Enjoy !!!!!
3	Not bad. I was leaving work and saw this on the drive home. With such a name it caught my attention. So I thought "what the heck" and gave it a go. I ordered te pad Thai chicken dinner. The egg soup with creamy. The fried rice was strong with flavor. It actually stood out more to me than my pad Thai. The pad Thai was spicy, as requested. Personally I prefer my pad Thai ingredients not mixed in, but I'm not super picky. Overall it was pretty flavor full and a greatful serving.
5	Delicious Thai food. I work within walking distance of Mr. Chop Chop, so I often drop by for lunch. The lunch specials are very cheap and very tasty. Try their Pad Thai and their curries.
5	this place is so delicious and cheap.  Very friendly and fast.Ask for no MSG and free delivery.They give you a lot of food.  great for a local neighborhood thai place.
5	This place is great. When we first went there, we weren't sure how the food would be, but we were extremely happy with the quality & amount of food, and the pricing was great, too. You can get several dinner specials for just $7.95 +tax, which comes with a drink, soup, and an egg roll.The main reason I'm so impressed with Mr. Chop Chop, though, is that when my other half went in the other night to pick up dinner, the owner pointed out that we were just in the day before. He mentioned that I wasn't feeling well, and the owner told him to wait a moment. She went in the back and made me a bowl of vegetable soup from scratch. We go to a lot of restaurants on a regular basis, but none of them have ever done that for us. Mr. Chop Chop is fantastic all around. Go there, you won't be disappointed. :)
4	I like this place. Good food,service and price. I'm trying the spicy mint and I'm ordering number 5!! It was just fine. They give you an even portion. The fish cakes was good also!
4	I have to admit, I had probably driven by this place hundreds of times without ever giving it a thought. After all, what kind of authenticity could I expect from a place with such a silly name? Who is this Mr. Chop Chop, and is he the mascot of the restaurant? Well, OBVIOUSLY I was a fool. A silly, misguided fool! Whoever Mr. Chop Chop is, I'd definitely want to be his friend. We've ordered from them twice and its been consistently flavorful and fast. The boy always gets a red curry when we have thai, and the first time he got a Mongolian beef that he enjoyed. Last time we ordered the curry, spicy mint pork, chicken satay, tom yum kai and crab rangoon. The rangoon was fat with cream cheese and a bit of crab, and the wontons were light and crispy. The curry was spicy and had lots of vegetables with juicy bits of chicken. I love tom yum kai and use it as my gauge, and their's was great. It had a definite home-made feel, with big chunks of galangal and lemongrass. The chicken was tender and definitely a lot fresher than some of the other places I've tried. They put strips of jalapeno into the soup and it was definitely spicy! The satay came with a peanut sauce and some sweet vinegar pickles that were delicious! A great compliment to the rich peanut sauce. The pork was also good, with a medley of vegetables and lots of chunks of fresh garlic. The meat was flavorful without being dense or overly porky, and the mint was a great addition. It made the whole dish taste lighter, fresher and more balanced. The delivery was relatively quick, within an hour, and we were very satisfied with the spice level. Most places go easy on it doubting our abilities as caucasians, leaving me to dump chili sauce into it. That was definitely not the case here, my first bite of the tom yum kai was a  shock. So spicy! It was great! I appreciate their generosity with the spice. We only got one rice with the meal, but it was enough for the meal. I may need to make a fresh batch for the leftovers, of which there is plenty. We got a ton of food for about $40 with enough for another meal. If we hadn't been so enthusiastic about trying things, we probably could have gotten a third meal out of it. Yummy food and close to home, I look forward to trying more of their offerings.
4	So I've been coming to Mr. Chop Chop for years when i was working in Vegas full time.  This is probably the best value for your dollar when it comes to lunch.  I tend to go for the red or yellow curry with a medium hotness which there tends to lean towards really spicy.  The lunch comes with tasty egg drop soup, rice, and a egg roll.  The service is fast, the people are super friendly, and the lion king tunes jamming in the back round only add to the ambiance.  If you're ever low on cash or just want some tasty Thai in a hurry, check this place out for sure.   Here's to you Mr. Chop Chop, whomever you might be. :D
1	omgThis is the only place I have ever been to where the server (family help) said they had run out of hot water to make tea. Really??Babies crying, i wasnt sure if i was at their house or restraunt.
4	Since Matt S. didn't want to share his Tom Yum Goong with me, I decided to get my own.  This was a little bit of a drive for me, but it was worth it!  I was greeted by the familiar face of a waitress that used to work at Thai Grill, "Hi Dan!"  Good to see a familiar face!  The dining area was small and simple, with a lot of pictures of the Thai royalty, and of course that Mr. Rogers picture.I only got the Tom Yum Goong today, and can echo what Matt said.  The broth is nice and sour.  I probably didn't get it spicy enough this time, but it was perfect for my backed up sinuses.  The whole mushrooms were just awesome, and Matt was right on about the shrimp.  Not only were the shrimp plentiful, but they were crisp and tasty.  This is a pretty authentic tom yum, no holding back with the flavors on this one.I hope that I can return and try some of the other goodies here.  It is a far drive for me, but I'd make an exception for this little place!
2	This place is super close to my work so I went there today to enjoy some Tom Yum soup. The person taking the order did not even know what we were ordering so he had to go to the back to see if they make it. Come to find out yes they do so we ordered that and some sweet and sour chicken. When we got our order the Tom Yum soup did not look like what we normally order this one was full of noodles and had no mushrooms but we tried it anyway took a couple bites and that was enough for us yuck. Next was the sweet and sour chicken yuck fried way to long and the chicken was dry. My fried rice was suppose to come out with my chicken but they forgot to make it so I had to eat my chicken and wait for the rice to come out like it was my dessert. When the cook saw the waiter throwing away a whole bowl of soup she was curious why so she asked us. We told her that Tom Yum soup we are use to is not full of noodles come to find out the waiter ordered us the wrong dish!! She made us a new batch of soup to take home I have not tried it yet so we will see. I wish they would not have family helping out that does not know anything about Thai food. WEIRD
2	Super sad. I was told this place was super awesome.  I got the yellow chicken curry, which has carrots, bell peppers, and potatoes. I was really looking forward to it.  The curry flavor was good, but the vegetables seemed oddly cooked.  They just had weird textures.  I was trying to eat all the vegetables so I could enjoy it more, but it was mostly vegetables.  It was a big portion for the price, so they get a star for that.  I also ordered online for delivery, which I think is awesome and it didn't take long. I think they charge too much for the delivery fee though.Next time IF I order from here again I'll get pad thai....maybe that will be better.
4	Great food & delivery service! The pad thai is delicious and is somewhat spicy, which I loved! Portion is generous, but a little smaller than Kung Fu Thai & Chinese for the same price. Also - great lunch and dinner specials! I will definitely be ordering from here again!
4	The tom kha khi is amazing here!  It is very creamy, well balanced and flavored.  It has small slices of galanga, mushrooms, chicken, basil leaves, and other yummy herbs.  This was one of the better tom khas I have had in a long time!I also had the shrimp with yellow curry sauce.  It was lightly sweet, and more of a paste than a liquid curry.  It had lots of bell peppers in it.  The flavor was good, although I thought it could have been a little more potent.  I probably would order this hotter next time.  Also tried the mint chicken, and unfortunately I wasn't a big fan of this version.  I felt like the mint sauce was a little bland, and a bit salty (although my friend didn't detect any saltiness).  I enjoyed my second visit to Mr. Chop Chop, and would frequent this place again even though it is a long drive for me!
2	Totally hole in the wall type of restaurant. I had a calamari appetizer and pad thai. The calamari was really good but the sauce needs to be a bit spicier. The pad thai was not great, the noodles was too chewy. I thought it was undercooked. The price is perfect, not that expensive for their lunch specials. BUT quality is just not that good for me.
4	Came in for dinner last night, Mr Chop Chop is a family run business where the husband wife and even the teenage son's were working. You won't get fancy decor, it's away from the strip and in a run down mostly vacant strip center. I was a little reluctant eating here, but seeing this family working reminded me of myself working at my families Chinese restaurant years ago - when I was only 15 years old. Mr. Chop Chop is tiny place but their food is tasty, has generous portions and is reasonable. I ordered the fish cake appetizer (awesome dipping sauce), Chili paste delight with catfish and yellow curry chicken. Overall I was happy with the quality and taste here and would recommend Mr Chop Chop for lunch or dinner.
5	Excellent full platter of crispy duck the other night, a good deal for less than 15 bucks. They did deliver to UNLV, but the minimum charge and delivery fee do not make this a normally feasible option for me.
3	My choice for local delivery when I'm looking for some quick, cheap takeout. So far I am a fan of their lunch and dinner specials, along with their tom kha. The soup is filled with fresh, plain veggies and if you order spicy, they deliver on the heat! A good option if you are in the area or are a neighbor, and quick too.
2	The Tom Yum Goong here was good.  It had a great balance of hot and sour, along with generous portions of mushroom, tomato and shrimp.  At spice level 3 out of 5 my lips felt some fire, but my tongue didn't taste much heat.  With this being the first dish brought out, I felt that it was a strong start to the meal.  The other highlight of the night were the Chop Chop Original Thai-Style Chicken Wings.  The sauce was good; the chicken, not so much.My palate and experience for Thai food is admitedly limited, since I always like to order Panang Curry and Pad See Ew whenever I'm at a Thai restaurant.  Due to that habit I've come to form my own expectations for these two dishes, and those expectations were not met at Mr. Chop Chop.  The Panang Curry had a sweet flavor, and the Pad See Ew tasted like noodles that were just heated up; not much flavor was present.One thing that was different about this meal was that each dish came out on it's own, as if each dish was it's own course.  We were at the restaurant for two hours, and much of that time was spent eating.  Out of the five dishes we ordered, four of them were ordered at the same time at the beginning.  I don't know if they usually serve their food one dish at a time, but I was definitely expecting most of the food to come out together.  Two stars says it all: I've experienced better.
5	Hidden gem.
4	One of the best deals in Las Vegas with their $5.95 lunch specials (which includes a drink).  some of the best yellow curry I've had at any price and the people are fantastic.  Wish I still worked in the vicinity but defintely worth the drive!
5	Everything tastes great here. Prices are very reasonable.
4	The Lunch/Dinner specials are great deals! A cup of soup, entree (with choice of rice) and soda for one low price. The service is pretty good, as it is a family owned/operated establishment, they all care more than most places.Add to that, the prices are very, very reasonable, bordering on just plain cheap! But inexpensive cheap, not wal-mart product cheap (ie cheap for the sake of being cheap, without quality, flavor, etc).On those cold days, or when you aren't feeling so well, a bowl (they should call it a small bucket) of egg drop soup hits the spot and is oh so delicious!
3	Not bad at all... For Vegas Chinese it's in the top 20%... Good food and good amount of options. Lunch specials are the way to go! I had to deduct a star though because it's isn't quick delivery and they charge 5 bucks for delivery. With so many options available, I only order Mr. Chop Chop when some one else insists.
4	The food is great! Great price specials for lunch and dinner.  If you eat in, it includes the soup.  There is a surcharge for delivery, so pick up or better ye,t eat in is the best choice. Drinks are in the can and no free refills.
4	Love the food here, especially the curries.
4	When you enter Mr Chop Chop and see the paintings on the wall done by the owner/chef on the walls you may think you stepped into the local seniors art fair. The tables and decor are odd to say the least. The staff are the owners kids and are less than enthusiastic servers/prep cooks. Once you get past these oddities you can really expect a low cost, quality Thai-Chinese dining experience.The shop is within walking distance from our house and we must have passed 1000 times without entering due to the external design. But after noticing the local firefighters getting their dinner there daily we figured we'd give it a shot.The food is mostly hand made and the Pom fish commented about below is now on the menu as a special. And.....its tasty. The cook will make you anything you'd like if you ask. I like the Tom Ka soup with chix, very spicy.They are always accommodating and the prices are very reasonable.One drawback is they do not have a liquor license and there is no beer. :)They do a great take out business as well.Give this little local hole in the wall a shot and see what you think.
4	I ordered the yellow curry with chicken and it was so delicious! I would have given 5 stars, but the egg roles were pretty greasy and flavorless.
1	HORRIBLE! Don't waste your money or time.After a quick overview of previous reviews my son and I decided this looked like a good place to dine for the evening. BOY WERE WE WRONG. Upon entering you get a feeling that maybe you've chosen wrong. As we have eaten at many hole in the wall places and they were fabulous, we said to never judge a book by it's cover. The service was poor and I think that was due to the fact the owners employ both of their sons ages 13 and 15. I don't like to speak ill about children so this is more or less to the choice of their parents. Upon entering we were not greeted and seated. We went up to the take out counter, grabbed a menu and asked our server/bus boy who was cleaning tables, where we should sit. He stated, "Oh, well, any where but that table because I haven't cleaned it yet." After cleaning the rest of the tables he came to take our drink order. It was clear the boy had no training. He didn't know all of what was on the menu or what the dishes were made up of....sad. We ordered an appetizer of wontons, Singapore noodles and Yellow Curry Cream Sauce Shrimp. Let me tell you this is absolutely the worst tasting Asian food I have ever tried to eat. When the wontons came, I kid you not, there was less than a quarter size filling in each. Some of them even had less than a wonton strip full of filling! When I brought the boy server to the table to address it and had it taken back to the kitchen to show the chef he told me that sometimes, depending on who makes them, they are less full. Really kid, that was ridiculous and a poor excuse. PHOTO IS ATTACHED!As for the yellow "cream sauce" curry....it was not a cream sauce at all and definitely not as pictured on their menu. Photo is also attached. Sorry to say this but I was highly disappointed, will never return and absolutely would not recommend anyone choose this joint if you are looking for Authentic Thai or Chinese.
5	Great food and fast delivery to Luxor! We had Pad Thai and Pad Se Ew, and both where prepared exactly the way we expected.Thank you so much!
5	Cordial people, good food. I am there often for lunch. Will continue to go there. No issues here!
5	This looks like a family run restaurant, you can watch the food being cooked because the kitchen is open. Fresh fresh fresh clean environment and tasty food!!
3	Mr. Chop Chop is a decent-enough neighborhood Thai restaurant with friendly service, with a few winning dishes, but many lacking in flavor.  The big draw for this Thai food is the consistent use of fresh ingredients--most of the dishes are made up of crisp vegetables full of flavor (fresh mushrooms everyone! -- You'd think that would be a standard in food everywhere, but other Vegas places do love a canned mushroom).The best dishes here are the curry dishes and the Tom Yum soups.  If you're a Tom Yum fan, Mr. Chop Chop serves up a delicious hot and sour soup chock full of vegetables.  And you can't go wrong with the curry dishes.  Each one I've ordered is spicy and tasty and delicious.There are some missteps around the menu as well.  The papaya salad was sadly bland and the Pad See Ew was disappointing.  It makes it hard to want to test out new dishes.Bottom line: 3 stars for the fresh ingredients, excellent curry dishes, and Tom Yum soup.  Add in half a star for the personal customer service.
5	I love this place. Been coming here since 2004. By far the best pad thai I've ever had! The family who runs it are so great, I'll be sad when I move to Seattle and can't get the pad thai anymore!
5	Get delivery from here lots, always hot and speedy, would not recommend eating in.
5	Great food not too greasy not too sweet. It had the right amount of basil and spice.
5	Although there are several good Thai places near us (each with their own strengths & weaknesses), we order from Mr. Chop Chop frequently for delivery.  The food is always fresh and tasty. The delivery time is always 45 minutes plus though despite us being only down the street because there are always half a dozen orders ahead of ours--and yes, I know we are lazy to have them deliver when we only live 5 minutes down the street.  The food is definitely worth the wait though.Mr. Chop Chop is my favorite Thai place because are **consistently** yummy and *SPICY*.   Also the family who runs the place is very nice.  Service is always friendly even when they are slammed.If you love spicy food, this is the place for you. Most Thai places are hit and miss on the heat level. Even when I frequented other restaurants (to the point where they knew me), one order I would get would be perfect (very spicy) and then next time I would order it would be incredibly mild.  Not Mr. Chop Chop. If you say 6 out of 5 spicy, it will be always be 5-7 out of 5 spicy :). Unfortunately, my boyfriend  has been having problems with super spicy food lately, so we have been forced to tone it down and order only 4 or 5 out 5. It is still flavorful and enjoyable even at the lower heat levels.Our normal order (these all get a rating of 10 out of 10):+ Yellow Chicken Curry - YUMMY!+ Spicy Mint Chicken- YUMMY!+ Spicy Eggplant Tofu - Note on this one, somewhat frequently they run low on eggplant and you end up with way more tofu than eggplant :(. It's still yummy though.+ Pad-see-ew Beef - VERY yummy but not the best I've had (there was one other restaurant that had the best pad-see-ew ever). I like that it's not greasy like most other Thai places though.+ Pot stickers (chicken) - I love pot stickers so I may be biased. Other items we've tried:+ Yellow Curry Cream Sauce - We didn't care for this. I haven't had it anywhere else so I don't know if it's just Chop Chop's or that we just plain don't like this (I think it's the latter).+ General Tso's Chicken - It's a Chinese dish so I didn't expect it to be super great from a Thai restaurant, but it's good (better than when you order it from most Chinese restaurants). My  brother likes this dish, so that's why we ordered it a few times. I just don't care for sweetness that much though.I think we have tried their Panang before, but I don't care for Panang that much in general and neither did the boyfriend, so we never ordered it again.
5	Mr. Chop Chop is my favorite place to eat!! It is all family in here working.. They treat each customer wonderfully! The food is delicious and always cooked perfectly! Great place to eat!
1	I don't know if they had an off day or something, but the food was just horrible. I ordered the pad Thai noodles, chicken chow mien and egg rolls.  The best thing we got was the chicken chow mien, but don't get too excited it was the best of the worst.  They do give large portions of food, but I like quality over quantity. The pad Thai sauce tasted like it came from a box. Most of my order went into the trash :( the egg rolls hardly had any meat in it.  We asked for hot mustard as a condiment and we got some weird concoction of curried spice with French's yellow mustard.  Needless to say it was disgusting. I was super sad when they said they don't make walnut shrimp, but hey it happens!  They have cashew shrimp, but after reading the ingredients I knew it was far from what I wanted. Maybe it was a bad day for the chef?! Regardless I doubt I will be coming back.  I was super excited about trying this place too because of the ratings and reviews.  I am severely disappointed.  Perhaps it's because they try to cater to two different types of cuisines.  Maybe they should concentrate on being a Chinese restaurant and drop the Thai stuff.
1	I've never written a review on Yelp. Not ever. But after our experience in the Las Vegas desert, I feel obligated as a man of decency to contribute and help those who would befall the same fate as we did. The debate began with a growing urgency for sustenance, as we were reeling from a heavy day of soaking our livers in beer, tequila, Fireball, and some ungodly concoctions called "Buzz Balls". Mr. Chop Chop arose as a solution because apparently, crab rangoon was not available on other delivery menus as far as we could tell. Why we were even considering ordering seafood for delivery in any form while in the middle of a goddamn desert is beyond my comprehension, but the group was insistent. We placed a large order to feed six and were told that delivery would be a one hour affair. With time to kill, there were a few beers left and the film "Tower Heist" was airing on television. If you've ever seen "Tower Heist", capped by brilliant penmanship and epic performances from Ben Stiller and Casey Affleck, then you know that such a cinematic gem can only build your appetite for the finest Asian cuisine, because you are literally starving for quality after watching such schlock. Enter Mr. Chop Chop, not one, but two hours later.The crab rangoons looked like they were previously used as suppositories in a subsidized retirement community. Usually having no crabs in Vegas is a good thing, unless you're expecting it in your food as opposed to your nether region. I could not surmise a more pathetic excuse for this staple of Ameri-Asian cuisine than what revealed itself in those styrofoam containers. Suffice to say, they are rotting in a dumpster somewhere in the bowels of the Wynn property.The chicken chow mein noodles tasted as if God decided that sodium no longer had a place on the table of periodic elements. Consider the effect on our ecosystem if this were the case. All sea life would perish, average blood pressure would drop, and Mr. Chop Chop's cooking would still be available to damn civilization. I made it through about five bites before wisely placing the carton in the $25 incidental refrigerator we had delivered to the room. Some poor sap was going to get drunk later and eat that. But I knew it wouldn't be me. In the aftermath of eating, everyone in the group was writhing in pain. There was no satisfaction on the miserable faces of my companions. People would disappear randomly in 20 minute intervals and I can only imagine that this was time spent slumped over the toilet in a desperate attempt to void our bodies of the filth that was Mr. Chop Chop's plague. Ipecac syrup would have tasted like holy ambrosia at that point. To those that wrote positive reviews, I have two theories. One is that you have personal ties to the restaurant, which is totally fine. People come onto Yelp all the time to defend their establishments, however fruitless and absurd it may be. The second theory is that you've never left the desert, nor eaten any other Asian cuisine in your life. I'm not here to knock you down or criticize your taste. Many find comfort in bland, diarrhea-inducing food to "flush" themselves, and I respect that. This beef is between me and Mr. Chop Chop. And should this beef ever resolve itself, it certainly won't be in any dish served by this restaurant in the lonesome outskirts of the Las Vegas strip.
1	How can you call EGG ROLLS vegetarian?! Eggs = vegetarian?! I will also add that there was pork in them, a very small amount.  Excuse me, but do you work there? If so I am sorry if I offended you or your wife on her cooking, although last time I checked Yelp is an open forum for people to share individual opinions on dining experience with others.  Maybe you should use this post as constructive criticism rather than resort to childish rants on women's 'monthly cycles' as though that would be a reason for me to write a post where I continuously say it may have been an 'off day' for the chef. Regardless, Stephen T. that post you wrote was very unprofessional and thus proves why I will not recommend anyone to eat at Mr. chop-chop.
3	Is a family restauran nothing exaiting the place is ok but she burn my Padd see u every time and i stop eating there
5	This is my favorite place to eat,  hands down.  I live then so much and the family that runs it is amazing!  I recommend the pad Thai, garlic thai wings, sweet and sour chicken and kung pao beef.  Their lunch specials ate greasy for eating in too because they come with soup and a wonton :)  I  Mr. Chop Chop. We've been loyal customers for years and we always will be!
4	I ate there for the first time today and had fried wontons and spicy green bean with chicken. They were both delicious. I could only eat about half the food. The food was very fresh. The green bean dish had mint leaves. That was the first time at any restaurant that the leaves were fresh enough to taste. The wonton had actual pieces of chicken instead of a minced paste that many serve. I will definitely eat here again. They have both Chinese and Thai dishes.
5	Ordered delivery. Food was hot and fresh. Orange chicken was great. Combination fried rice was awesome, big shrimp in it. Only downfall was I got not sweet and sour sauce for my wontons. But food is excellent
1	Not quite sure what just happened. My roommate and I just walked into this completely empty restaurant and the staff looked at us like they were confused as to why we were there. There was a giant pink dollhouse on one table in the center and glasses on a couple others. I said "This is a restaurant, right?" Guy says "yes", apologizes and starts clearing dishes. I felt like I'd just walked into a stranger's living room. It was surreal. And no I don't know how the food is because ew.
