1	Initially the Customer Service from the woman who collects the items was wonderful, and the price was great for what I was having cleaned!  However, when I picked up my items, 2 of my shirts had yellow and brown stains all over to collar and top of my shirts, so I sent those back, and took home the rest of my items. When I got home, 2 pairs of pants had been shrunk (tighter through the leg, slightly shorter inseam). Both of these had been dry cleaned before (at another location) and did not shrink. 4 weeks later I am still waiting on my other shirts. I have called and was told that the stains cannot be removed, it must have been my cologne, and that I would have to take them back to the store I bought them from and claim a "manufacturer defect." This is completely unacceptable. Neither shirt has been worn more than 7 or 8 times each, and both have been dry cleaned before, and I always wear cologne, and I have never had this problem. They refuse to do anything about it. I have been given the run around on the phone, but am basically being told it is my fault that they ruined my shirts.
1	I had been a customer at Morningstar Cleaners for about 5 years and found the prices to be great and the ladies who work the store front to be wonderful!  However,  I have now had 2 incidences of  items returned to me with brown stains that were not previously there!  The owner will not take responsibility for the stains, address me directly, or offer a reimbursement for the ruined clothing.  BAD BUSINESS!!  I will not be returning!  Simply acknowledging the mistake and giving me a fair price (even a store credit) for the ruined clothing would have kept me on as a long time customer.
5	I have been to numerous dry cleaners and I recently started using Morningstar Cleaners. They are always friendly and so far I love the results. Have to love that they offer not only quality but fast service. The owner 'Ben' goes above and beyond to satisfy my dry cleaning needs.  I hate to pay for dry-cleaning, but their rates are very affordable and the service is so great that it really does make it worth it.
5	I've had several clothing items dry cleaned here and I'm very happy with the results.  I've taken in everything from cocktail dresses to my winter coats. Every is cleaned exceptionally well at a great price and pretty quickly too. Everyone that works there are super nice and professional as well.  I highly recommend this shop.
1	I took 2 black shirts size L and they came out XXL I gave them the opportunity to rectify the situation in any kind of way and and sorry it's all I got. Customer service goes a long way and If I can save someone to get their clothes ruined at this place, my job here is done.
