5	I have been to the Camelback location - This place has a serious selection and great prices!! I usually visit pre-season ( NOW!) or post-season for the best deals on pants, hats and gloves - some of the necessities that I am not too picky about.I visit here to get my daughter's snowboard pants (every year!!) She's growing like a weed so our friends are getting great hand-me-downs in the meantime!!
2	Wide selection and ok prices. I've been waiting for the last 2 hours to pick up my rental equipment. No obvious system to help service people.
4	I dig this place and let me tell you why...They have awesome selection of skis, clothing and everything between.The manager does a good job of steering you towards the more expensive jackets, so keep that in mind. The staff is generally pretty good here and helpful.They have a better selection of Spyder gear than any other place I know of outside of CO.Rental gear is sucks... maybe that is part of the plan...give you crap to ski with so you want to buy your own good stuff!One of the best things is that you can buy your lift ticket for Snowbowl and a host of other mountains right in the store! Hey if it's the same price as on the mountain and saves you time not having to wait in a lift ticket line...count me in!So get your rental gear here and your lift ticket and save the time and hassle on Snowbowl.Lookin forward to a great 2011 ski season!
4	I'm not from AZ, but I found this shop online. They've got a large selection of gear. I don't know why, but my experience w/ their customer service is completely opposite from some of the others giving this place a lower rating. I bought my girlfriend's snowboard setup from skipro for a good deal w/ free shipping (Xmas gift), board n bindings came quick, but I received 2 of the same side bindings (2 rights). Note, these were 09 bindings. I called them right away, but unfortunately, they didn't have the size I needed in stock. So they gave me a sweet deal for some 2010 bindings for the same model! On another occasion, I ordered some new bindings for myself, but there was a defect in one of the adjustable footbeds. Again, I was on the phone w/ them. They emailed me the UPS return slip, called me when they got them back and kept me updated w/ the progress. (it couldn't be repaired in the store so they contaced the manufacturer for replacement). Only negative I have is that I've had to send something back to them on both of my transactions, but I have to give them 4 stars for the customer service I've experienced. Maybe you'll have better customer service if you deal with them online rather than in person. Go figure.
1	Is it possible to give "zero" stars?I've been in there twice and the employees were rude, both times.  I'm not the "Scottsdale Elite", but seriously... I'm a paying customer too.  The little boy who said he was the manager was rude too.
2	Mixed experiences here. Staff is mostly disinterested, but some are helpful. I would question some of their knowledge about skis and equipment. A guy named Justin seems the most knowledgeable of all. The last tune they did on my skis was so bad I had to take them to another shop near the ski resort to have de-tuned to make them ski-able again! On the positive side, great selection of stuff and prices seem quite reasonable.
1	This place really sucks I went in there to rent equipment and the staff acted like they didnt want to help anyone out. I mean I know working sucks, but come on it's your job. So I give this place one star for the staff being rude, and the fact that i had to go to the Ski Pro in Mesa to rent the clothes that fit me. In the end I wish I had rented everything from the Ski Pro in Mesa. Mesa Ski Pro is a lot more polite and will be more than willing to help you find what you need.
4	Ski Pro is one of those places that I've driven by hundreds of times and every time I do, I see sale signs and think to myself..."I need to check it out." So I finally can say that I stopped for a visit instead of driving by and I'm pleased I did! Ski Pro has pretty much anything you can think of when it comes to skiing gear. Whether it's equipment or clothes you need, Ski Pro has it here. They have everything including the latest, greatest and cutest stuff. I think I mentally spent $1,000 on ski gear during my visit. They have a huge selection of adorable Spyder gear including hats, pants, jackets, etc. They also have a decent amount of North Face too. Ski Pro has some of the best sales I've seen and even in the height of ski season, they still offer sales. Not only was so much gear on sale, but when I visited they also took an extra 10% at the cash register. Not bad! I didn't rent any gear so I can't write a review on the rental process, but when it comes to purchasing gear to look the part, Ski Pro has it mastered!
4	Somehow I lucked out and found a place to live that's walking distance from just about everything that could possibly matter to me, and that includes what is probably the premier ski and ride shop in the desert.Ski Pro is stocked better than the ski shop I frequent in Colorado, and unlike the Colo stores, Ski Pro wants to move stuff: Sales, sales and more sales. I just picked up a ski suit for my kid that was marked down from $175 to $59. It's still the middle of the season, folks.  They also appear to have a great selection of skis and boards, but that's a once in a blue moon type of purchase for me. Suffice it to say that they are stocked up with just about everything I could imagine needing for my wintertime hobby. And they are basically in the backyard of the Biltmore.As far as the help goes, it's about average for this sort of business: No more subservient or attentive than absolutely necessary. These guys and girls are from a background of leisure and are working in a leisure business. Most probably come from the sort of middle-class families who can afford to ski. Asking them to be smiley and super-attentive is contrary to the spirit of these places--it's like expecting surfers to wear suits and ties. At least they didn't seem stoned, paranoid and semi-hostile-- like most ski shop employees in Colorado.So check it out, and hang loose about the service, dude . . . Way . . .
4	My husband takes a couple of ski trips a year, and I couldn't help but notice his ski pants recently... they were literally duck taped together, they were so old!So, when his birthday rolled around recently, I knew just where to go: Ski Pro!  I was on a search to buy him new ski pants for his birthday and Ski Pro delivered.  Unfortunately, the pants I purchased for him were a little too big.  But luckily, he was able to exchange them no problem and they even credited him the difference since the ones he found were less expensive...The staff that worked with both of us was friendly and helpful, and they had a decent selection to boot.  I'd definitely return to Ski Pro for future snow ski, snowboard, and/or water ski needs.  Oh, and if you're not up for purchasing your accessories or equipment, they offer rentals too.
5	i was in last week to purchase a contour helmet camera and the minute i walked in the door i was was greeted with a smile.  This made me feel very comfortable and not pressured. The staff was very knowledgable and helpful .  I can honestly say i left the store with what i wanted and very happy with the attention i was given.  Thank you ski pro staff and i would recommend the shop to everyone.  I am giving the shop five stars.
5	walking into Ski Pro felt like I was walking into a dream!!! They have everything you need if you are into skiing, snowboarding, or wake boarding. I was there this last Saturday just to look at a board that I have been drooling over online for the last 2 weeks. My bf and I were immediately asked if we needed help. We were at Sports Chalet the day day before and left empty handed because the girl who worked in the snowboarding dept. had no idea what she was talking about. Ski Pro was the exact opposite. A very helpful and informative guy by the name of Cody answered all of our questions. He gave us his personal advice over what size board would be right for me. We also asked if the newest season of the board we were looking at was any different than the one I wanted. He assured me both boards were almost exactly identical but that I would be paying $85 more just for this years graphics (which sucked by the way.) After speaking with him I felt confident in the purchase I was making, and so happy that I ended by a new pair of pants that I didn't really even need. I am just sooooooo impressed by their large inventory, the shop-ability of the store, the prices of everything, as well as the great customer service that was provided. This was my first time ever going to Ski Pro and I will never shop anywhere but here for my snowboarding needs. Thanks Cody and Ski Pro, you make Sports Chalet look like a Wal Mart. :)
5	I needed to fill in holes in my ski wardrobe--nothing too fancy, as I only ski once in a blue moon. I walked in and upon asking one of the employees, Susan, where to find ski pants (preferably on sale), she took me right to the spot, and proceeded to help me find everything I needed. She was just great. Helped me find the right sizes and fits for a helmet, water-resistant pants, the whole kit--AND saved me a significant amount of money by bringing out items that were top brands on sale. She was also tremendously nice and knowledgeable about everything from the clothes to the slopes. I walked out very happy and with all the supplies I need to stay warm on the mountain. Superb service, wonderful staff, very competitive prices. Thanks, Ski Pro! You've got a customer for life.
4	good equipment and service to rent skis
5	My husband and I just retired and were ready to buy downhill ski equipment after renting for years. Our first stop was Ski Pro.  Andy T spent a lot of time with us explaining the latest technology and answering our questions. He didn't try to oversell us and in fact steered us to some discounted equipment.  We didn't feel hurried or any pressure. We bought all of our equipment there.  Whether you RENT or BUY we highly recommend giving SKI PRO a try.
5	Originally went to the outlet store in Scottsdale and had a great experience. It only got better after coming here and working with Ryan in the snowboard department. He found a way to get the bindings I needed and was extremely knowledgeable. A+
