4	With a name like Happiness this Chinese takeaway has some pretty high expectations to live up to.  Fortunately, the quality of the food and service are great and certainly didn't leave me disappointed.  I came here with my mate after after watching the football at our friends' flat and we both had a delicious meal which was quick to be prepared.  The service is friendly and seem happy to serve you.  Further, the menu is extensive with a tempting range of authentic Chinese dishes.  I went for the spare ribs followed by the sweet and sour duck which both tasted amazing.  The ribs left me with pretty sticky fingers, but were well worth it.I'd come here again any day, and they offer a speedy delivery service for those who really can't be bothered.
4	Finally visited Happiness last night after meeting up with a number of Yelpers earlier on in the evening. Happiness was due a visit based on my mum recommending it from a previous visit - so I had high expectations, given her infrequent visits to the capital. And glad I am to, as it is the nicest Chinese meal I have had in a while, being it restricted to a dodgy takeaway or two. Enough to make you forget that given the right chef, this food can taste pretty good. Inside, it looks like a takeaway place with a few tables and smells a little greasy. It's bright and cheery enough though and the bathrooms are much much cleaner than in some places I have visited recently. I was interested to note that it served much of the standard fare but mixed it with some more interesting and rarer dishes on the menu such as steamed dumplings and spare ribs in guinness sauce. I was intrigued by the salt and pepper tofu, although I didn't get to try it on this particular trip. Upon sitting down, you are given a bowl of prawn crackers. Now, I don't know about you but I love these heart-hardeners. The problem is - 90% of crackers I have sampled, taste of cack and are dripping with oil. Happiness delivers nice, thick crackers, full of fishy flavour and definitely less oily than the majority, thus renewing my faith that good crackers still exist in the world, you just have to seek them out.We then plumped for the 8 quid menu, although there were many choices on the main menu to divert us. Pretty cheap, eh - and given that it was too close to payday for comfort, set menus seemed the best option. I had spring rolls while the boy had hot n spicy chicken wings - both cooked fresh to order and didn't appear to have the telltale traces of microwavery hijinks. The veggie spring rolls were particularly tasty, my only gripe being (and this is more general really) that you just can't find the giant spring rolls of yesteryear - if you did, the spring rolls here would be a perfect candidate for combining the four rolls offered into one. That would be all filler in this case (oh if only it were true). As for the main course, the boy had Szechuan chicken, which disappeared almost in seconds, while I tucked into some delicious prawn with ginger and spring onions - all tasting delightfully fresh. The fried rice we had was also tasty and non-greasy. As our eyes were much larger than our bellies, we also ordered a side of salt n spicy chips - just to see what they were like. To report back - chilli-peppered chips are definitely for winners, although the chips themselves were not great, I would definitely attempt a similar dish at home. Overall the verdict is: seemed that food is cooked fresh to order, at least that is how it tastes. We both left very satisfied and reminded to never order bad takeaway again. Did we achieve happiness? Indeed we did.
1	As somone who eats a lot of Chinese take aways, this is the worst one I've had all week.In all seriousness, I agree with Kitty, it was greasy and bland. The BBQ spare ribs were probably the worst I've ever had, the sauce was tasteless and watery and there was very little meat on the bone.The chicken fried rice I had was really, really bad. It contained about 8 old peas in it, some old rice and very little chicken on top.That was it.It should have bits of egg, more chicken, some chili or spring onion in it..Just something other than grey rice with a handful of peas in it.If they are too tight to spend money on decent ingredients, I'm too tight to eat there again.I'm still annoyed about this experience. I better let it go.
4	Really really good free prawn crackers, better than most I have tasted!  It took a while for the food to come, but the waiters were very nice.  Decent decor inside. The noodles with shredded pork  was pretty good-it was with soup on the menu but they offered a stir fry option.
2	You get free prawn crackers if you order over a certain amount. Not the best I've tasted, I don't find it salty enough.I used Justeat to have Happiness delivered to my doorstep. The delivery was supposed to take 45 minutes but it was 30 minutes late.It's acceptable chinese food. I do like that they have vegetarian options for my friends. It's affordable and I quite enjoyed the springrolls.
