4	Ah, the courthouse.  It evokes so many emotions.If you are headed there to deal with a ticket of some kind, you are undoubtedly filled with dread.If you are only going for jury duty - er, service - you are, well, also filled with dread.I would also imagine if you have to work there that you probably also have some amount of dread.So perhaps this magnificent edifice to justice is simply a reflection of that one emotion, which one day will remind us of Sylvester Stallone and Armand Assante (or even Rob Schneider) in the send-up of the much-better-than-that UK comic Judge Dredd.Until then, you get nothing.  Except for a monstrous wait.If you go to deal with the aforementioned ticket, you will wait.  If you are lucky and don't have to actually go into the courtroom, you wait until the doors open, your ticket is signed off, and you either go or pay a fine and leave.  If not, you wait until they call your name, see a DA and then pay the fine and leave (or perhaps fight the ticket and then, if you are lucky, leave).If you are summoned for your jury service, you will wait even longer - perhaps as long as a full day, but at least you get wifi, a few computers you can use if you don't bring your own, vending machines and a couple of movies to watch if you aren't summoned to watch people wondering what will become of them if they lose their fight against the justice system.If you are there for criminal reasons, then you may never leave.  Tom Petty, eat your heart out.And if you happen to work in said system?  As MercyMe puts it, "I Can Only Imagine", but I really don't want to.  I just want to run the other way.  The building isn't nearly as bad as the old one, but I really want to be somewhere else.  Anywhere else.  Please?
3	OK, ok, I'll admit it,  I spend some quality time here on a weekly basis.  While most folks try and avoid this place if at all possible, I come here weekly on purpose.Rather than try to explain all the inner-workings, let me lay out what to expect for folks coming here for the more common reasons.  At the outset, I'll note this building is a vast improvement over the old courthouse complex that was divided between different buildings and was harder to navigate than a autumn corn maze.  The building is designed so that as many folks as possible could do their business without ever getting on an elevator or deciphering a building directory.  The busiest criminal courts (traffic and first appearances) and most clerk's offices are all on the first and second floors, accessible from the street or via escalator.  The cashier and a very sufficient and clean cafeteria (no joke!) are also on the first level.  For everyone, you have to clear security before getting to any office or court- so leave all metal and weapons at home, metal detectors and luggage scanners catch people all day long- sorta like clearing the TSA at the airport.For jury duty-  well good news guys, the jury lounge is open and spacious with free wi-fi and big screen movies played throughout the day.  There is also free popcorn.  If you are lucky, you'll just sit there for the one day and never leave.  If you are unlucky, a deputy will come and escort you to a courtroom so you can be potentially screened to sit as a juror in a real trial.  If you really don't think you can sit as a juror in a particular case, you should speak up to the Court- you may be able to have your service deferred for up to 60 days.  If you do get selected for a jury the back rooms have some of the nicest views of uptown and they are very spacious, you could have done at lot worse.For traffic court- just follow the line if you get there early enough.  Assistant DA's will walk the line outside the courtroom to try and clear folks thru as fast as possible, offering reductions on speed and (sometimes) dismissals for folks with compliance issues.  If you do make it into the courtroom just know it's actually a staging room with only benches in the first room where they sort you out and then a back room with mini courtrooms where you will actually face a DA and a judge.  Sometimes it can take all morning (or afternoon), sometimes you can get out pretty fast- the pacing varies according to the case load, which changes wildly each day.Now there's a lot more business conducted at the courthouse daily, and the building divides each floor by function, so there is some logical layout here.  If you only have a couple floors to move between, do check out the 8 story spiral staircase in the southwest corner, it's much faster than the elevator.  The upstairs courtrooms are pretty open and spacious, even if the lone window is behind the judge's bench.  Also, parking can be a mess down here, but the public parking deck on the corner of 4th and McDowell is the biggest and easiest.  It's also the cheapest for shorter stays.  Other lots close by charge a flat rate that's a rip unless you are there for more than a few hours.  Jurors do get parking validated in this lot.  On a parting note, in case there was any doubt, this isn't legal advice.  You should seek professional counsel to address any specific legal situation.  This is just a review of the physical place where you can have your legal rights and obligations addressed.  Job complete.
4	Seriously, I must have arrived with low expectations because I was impressed and I wasn't miserable like I had anticipated. Receiving my jury summons in the mail, I felt dread (like Chad and Will said, the courthouse seems to get that reaction a lot). Park in the 4th Street Parking Garage and take the ticket with you so you can get it validated if you are a juror. Also, plan to stay there the entire day...your friends lied to you when they said if you get dismissed you can go home early. The screening process is a lot more efficient than any airport I've been to...what a cinch! The atrium area is well lit and everything has well placed signs. No excuse not finding where you need to go.The jury waiting room is really spacious! They try to fit 150 people in there and while each of the 6 open rooms are filled, I didn't ever feel cramped. They have plenty of work stations, rows of seating, a business center (for a quieter experience), lounge-type chairs, and an eating area with lots of vending machines. Oh yeah, the second floor has a pool table and video games...ummm, since when did going for jury duty feel like an adult "skipping work" day? Okay, I may be stretching it, but given the fact that you had to stay all day, they do a really great job making it as painless as possible.There are plenty of windows to allow natural lighting in. Also, they have a balcony...still no smoking, but if you need fresh air, you have immediate access. Did I mention the free Wi-Fi? Well, if you need to get some work done, bring your laptop. Or if you don't have a laptop, there are approximately 5 computers available for you to use.They give you 2 breaks besides a long lunch. There are a handful of restaurants in the immediate vicinity. Overall, not bad and the staff, bailiffs, and everyone else were actually really friendly.
4	I had jury duty today.  And it wasn't awful, at all.  It's not something I want to do again anytime soon, but it was an OK experience.As others have mentioned, there's a large series of room with TVs (that are on a bit too loudly) a break room with lots of vending machines (bring singles of $5s for the change machine!  I only had a $10 bill and was out of luck), and pool tables and video games upstairs, and a quiet room that was too warm and stuffy to sit in.I brought my laptop and did work all day at a desk in the back corner (where the more comfortable chairs are).  We were forced to sit and wait and wait and wait... the first group didn't get called to a courtroom until 2:30 p.m., and we got there at 8 a.m.  I was ultimately dismissed by the prosecution, and had no problem with it!A couple of things worth mentioning:  Nowhere on any court site does it say you CAN bring a phone, but it outlaws cameras, etc., so I was a bit worried my smart phone (with a built in camera) would be turned away, but this was not a problem.I also had my ever-present knitting with me.  Bamboo and wooden needles weren't a problem, but the metal one was not allowed.  So, knitters beware, and only bring wooden needles!
5	Busy, but consistently polite and professional courtroom staff, clerks, deputies, etc.  Parking can be a hassle.Always arrive early, expect a bit of a wait going through the security checkpoint with metal detectors and x-ray machines.Leave your knives, mace and brass knuckes at home.  You MAY bring in cell phones; but, you will likely be asked to turn them off in court.  (YOU DO NOT WANT YOUR CELL RINGING IN COURT).  If you have a computer, you'll be asked to power it up.  It's a beautiful courthouse.  The Jury Assembly Area is bar none the best in the State.  For more information check out:  Google+ or www.powmac.com
5	So I am not sure how I can rate a courthouse, but..... I will rate the Jury Assembly Area.5 Star - yes they have wifi, and it is fast5 Star - yes they have ultra comfy work areas5 Star - TWC on all flat screen5 Star - Pool Table5 Star - free popcorn5 Star - $12 bucks a day, woohoo5 Star - free parking-5 Sar ---- Jury Duty sucks, longest 8 hour day I have had in a while......
5	Well its my turn to be a juror again. The last time I visited this courthouse was as a member of the Mecklenberg County Sheriff's Office Civilian Academy. We had a tour of the building after business was over for the day. The summons was very comprehensive. I parked at the 4th street parking deck on the 4th floor. I had a large hot chocolate at the Cluck n Cup. They give jurors a 10% discount. I went through security and went up to the 5th floor with my fellow jurors. We sat outside the jury assembly area on marble benches along the walls. When the doors opened we had our summons scanned by a young lady behind a desk. We then had to get a form with two pages of instructions. A lot of people decided to plop down on the first available seats. I decided to look for a chair near a plug. I found what I needed & plugged my phone in. The wifi signal is excellent! I had my parking ticket validated and I've been in the quiet room since 09:30. It is very quiet and warm. The wifi signal is terrible compared to the rest of the suite but the cell signal is very strong averaging 6 bars on my Android phone. Now I'm sitting in the business center. It's a bit cooler back here. There's still a nice strong cell signal. I don't like the wifi as it seems to censor sites like Facebook. Shortly after I was seated in the business center we were called into one of the assembly areas to be sent to one of three courtrooms. Our names were called out & we were assigned to one of three deputies. I almost made it onto a jury but the defense attorney noticed that I was falling asleep, so I was let go. Hopefully I won't get another summons for another 10 years or so.
4	This is a weird place to review, but here it goes... lol  The cell phone signal (AT&T) was a little choppy, but they could have a signal scrambler or something...The line to see the DA stretched well outside the office they had for it... The restricted hours seem to lead to a large volume of people, but I'm not sure if there's anything they could do about it... I was in line for a little less than two hours, but the people in line with me were nice, so it wasn't a bad experience... I was a little confused about what happened, though... As we were standing in line, two well dressed guys who didn't have nametags or anything came into the area... One of them asked me if I had my ticket, looked at my new registration and scribbled on my ticket... He told me it was dismissed and I could go... I mean, I didn't even get a receipt or anything... I hope he wasn't just some random guy, but I guess I'll find out if I get picked up on a bench warrant or something... lolThe deputies were cordial and more than willing to answer any questions (and I had plenty since I hadn't been down here since jury duty 10 years ago! lol)... They helped me find my way around and get everything in order... It wasn't a bad time since apparently I just had to show someone my new registration, but I'm just saying... I'm a fan and all, but I don't want to go back... lol
5	Last week I served jury duty for my first time and I was quite impressed by the digs. When you arrive early, you have to wait until security is ready to allow in jurors. Getting through security is fast, easy, and smooth, even if you end up needing to take off your shoes due to them having metal on. If you have an e-reader or laptop or similar device, they ask you to power it on so that it at least shows that it works. If you're there early, you may sit outside of the jury room for a little while in a very large hallway. The check-in process and early morning meeting/run through is done very efficiently except for a few points they have to overemphasize, like validating your parking ticket. There are about 6 rooms within this jury room to utilize - three theater style areas, a lounge style area, a quiet room, and an office space. There is also a game room (foosball table, pool table, board games, card games) on the upstairs inside balcony, a dinning/lunch room with various vending machines, and restrooms. There are also lockers if you don't want to carry everything around with you all day. Almost all of the areas have large tvs that will show cable, movies, or a video feed when the rooms are being addressed. The volume can sometimes be loud, but it's worth it when you're treated to a movie like "Skyfall". If you need the volume in an area adjusted, the folks at the main desk are more than happy to oblige. There's a movie in the morning and a movie in the afternoon. They try to keep them at reasonable PG-13 or lower rating to appeal to the various tastes that will be in the jury room at any one time. The afternoon movie is accompanied by freshly popped popcorn. You get an hour and a half for lunch and some nearby businesses give jurors discounts. Be mindful, though, if you leave for lunch, you'll have to get in line with everyone else plus the traffic court crowd to go back through security, so give yourself plenty of time. The entire jury room has many large windows so you're always able to see outside which keeps you from feeling trapped. If you have to serve jury duty, this is definitely the place to do it.
