3	As feeble and futile as it is to rate another franchise, I have to admit I was a little giddy in trying whatever made this Southern-seaboard establishment so popular amongst the Houston Rappers and other Southern entertainers alike. Coming from California with such cult burger followings as The Habit and Father's Office, I would say my sense for a decent burger is somewhat honed. Whataburger was next on my list.The location seemed new and dining area was spotless. I ordered their general Whataburger with fries and a drink that came out to roughly $5. Their niche? They bring out a tray full of condiments and napkins with your food so you grab what you want. Neat.As my friend was watching me take my initial bite, he knew what the verdict would be. He thought I hated it. Wrong. I thought it was flat and precisely cafeterian. The only form of moisture was mustard and the meat itself was mundanely unseasoned. The fries likewise had no salt but were well-sized and well-fried. As for the drink... keeping up with the Texas tradition they had sweet tea. Plus one. I could see why this franchise is open 24/7 and why young adults enjoy it's existence especially between the hours of dusk to dawn. When your tastebuds have gone numb and where flavor isn't a huge issue, Whataburger will be there to suit whatever your waste wishes.
4	What?! Pancake batter on a griddle?  It is!  This isn't McDonald's.  They actually make your pancakes when you order them, which explains why they aren't uniformly shaped like the pre-made crap at the golden arches.  And gee, my egg on the biscuit sandwich is irregularly shaped as well - I wonder why.As far as *fast food* breakfasts go, Whataburger is hard to beat.  Oh, and they bring the food to your table with a nice tray of condiments and such.  Friendly staff, cheap prices, what's not to like for a fast food breakfast?
1	They need more workers poor service had too wait on ordering and then had to wait on food way to long
2	Great food but it's way too expensive - 2 double burger meals with shakes shouldn't be almost $30.
3	Good food (if "good" can be associated with fast food) - but the drive-thru here is one of the slowest I have used.You come to fast food and a drive-thru for a QUICK and easy meal. The easy part they did.. the quick part turned into a 15 min wait from order to eating. Way to long in my opinion.
4	Ever since I tried Whataburger for the first time is Texas, they have been one of my favorites. Since there wasn't any in SoCal, I was very happy when I relocated to the Valley that there were plenty of Whataburgers to pass around!! Been here a few times, never had any problems! But then again, I don't expect to much from a fast food joint! Plenty of parking, and seating inside. Service has been good, sometimes the drive through can be slow. Their food is better then most other fast food joints, but you do pay for it.
2	The food is okay considering it is fast-food, but the drive-thru service is terrible.  I've been to this location a few times because it's on my way home from work and every time I have to wait at least 15 minutes in the drive-thru.  No matter what I order, I am stuck waiting  - not very fast-food if you ask me...
3	Whataburger has a decent burger, but is definitely not one of my favorite places even for fast food. This location hasn't been too busy on the few occasions that I have dined here though, so it has been quick and convenient for me.
1	Not my favorite place in the world I love in and out they by far have the best burgers Lennies burgers is alright but if you really want a real good burger you go to burger bar in Vegas.
1	I used to love whataburger as a kid, it's a slowly slipping downward slope! I was so xited when I moved back into a neighborhood that had a whataburger so close, first time I went there waited literally 25 minutes behind 2 cars then had to pull away to go to mcdonalds 2 miles down the road. Decided to go back a couple months later(tonight) they didn't give me my drink, my bad for not recognizing this but I was busy on the phone. Food was ice cold when we got into it and we live less than a mile away. When I called to ask about a credit on the drink I got " oh next time u come thru ask for a free drink" really? Pretty sure that's not gonna work. They might be ok during the day but definitely don't go late night
5	Due to my job I tend to be out and about at crazy hours.  So this is a place I tend to hit up between 11pm and 1am.  It takes a while to get your food, but in this case I am saying that is a bonus and not a negative.  Their food is always fresh and worth the wait.
1	So we had to try their burgers, everyone on base in California says they are comparable to In-N-Out, so we of course had to give them a chance!! We ordered a number one with cheese and a jalapeno burger with the fries and drink combo. These two meals cost us $14... We get our food and I was actually impressed with how large the burgers were. However, this food tasted like McDonalds... Actually I would have rather gone there because at least we would not have paid $14 for two cheeseburger combos. No thank you.. Greasy, lacking flavor, and the exact same pickles and fries as their ugly neighbor McDonalds. I think I will stick to In-N-Out. Thanks anyways though...
3	I have been inundated with Whataburger TV commercials, radio and print ads etc.  I noticed that they were advertising a Green Chile Double.  It sounded delicious so I stopped on the way home from work tonight.  I ordered one and it came out to almost $6.00.  A little steep but I really wanted to try it.  Whataburger cooks everything fresh plus they have pretty large sized burgers.  The Green Chile Double is pretty simple.....2 beef patties, 2 slices of cheese (Monterey Jack and American) and some roasted chiles.  No condiments or anything like that.  They do butter their buns which is nice.  Overall, it was a tad dry but still tasted great.  I only wish they would have topped it with more chiles though.  Overall, I was satisfied.  If this thing was $4.00 and had more chiles, it would be perfect.  For almost $6.00 just for the burger plus the skimpness of chiles, it gets just an A-OK.
5	2nd time thru the drive thru.  Very nice gentleman took my order. Even let me order off the breakfast menu before 11pm. Allowed me to take my time, to look at menu. Didn't rush me. I appreciate that. I know people expect"fast" all the time. I appreciate him taking the time.  He did forget to give me my daughters milk. I am in line getting it now. Very nice man. Accidents happen.
4	I have to say....I am becoming a huge fan of Whataburger.  Sure, its a little bit expensive for "fast food", but in the end its worth it.  They cook everything fresh, their burgers are always juicy and huge, their fries are always salted well, they have spicy ketchup!, and I recently found out that they have a secret weapon....its on their breakfast menu.... the Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit.  Wow!  A freshly fried crunchy chicken strip nestled inside a freshly baked buttery, soft biscuit and then they drizzle this thing with their honey butter mixture.  WOW!  Possibly the best breakfast biscuit sandwich out there (Chick Fil-A is good, but this one here is a notch above that) right now!  They are only like $2.29 too, which is not bad at all.  Everyone I have encountered at Whataburger is very friendly too!  I'm glad we have them here in AZ.  CA could sure use one!
1	First time ever there!!!  Ordered a salad with apples and cranberries among other things...no apples in the salad..what's the point of paying extra for a salad if you are not getting what is supposed t o be in it??  Never again!  I hate rip offs!!!  P.s.  Their french fries suck...my husband ordered them and their hamburgers were not even thick!
